Ad is loading...Never before has fashion's place in the world felt so unsure. The once-horrifying statistics regarding the industry's terrible impact on the planet now roll easily off the tongue – the 1.2bn tonnes of yearly waste; that the industry is the second largest polluter in the world after oil; that it produces 20% of waste water each year; that shoppers in the United Kingdom alone are hoarding £46.7bn of unworn clothing in their wardrobes at any one time. We all require clothes but for some, this necessity grows into something much greater – the pursuit of sartorial excellence. Such a pursuit has led us all down a much more dangerous path than we might ever have imagined, however, and now, here we are, facing a climate crisis. Red carpet events and other ostentatious displays of excessive glamour and, usually, outfits that celebrities will be seen in only once can feel at odds with the cultural conversation. This is something of which the Fashion Awards was all too aware and, as a result, the spectre of sustainability loomed large, dominating the evening in many ways .The opening presentation of the evening included banners emblazoned with righteous calls to action. 'Creative directors use your collective power' read one; 'climate emergency' was written on the other side. As well as this, the menu for the evening was plant-based, using local produce. So far, so what? Of course, every little helps, but a handful of carrots is not going to change the course of history. The influence of supermodels and A-list individuals just might, however. On the red carpet, one of the most ubiquitous sights was not a specific colour, nor indeed was it a single designer – it was rented dresses. The rental economy has been big business this year, with several companies amassing large and – crucially – influential followings, as we all try to marry a love of fashion with the need to consume more responsibly. For the Fashion Awards, rental start-up My Wardrobe HQ encouraged a number of celebrities to choose a gown from its extensive collection of items available to borrow. As well as the somethings borrowed, there were dresses made boasting environmentally conscious credentials. Stella McCartney teamed up with Atelier Swarovski, for example, to create looks for a supermodel trio: Amber Valetta, Karen Elson and Joan Smalls. Their accompanying jewels were all sustainable, lab-grown diamonds. There were individual efforts, too. The model Clara Paget wore a repurposed, upcycled dress from Ssōne and Swarovski, while Shailene Woodley and Liya Kebede both wore impressive puffer creations that are part of Moncler's Genius initiative, and are the product of a collaboration between Moncler, Pierpaolo Piccioli and Lemlem, Kebede's own sustainable and socially responsible label committed to championing African artisans. It may feel like baby steps but at least they're heading in the right direction. After all, influence, when wielded responsibly, can be a powerful thing. It's something the Duchess of Sussex has harnessed to great effect; many of the clothes she wears, which consistently sell out around the world, are sourced from sustainable labels. And, in the last few months, both Net-a-Porter and Browns, two of the most prevalent purveyors of luxury fashion online, have launched sustainable platforms to enable customers to shop for conscious pieces more easily. To be aware of your power is one thing, to use it in the right way is another. This year's Fashion Awards proved that high fashion, glamour and sustainability can sit comfortably together. It just requires us all to be onboard.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The who’s who of fashion descended on the Royal Albert Hall on Monday evening for The Fashion Awards 2019. Here’s who won what, and why...Award(s): Designer of the year, British designer of the year womenswear, Accessories designer of the year.Award(s): Brand Of The YearThe poufy clutches and woven mules are everywhere, and now it's official: on planet fashion, 2019 belongs to one brand – Bottega Veneta. That's thanks to Daniel Lee, the British creative director who has transformed the Italian house – previously known for its stealth take on luxury – into the white-hot label to know. He cements his stellar year with four of the biggest nods on the night.Award(s): British designer of the year: MenswearA mix master of references, Kim Jones's Dior Men's collections are so beautiful that even women can't get enough (see: Mossy, Naomi and Bella).Award(s): British emerging talent: MenswearSustainability and a social conscience are at the heart of this designer's spirited streetwear collections.Award(s): British emerging talent: WomenswearKnockout dresses, 'off ' colours and statement accessories are Rejina's signature moves. Oh and PS, she's also one of the nicest people in fashion.Award(s): Business LeaderMoncler's Genius strategy – where a roster of guest designers including Richard Quinn and Simone Rocha put their spin on the outerwear brand's house codes – is a commercial and creative stroke of, well, genius.Award(s): Model of the yearSouth Sudan-born, Australia- raised Adut has taken the fashion world by storm. She has worked with the industry's most influential (Pierpaolo Piccioli and Edward Enninful are big fans). Not just a pretty face, she also works with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.Award(s): Urban luxeIs there anything Rihanna can't do? Her Fenty Beauty and Savage x Fenty collections have shifted the conversation around fashion, beauty and inclusivity. Fenty now looks set for similar world domination.Award(s): Outstanding AchievementAfter 44 years in the business, his name still epitomises glamour, success and power.Award(s): Fashion iconPhilanthropist, advocate, the most super of models... 'fashion icon' doesn't really do the inimitable Ms Campbell justice.Award(s): Isabella Blow award for fashion creatorWe don't throw around the word 'legend' lightly, but super-hairstylist Sam McKnight is exactly that. Princess Diana, Kate Moss and Lady Gaga are just three of the A-listers who have had their tresses tended by McKnight.Award(s): TrailblazerThe poetry and fantasy of Alexander McQueen is beloved by royals and rebels alike. The quietly brilliant Burton is awarded not only for her artistic vision, but her championing of UK- wide craftsmanship.Award(s): Positive change awardThe industry is waking up, but it takes action to make a difference.Award(s): Designer's DesignerThe man on a mission to bring More Joy to fashion continues to delight and surprise with his subversively brilliant collections.Read More: Sarah Burton Is Being Honoured At This Year's Fashion Awards - And Tracee Ellis Ross Is Hosting© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Daniel Lee has conquered planet fashion. The Bottega Veneta creative director topped off his stellar year by scooping four of the biggest accolades at this evening’s Fashion Awards: Designer of the Year, British Designer of the Year Womenswear, Accessories Designer of the Year and Brand of the Year. Even without tonight’s clean sweep, 2019 had already been the year of Bottega. Since unveiling his first collection for the house, Daniel has been the name to drop (and wear) for fashion insiders. At the spring/summer 2020 shows in September, Bottega dominated the front row: the bulbous square-toe sandals and pouffy clutch bags, lacquered satin shirts and woven leather coats won the popularity contest off the runway. Back in the real world, its popularity is also soaring. Lyst reports more than 10,000 page views per month for the Pouch bag, with searches for the barely-there Stretch sandals increasing by 471% in July. The Italian brand’s ubiquity shouldn’t be that much of a surprise. Since new creative director Daniel Lee unveiled his first collection for the house in March (formerly known primarily as a purveyor of quiet luxury and the signature woven intrecciato leather accessories) his designs have garnered the kind of giddy excitement from fashion insiders last elicited by ‘old’ Céline. That makes sense; Daniel worked there too, under Phoebe Philo, and has inherited her nous for offbeat minimalism and apparent sixth sense for anticipating what women want to wear. Just don’t pigeonhole who that woman is. ‘The Bottega woman is individual, it’s not about “labelling” her,’ Daniel tells Grazia. ‘Bottega is very emotive; I love seeing people enjoying the brand, making it their own.’ Same obsession of a different color.A post shared by  Erika Boldrin (@erika_boldrin) on Sep 7, 2019 at 9:04pm PDTSo is new Bottega the new ‘old Céline’? In desirability terms, yes. ‘It’s definitely filling the gap and representing luxury fashion in a way that appeals to fans of Phoebe’s Céline,’ says Natalie Kingham, fashion and buying director of Matchesfashion.com, which has just launched an exclusive capsule collection with the house. ‘The collection is beautifully made, with clean silhouettes, beautiful fabrics and elevated detailing, which has a similar sensibility.’ Illusion of a never ending summer @bottegaveneta #illusione #bottegavenetafragrancesA post shared by  Tiffany Hsu (@handinfire) on Jul 14, 2019 at 11:49pm PDT‘Anything Bottega updates your current wardrobe insanely!’ adds MyTheresa’s fashion buying director Tiffany Hsu, who packed ‘around 10 and counting’ pieces for her month-long trip around the four fashion cities. The Danish influencer Pernille Teisbaek is already a fully-fledged member of the Bottega fan club, wearing pre-fall’s leather Bermuda shorts ‘so many times that my husband started to worry I’d thrown out all my other pants’. She thinks the appeal is in Daniel’s clever interpretation of Bottega’s half-century heritage. ‘He is true to the history of the brand and doesn’t make it into something unrecognisable just to make a statement,’ she says.As for Daniel’s ambition for the brand? ‘Bottega is global, bold, direct, immediate. I want it to stand out from the crowd.’ It’s certainly doing that – even when everyone is wearing it.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When the behemoth of luxury LVMH announced that it would be collaborating with Rihanna on more than just cosmetics (the conglomerate currently owns Fenty Beauty), it made sure that the artist would be the first black woman to run a major luxury fashion company. Not that Rihanna is averse to making history – in the last couple of years alone, she has prioritised inclusivity with the brands she has developed. First came Fenty Beauty, which transformed the cosmetics industry thanks to its 40 different shades of foundation, followed by Savage x Fenty, a size and gender inclusive approach to lingerie. In one fell swoop, Rihanna drastically altered the landscape of two of the least diverse elements of the fashion and beauty industries.Fenty, Rihanna's latest foray into clothes, footwear and accessories, officially launched in May this year but has already made such waves in the industry that it just won the Fashion Award for Urban Luxe, beating the likes of Marine Serre and Moncler Genius (responsible for the enormous puffer gowns seen on the red carpet). Janet Jackson presented Rihanna with the award, telling her 'You're loved for your style, your boldness and your strength as a woman. You're respected as a successful artist, fashion designer, activist, entrepreneur and for being the first black female at LVMH. Congratulations.' Taking to the stage, Rihanna said 'Thank you so much to the entire British Fashion Council. I want to thank Mr Bernard Arnault [the CEO of LVMH]... thank you so much for believing in me as a young black woman and my talent. Thank you for giving me this wonderful opportunity to prove what I want to do.'Proving that she really is her own best advert, Rihanna was wearing a mint green (or 'wasabi-green' as Fenty calls it) satin mini dress with an oversized sheer shirt she wore over it and matching satin shoes. Each piece launches in Selfridges shortly, meaning that by Friday 6 December, fans will be able to shop the entirety of Rihanna's Fashion Awards outfit.  The Fenty collection is comprised of Rihanna's inimitable mix of traditionally masculine tailoring and softer design elements. A sharp-shouldered blazer, for example, comes in sugary pink, while there are puff-sleeved stripe shirts and oversized denim jackets. There's an interesting mix of materials, too, with denim, leather and a fabric called 'Weapon', to which Rihanna referred in a recent interview with the New York Times:"One of [the fabrics] is called Weapon.19 That’s what we ended up making our suits in. Even making clothes in luxury is different. All the techniques are, like, ridiculous... I use myself as the muse. It’s sweatpants with pearls, or a masculine denim jacket with a corset. I feel like we live in a world where people are embracing every bit of who they are. Look at Jaden Smith,20 Childish Gambino.21 They dare you to tell them not to." @tmagazineA post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on May 20, 2019 at 6:00am PDTRihanna also spoke of the inclusivity of Fenty Beauty, saying: "In my own household, my father is half black, half white. My mom is black from South America. I was seeing diversity. That’s all I knew. Growing up, I wanted to be darker, always. So, making makeup, it wasn’t even a thing I had to think about. I didn’t even really know how bad it was, the void in the market for dark foundation, because all I’d seen was black women put makeup on. I don’t even think 40 shades is enough! And so I added 10 more recently, and we’re not gonna stop there."Similarly, Rihanna has ensured that Fenty is more size inclusive, as most luxury brands fail to cater to sizes much bigger than a UK 14: "I’m thick and curvy right now, and so if I can’t wear my own stuff then, I mean, that’s not gonna work, right? And my size is not the biggest size. It’s actually closer to the smallest size we have: We go up to a [French size] 46 [the equivalent of a UK size 18]. We’re saying we can meet you at any one drop that we put out." @tmagazineA post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on May 20, 2019 at 6:01am PDTIn terms of the drops, there will be new product each month, available exclusively online as Rihanna wanted to build a direct-to-consumer brand. Given that it's a luxury brand, the clothing won't be cheap (A suit jacket is $1,100, which is around £865, while there are those puff-sleeve shirts for $600 – around £470) but there's also footwear and accessories at a slightly more accessible price point. But whether or not you actually buy into the Fenty brand, one can't help but be impressed by Rihanna's tenacity, her work ethic and the fact that she's blazing a trail for so many other young creatives to follow.Credit: GettyNewly pregnant Millie Mackintosh opted for a pistachio, high-neck dress with blouson sleeves by Emilia Wickstead. Credit: GettyModel and activist Arizona Muse wore an elegant three-piece suit, in head-to-toe white by sustainable fashion brand DeckCredit: GettyBritish rapper Little Simz in a navy suit, printed blouse, heeled Gucci loafers and an eye-catching orange hat.Credit: GettyCaroline Rush, CEO of the British Fashion Council, wore an elegant, off-shoulder gown.Credit: GettyCharteris wore a glittering gold gown by Giambattista Valli, featuring a cut-away detail and bows on the sleeves. She carried a bag by Mulberry. Credit: GettySupermodel Stella Maxwell chose a paisley printed gown.Credit: GettyNaylor-Leyland chose a colourful Peter Pilotto dress with exaggerated sleeves. Credit: GettyJames Blunt arrived with his wife, Lady Sofia Wellesley, who wore a sequin dress by Needle & Thread. Credit: GettyThe designer duo behind fashion label Palmer//Harding. Credit: GettyThe British singer wore an emerald silk dress that's part of a collaboration between Flannels and Vivienne Westwood. Credit: GettyThe Gossip Girl star wore a camel roll neck with his suit. Credit: GettyThe rapper wore a pair of custom Nike trainers designed by MattB Customs. Credit: GettyThe Insta-famous Doina paired Monica Vinader earrings with her own take on the classic tux. Credit: GettyThe designer naturally wore a dress of her own creation. Credit: GettyThe model wore one of the puffer skirts from her collaboration with Moncler and Valentino's Pierpaolo Piccioli. Credit: GettyCredit: Getty Credit: GettyCredit: GettyThe Youtube star wore a silver Gyunel gown. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe actress wore a striking red ensemble. Credit: GettyThis year's host opted for an ethereal white outfit complete with impressive jewels. Credit: GettyThe TV star wore a floral print dress. Credit: GettyPaget wore a repurposed, up cycled dress by Ssōne and jewels by Swarovski. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe actor also wore one of the amazing puffer creations from Liya Kebede's capsule collection with Moncler Genius and Pierpaolo Piccioli. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyParsons wore Osman. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyChiara Ferrigni wore a gown designed especially for her by Etro. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyJoining Armani on the red carpet, Blanchett wore a gown from his couture collection, Armani PrivéCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe actor wore a black off-the-shoulder Burberry gown. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyChung wore a dress inspired by Jane Birkin and created by her own label, ALEXACHUNGCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe actress wore J W Anderson Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe supermodel wore BurberryCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyBatgio wore a black dress by Richard QuinnCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe singer wore bespoke 16ArlingtonCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyWearing Simone Rocha Credit: GettyCredit: GettyOh wore Erdem Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyWearing Stella McCartneyCredit: GettyThe supermodel wore Alexander McQueenCredit: GettySmalls wore Stella McCartneyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe supermodel wore Stella McCartneyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyObviously, Donatella wore Versace. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettySusie Bubble wore a tulle dress by Molly Goddard. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe supermodel wore a green Valentino gown. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe designer wore one of her own colourful creations. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyThe superstar wore a green mini dress and sheer shirt over the top, both from her own label Fenty. Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: Getty© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A prediction: come spring, what you wear will matter less than how you wear it – specifically, with a smile. A celebratory mood of optimism and joy swept across the S/S ’20 catwalks when designers showcased their new season collections in September – from twirling models at Deveaux and Issey Miyake to dopamine-inducing clothes at Marc Jacobs and Valentino and, yes, Jennifer Lopez making a catwalk appearance at Versace. Whether your definition of happy style is about clothes that are comfortable, cool or conscious, fashion will be in high spirits by spring, from the high street to high-end brands.But why wait until next season? It’s an attitude Christopher Kane has always championed, never afraid to raise a smile with his love of the unexpected and ugly.In his world, the daring coexists with the domestic, the sweet with the subversive. In 13 years of his brand, he’s made must-haves of decorative Crocs, gel-filled accessories and rubber gloves. It’s feel-good fashion at its weirdest, wildest and most wonderful.But Christopher isn’t afraid to do obvious, too. Over the past year ‘More Joy’ has become an accidental slogan for the brand, thanks to the merch that sprung out of his A/W ’18 collection, which borrowed text and illustrations from 1972’s erotic manual The Joy Of Sex. Graphic T-shirts and towels emblazoned with the words ‘More Joy’, ‘Sex’ and ‘Special’ became an Instagram hit over the summer. ‘From that moment “More Joy” became a daily mantra for us,’ explains Christopher, sitting in his Dalston studio. ‘For me, it’s finding joy in everything.’‘It means something to us,’ adds Tammy Kane, Christopher’s older sister, right-hand woman, long-time collaborator and biggest champion. ‘It’s a little moment to pause and go, “Yeah! More Joy!”, you know? Being in the moment, remembering what you’ve got, just being grateful.’Right now, what the Kanes are grateful for is nights in. ‘It’s the new luxury,’ says mum-of-two Tammy. ‘If I can be in bed at 8.30pm with the girls, that’s the dream. Bliss!’ Hence the new collection includes everything you’d need to hibernate – silk pyjamas, blankets, hot water bottles, eye masks and mugs… whether that night looks restorative or raunchy is down to you.As charming as joyfulness and optimism are, they are also pertinent statements for now. ‘These are uncertain times, scary times,’ says Tammy. ‘But when you wear [something from the More Joy collection] you feel like you’re shining out something.’ ‘You’re sending out good messages,’ adds Christopher. ‘I think history has proven that, in uncertain times, you have to be the most radical you can be.’ It’s a powerful statement of intent to take into 2020.The second collection, which will be available at a pop-up opening this week at Shoreditch’s Ace Hotel (Christopher also designed the Christmas tree for the hotel’s Hoi Polloi restaurant), is timed perfectly to coincide with the festive season – Christmas cards sold in aid of the Whitechapel Mission homeless charity will also be available. Not surprisingly, their Christmas shopping is sorted. ‘Aunty Sandra’s going to be in Sex pyjamas,’ laughs Christopher. And with the collection starting at £15, these are likely the most inclusive designer stocking stuffers you will find. ‘The price point is completely different to the mainline. It’s not a serious thing, it should radiate fun and cheekiness.’The essence of how Christopher wants people to feel in his designs – ‘powerful, empowered’ – remains the same for socks, a T-shirt or eye mask as it does a £2,000 dress. ‘“Powerful” is a big word to use for just a T-shirt, but it can be,’ says Tammy. ‘You feel confident, and the clothes should always make you feel like that.’ Certainly,it’s hard to wear a tee emblazoned with the words More Joy with a scowl; the ones with Sex pronounced on the front should never be worn with an apologetic demeanour. ‘That T-shirt has magic powers, believe me,’ winks Christopher.So what does ‘joy’ mean to the Kane siblings? ‘Being free,’ they say in unison. ‘Being creatively free, being sexually free, being in charge of your own destiny,’ elaborates Tammy. Christopher has always admired the Albert Einstein quote ‘imagination is everything’. ‘I never want to let go of that. I’ll always want to be a child and think that I can do anything I want and that’s OK. And that is joy to me.’‘I don’t think we could live with ourselves if we took ourselves too seriously,’ he continues. ‘I think in an industry that is so full of all the hot air, me and Tammy have always felt like outsiders – genuinely – and we like that feeling, we’ll always remain that way because why not? I think that’s how we prevail. We don’t follow trends, we don’t do what people tell us to do. That is liberating in itself, we got here solely because of us – no one else.’ Doing things your own way: what could be more joyful than that?From £15, christopherkane.com. The More Joy pop-up at Ace Hotel Shoreditch opens 21 November© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Among the many gowns, suits and eye-catching hats on display at the Fashion Awards, Shailene Woodley and Liya Kebede still managed to make a statement in their gargantuan puffer creations, defying the London chill. While Kebede opted for a huge skirt with a white T-shirt, Woodley went for a full look, choosing a blue gown with hooded jacket, all made from puffer coat material.While some might find it easy to dismiss them as one of fashion's frivolous creations, they are actually part of a capsule collection from Moncler's Genius range, a design series that sees Moncler enter the world of high fashion, partnering with designers like Richard Quinn and Simone Rocha. It also teamed up with Pierpaolo Piccioli, Valentino's Creative Director, and together they worked with Kebede's own brand, Lemlem.Kebede founded Lemlem in 2007, in order to support and champion local designers from Ethiopia. Proceeds generated by the brand are given to the Lemlem Foundation, which helps female artisans in Africa gain access to healthcare, education and employment. This collaboration with Moncler and Piccioli, therefore, is an excellent platform. A few days now scientists have been bidding farewell to the first Icelandic glacier lost to climate change. If more melt, it can be disastrous. Do we still believe global warming is a myth? @iamayajones in  our @lemlemofficial x @pppiccioli x @moncler shot for @harpersbazaarus shot by @txemayeste #MonclerGenius #GlobalWarmingA post shared by  liyakebede (@liyakebede) on Aug 26, 2019 at 9:19am PDTLast month, Pharrell was on the cover of GQ's issue under the title 'The New Masculinity Issue'. He was wearing a bright yellow puffer cape dress from the same collection. Before that, Kebede posted an image of Karlie Kloss in one of the designs, taken as part of a Vogue shoot. They're not just for editorial purposes, either – the puffers are due to land in Moncler stores this month. This is heaven 🙏🏾💛♥️ one of the most iconic men in music industry  @pharrell redefining the codes of masculinity on the cover of GQ and wearing none other than our baby 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 the capsule collection we created in collaboration with @moncler @pppiccioli and the signature @lemlemofficial Ethiopian designs. What a way to start the week ♥️ hitting Moncler stores soon #monclergenius #lemlemboys #pharellwilliams 📷 @micaiahcarter @mobolajidawodu @willwelchA post shared by  liyakebede (@liyakebede) on Oct 14, 2019 at 7:56am PDTConsider them the high fashion upgrade for your Uniqlo jacket –but perhaps less conducive to mundane tasks such as dog walking, popping to the shops or, indeed, most other daily chores. At least it would feel like you're wearing your actual duvet. Which, in case you weren't aware, is actually the height of fashion at the moment.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When accepting an Outstanding Achievement award, you’re basically the guest of honour. But it always helps to have a little support. And that definitely stands when you’re the legendary Giorgio Armani.Giorgio is the recipient of the prestigious prize at this year’s British Fashion Awards, held at the Royal Albert Hall by the British Fashion Council. Naturally, he was in attendance, but he wasn’t alone. He was joined at the event by a very stylish army of supporters, led by Cate Blanchett and Julia Roberts.The Australian actress - a two-time Oscar winner - walked the red carpet ahead of the event, alongside fellow acting legend Lauren Hutton, and his niece, Roberta Armani. Julia joined to pose with Giorgio soon after.Cate is an Armani staple. Not only is she the face of Si, the brand’s divine fragrance. She is also their global beauty ambassador, and has worn Armani at many red carpet events.Speaking earlier this year, Cate explained her attraction to Armani, she said:‘Being the so-called “face” of this fragrance — I think I’d prefer to say “the spirit” of this fragrance. So being this Sì “spirit” is all about creating an atmosphere in which I can inhabit myriad states. Being a Sì woman isn’t a static thing — it’s full of flow: joy, apprehension, excitement, desire, risk and frivolity. And love, bien sûr!’Giorgio’s honour is a long time coming. The Italian style king set up the company in 1975, and is now known as, arguably, the most successful Italian designer of our time.He is one of several legends being honoured. British supermodel Naomi Campbell will be picking up the Icon Award, at the country's biggest night in fashion.READ MORE: Giorgio Armani on dressing the world's most famous women© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What makes a legend? It’s a question Giorgio Armani, a man who has dressed a multitude of icons, uniquely understands. One of fashion’s last remaining great titans, he’s managed to invent power dressing, and pioneer the modern-day red carpet as we know it, during the 44 years he’s grown his eponymous business from Milan-born womenswear label to global empire.As he accepts the Outstanding Achievement accolade at this week’s Fashion Awards – arguably the industry’s biggest party of the year – it seems only natural to reflect on the indelible impact he’s had on the look of event dressing. ‘The ’80s saw a huge amount of change in Hollywood, and the world in general,’ he says. ‘In the movie industry, young actors were rejecting the theatricality of the old Hollywood red carpet for a new naturalness.’ His niece Roberta is now a driving force behind the label’s close ties with Hollywood. ‘When my uncle first started his label, Hollywood and fashion were not entrenched,’ she explains. ‘For the glamorous events, Hollywood often collaborated with costume designers, who responded to the theatrical image of the star, and the outfits worn were part of projecting that image.’Armani changed the aesthetic. ‘I became the go-to designer for this fresh approach,’ he says. Lauren Hutton, Michelle Pfeiffer, Tom Cruise, Julia Roberts, Lady Gaga, Denzel Washington, Reese Witherspoon... countless legends have him to thank for some of their most iconic red carpet moments.Here, he looks back on his favourites.Someone like Diane had a completely different idea of what the image of stardom should be – she wanted to be a relatable person first, a star second. You can see how Diane makes a tailored jacket – in a style normally associated with a man's suit – look thoroughly modern and individual. It's interesting to look back at this because, in 1978, all of us were adjusting how we thought of ourselves, socially and professionally. In particular, women were discovering a new voice as professionals. I found myself the designer credited with giving these women an appropriate wardrobe – something that could compete sartorially with what their male colleagues were wearing. Diane is channelling that spirit with this outfit.I'm very close to all the iconic actresses I have dressed. I have fond memories of Jodie, who I rescued from the worst-dressed list at the Oscars. For her second Oscar, she wore a tuxedo of mine, and she was considered one of the best dressed at the ceremony. It was fun putting an actress in a traditionally male style at an event where women usually wear dramatic and often overblown evening gowns. Even today, after more than 30 years, I still have the pleasure of dressing her for all important occasions.A red carpet at the Oscars that I remember with great pleasure was that of 2004, when I dressed Julia in a beautiful long dress inspired by the style of the legendary Katharine Hepburn. Julia is one of those people who simply exudes star quality, like an old-school Hollywood leading lady of the golden era. So I thought, why not create a dress that evokes a sense of timeless style, n updated traditional approach if you like, and let Julia's charisma – and that great smile – do all the talking?Cate is one of today's most talented actresses, in both theatre and film. Her integrity and commitment to her work is reflected in the powerful intensity of her performances. In addition to her natural talent, she has an innate sense of style that makes her unique. That's why it's always an honour to dress her, because she is able to interpret my style in a natural and elegant way. One of the occasions on which I look back fondly is the 2014 Academy Awards: she was not only marvellous on the red carpet, but with her acceptance speech she also proved the power and glory of one of the greatest actresses in Hollywood today.Besides being a very talented performer, Nicole is a charming and extremely beautiful woman. She has a great range as an actress, and has the peculiar ability of being able to appear both calm and passionate at the same time, which makes her very watchable. In person, on and off screen, she has an extremely elegant bearing, though this is never studied. There is a naturalness and freshness about her – I would go so far as to call it a radiance – that makes her shine without having to overdress. This blue satin dress with its prominent bow was designed to look chic and effortless, and mirrors the special character of the woman who is wearing it.Roberta Armani, Head of entertainment and VIP relations, explains the must-have elements for any iconic evening look.‘The Armani way, which I have had imprinted on my heart and soul by my uncle, is to look elegantly timeless.’‘Giorgio often quotes his mother, from whom he learned this maxim: if you want to create beauty, do only what is necessary and nothing more. This is the philosophy behind his design, and you see it in his red carpet looks.’‘Glamour is about being stylish, restrained and engaging the observer’s imagination. [A look] should never be memorable for the wrong reason. An outfit should showcase the wearer’s personality and never be a disguise.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some days (okay, four out of five), our lunch break is spent sitting at our desks star­ing down an ever-grow­ing in­box while we fork at yes­ter­day’s left­overs. Bleak. As over half of us (52 per cent) are al­ready spend­ing this hour-off surf­ing the web we might as well be pro­duc­tive about it.It's now nearly Christmas, which means that winter is well and truly here. Seeing the amount of new coats, dresses and boots on offer may feel slightly overwhelming but fear not: this Lunchtime Shop will bring you all the best new pieces that you can wear now and well into next season. After all, with an increasing awareness of fast fashion's impact on our planet, it's necessary to make smart purchases; things that will be in your wardrobe forever, and that you'll always love wearing.From the best of the wear-forever high street buys to the most beautiful pieces from all of your favourite designers, these are the things worth investing in. If a lunch break is really the only thing worth looking forward to on some work days, you may as well make it extra special...These sell-out boots have just landed at Net-a-Porter, where I doubt they'll be for very long. So popular are Grenson's boots, trying to get your hands on a pair for the last couple of months is a nearly impossible task. Comfy, stylish and built to last, these will be your new best friend. A midi skirt is a great investment for the colder months. You can pair it with cosy knits, tights and boots without worrying about the weather and you can also wear it for smarter occasions with cami tops or tailored jackets and heels. This one from Topshop will be super versatile – you'll be wearing it this time next year, too. Chances are, it's also included in the brand's Black Friday discounts. Lulu Guinness has a new creative director, David Hodgson, who has previously worked with everyone from Coach to Loewe and Strathberry – one of the Duchess of Sussex's preferred brands. Now, he's bringing his magic to the beloved British brand with a collection of super-chic top handle bags and whimsical totes. The result will both remind you of why you loved Lulu Guinness in the first place and convince you to buy into it all over again. The Bibi bag is a celebration of traditional British pastimes, as seen through Hodgson's very stylish eye. I'm obsessed. You may have noticed that oversized, puff sleeve dresses are ubiquitous at the moment, largely thanks to the influence (and succesS) of designers like Simone Rocha, Shrimps and Cecilie Bahnsen. This & Other Stories midi is everything you could possibly want in a dress – easy to wear, comfy and stylish. Sold. Hiking-style boots are not a new trend but they're still going strong and this is one of the best pair I've seen. I want to wear them with floaty midi dresses or with jeans and an oversized knit at weekends. Also, if we do get any snow or dodgy weather, my footwear will actually be practical for once. You don't have to be hitting the slopes to find an excuse to wear Perfect Moment. While its super-chic collection of knits, outerwear and activewear is designed to be performance-enhancing and practical but it also looks great, too. I've never been skiing in my life but I have the urge to wear this cosy jumper with jeans and ankle boots at the weekend. This dress has been the talk of the town and it's not even December yet. Despite that, this velvet Ghost dress has been heralded as the perfect party piece – and it's not hard to see why. It really is a dream, and not so festive that you won't be able to wear it throughout the rest of the year. I'm sold. It is, without doubt, officially the season of the jumper. And no jumper could be more luxurious than that of the cashmere variety, particularly when it costs less than £100. This one from Violeta will cheer up anything black and will look lovely with jeans at the weekend, too. These might just be the perfect leopard boots – and I don't say that lightly. I've been looking for a pair ever since my old ones were worn into submission (I did wear them almost every day throughout four consecutive winters). L.K.Bennett is generally brilliant for shoes but these are definitely one of the best pairs on offer right now. If you're not familiar with Boden's coats, you're in for a treat. Every year, the high street brand produces lovely outerwear that looks far more expensive than it is, and this Teddy coat is a prime example. Ideal now the weather's colder, it looks just as good over jeans as it does midis and boots. Shopping for jeans of any kind can be a vaguely traumatic experience – and one that is nigh-on impossible online. To help combat this, Amazon has launched Destination Denim, a new online shopping service which brings together over 800 pairs of jeans from over 50 brands. There's an exclusive collection from Tommy Jeans, too, and a wealth of interactive features to help you find your perfect pair. If you haven't yet had a look at Reserved's Premium Quality collection, it's definitely worth doing so. From luxe coats to cashmere jumpers for less than £100, it's full of lovely pieces you'll want to keep forever. This skirt is no exception – it's smart enough to be dressed up for work but will also be ideal with T-shirts and trainers at the weekend. This Korean designer has become my go-to for comfortable, yet stand-out shoes, and these slingbacks are a prime example of that. While they work perfectly with jeans and oversized shirts, they're also the ideal pair of going-out shoes that you can still walk in at the end of the night. This dress is something of a departure from Reformation's usual designs, but it's a very welcome one indeed. From afar, the print looks abstract but it actually depicts the Greek goddess Persephone and the monochrome palette is incredibly striking. Wear for special occasions and events, sure, but I'm also contemplating layering over a fine black polo neck and adding sheer tights. The London-based brand Paradise Row is one to definitely keep your eye on. The bags are not just beautiful, they're original and hand crafted in East London. This one in particular is the product of a collaboration with the artist Venetia Berry and it certainly blurs the line between fashion and art. It's undoubtedly a sound investment. What part of incorporated mittens needs explaining here? Mango has taken us all back to our childhoods, when coats came with free hand warmers as standard. Now, we can all relive that dream with this excellent puffer coat that you probably won't ever want to take off, judging by the current weather. It is just over a month until Christmas, which inevitably means that the words 'party season' are about to enter our collective consciousness once again. Whatever this may mean for you, it is quite a good excuse to invest in a new bag – preferably one that allows you to go hands-free (better for dancing, holding mulled wine and other such festive activities). Furla's new printed style is one of the best I've seen – plus it's not SO festive that it will look incongruous come January. This is, quite possibly, the perfect jumper. It's easy enough to wear that it will work with jeans on a casual day, but can easily be dressed up at a moment's notice. Designed by IN.NO, the London-based brand makes all of its pieces in limited availability, making it a more conscious way of buying clothes. From feather trims to beautiful organza pieces, this is definitely one brand you might want to bookmark. It's black, it's velvet, it's midi in length and it has long sleeves. It's like I've found the oracle of all party dresses. You could, depending on circumstance, even wear it to work and then dress it up for evening. This is definitely something you'll reach for in your wardrobe over and over again. Did I know that I wanted a cardigan with buttons made in the shape of Zeus, Aphrodite, Medusa and Athena: some of Greek mythology's biggest ballers? In short, no. But having seen Hades' new Carrington cardi, I really do. As reported last week, the cardigan is big news and this is one of the best I've seen. They're also all made to order and the buttons are handcrafted, so it feels more bespoke. If you're looking for a new pair of trainers that are a more sustainable choice, look no further than Good News, which is now available on Net-a-Porter. It has a lovely selection of shoes and the brand uses non-toxic, soles made from recycled rubber ground down from car tires. This pair with pastel laces are my favourite. Uterqüe's accessories are some of the best around, particularly in terms of excellent hairbands. This little beauty is a party piece when paired with your after-dark wardrobe but could equally enliven jeans and a T-shirt on a rainy Friday morning... After conducting some extensive research, Selfridges found that 74% of UK consumers think that retailers could do more to educate and guide consumers to shop more sustainably. As a result, it has just launched a huge sustainable offering comprised of fashion, beauty and homewares. Olivia Rose is one designer that's part of Selfridge's Better Buying scheme. Her handmade dresses have already lit up Instagram – this is possibly one of the chicest ways to combat landfill. .While any jumper will keep you warm, none look quite as good as this. Self Portrait's knitwear is definitely one to seek out if you're on the hunt for beautifully made, striking pieces that will make an old pair of jeans look better than ever. It's love. Coloured leather is all over the place at the moment and, since it recently had the Meghan Markle stamp of approval, it's selling fast, too. This Kitri skirt is an utter delight – it's a statement without being too much, it will last forever and it's the perfect partner to cosy knits. You may never take it off. The clocks have gone back and there's a chill in the air, so what better time to invest in a pair of hard-wearing boots that you can wear every day despite what the weather may (or may not) be doing? These stompers really were made for walking and will look super cool will midi dresses, jeans and even shorter hemlines, too. You may only want to wear boots, trainers or anything heavy duty that protects your feet from the elements, but now it's (almost) the weekend, you may want to treat yourself to a pair of party flats. No, these shoes are not going to be suitable for early morning commutes in the rain and wind but they will bring some sparkle to your life on a Friday evening when paired with anything from jeans to midi dresses. Plus, come Christmas (sorry to bring it up), you'll already have your party shoes in the bag.I'm sorry to say it but the clocks go back on Sunday, which means it's officially acceptable to start wearing faux fur. This may not be something anyone else thinks about but to me, the first time I even think to dig out my faux fur coat heralds the onset of winter. So, to cheer yourself up, try a bright colour like this pink number from Violeta (it also comes in blue). It'll keep you warm on dark mornings, plus it means you can wear all-black or grey without feeling (or looking) too miserable.These are the trousers for people who don't like wearing trousers. And people that do, obviously, but they need less convincing. Super flattering and versatile, you can wear them with everything from second-skin polo necks to oversized cardigans. They're also a chic alternative for nights out, too – wear with an off-the-shoulder top or a silk blouse and heels. The weather isn't exactly inspiring at the moment, but that doesn't mean your daily outfits need reflect that. Practical pieces can still be stylish, as this Cefinn jumper can attest. It's flattering, comfortable and lightweight enough to tuck into midi skirts or jeans, while the volume of the sleeves give it a flourish. You'll be wearing it all winter. Sustainability is at the forefront of fashion's collective mindset at the moment, so Nobody's Child is a great brand to bookmark now. With affordable prices, quirky designs and extremely wearable dresses, the London-based label produces small collections with a conscience, aiming to avoid landfill rather than add to it. Fearne Cotton recently wore one a white version of this heart print. There's also brilliant knits. Do the perfect boots exist? Yes – Rag & Bone just invented them. These stompers will make rolled up jeans and age-old midi dresses look absolutely excellent, all the while being weather-proof. They're obviously more expensive than, say, the Zara equivalent but certainly worth the investment ¬– you'll possibly never take them off (until summer, perhaps). Chunky gold jewellery is having what can distinctly be referred to as 'a moment' and it doesn't get much better than this chain from Missoma. Part of Lucy Williams' collection for the brand, I'll be wearing mine over a fine roll neck but you could also take your cues from Williams herself and layer over other gold necklaces. Try with a white shirt for work to make your office-wear feel more interesting. A contemporary, cooler take on gingham, this dress belies its under-£100 price tag. Wear it with trainers, wear it with boots – however you wear it, the shirred waist is flattering, the sleeves are great and it can easily be dressed up or down. A real winner.Show me a more wearable pair of leather trousers, I dare you. These high-waisted beauties are affordable, too, and will take you through wind, rain and (hopefully) also some sunnier autumn days. Tuck in polo necks, T-shirts or silky blouses. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The old adage goes that you can tell a woman’s taste by her handbag or shoes. What’s more revealing now is what hangs from her earlobes or wraps around her wrists. Jewellery has become one of fashion’s biggest signifiers of what tribe you belong to, and the category’s renaissance is being led by a wave of women who come with a dedicated cult following. Which one will you identify with?The Kiwi jeweller, famous for antique- inspired diamonds, has a fan club that includes stateswomen (Jacinda Ardern), fashion power players (Victoria Beckham) and royalty (Meghan Markle). The latter wears Jessica’s Tattoo Pendant (its swirl shape takes inspiration from traditional Maori art) and Gypset earrings on repeat. ‘They’re not for wearing once every three years,’ says Jessica, listing holidays, hikes, boardrooms, school runs, black-tie parties and weddings as appropriate occasions. ‘They should be used, loved, cherished and eventually passed down.’ An internship at Sotheby’s, where she learned about the Russian crown jewels, as well as heritage jewellers such as Cartier and Lalique, sparked her interest in jewellery-making. Her father’s antique dealing also played a part: ‘He’d come back with boxes of broken costume jewellery.’ Jessica prides herself on creating modern work. ‘You don’t feel like you’re wearing a twin-set and pearls or your mother’s diamond,’ she says. NHFine jeweller Carolina Bucci itemises the pieces she’s wearing, including the watch she designed with Audemars Piguet, a bow-shaped ring and five strands of beads and links around her neck. ‘I don’t do dainty layering,’ she laughs, ‘but I’m wearing jeans, a cashmere sweater and sneakers so it’s very relaxed.’ There’s an Italian word for this approach – sprezzatura – that Carolina lives by. ‘It means the art of effortlessness.’ The craft of jewellery-making is in Carolina’s DNA. It originated with her great-grandfather in 1885. ‘He used to repair pocket watches and started making bespoke chains for his clients.’ She’s based in London, but her ateliers are in Florence. The city is at the heart of the brand. The house signatures include the practice of using Renaissance-era looms to make the 18ct gold threads in her Woven collection as well as the Florentine Finish that makes her pieces sparkle like they’re covered in diamonds. NHMonica Vinader’s inspiration is a catalogue of anthropological artefacts, sculpture, architecture and landscapes. ‘I’m always sketching, and my bag is full of pencils and pens,’ she says over the phone from New York, where she plans to squeeze in a trip to the Edmund de Waal ceramics exhibition at The Frick Collection. Her references might be artistic, but her pieces are down-to-earth and designed to be played with. Her signatures include semi-precious gemstones, like the Duchess of Cambridge’s green onyx Siren earrings. Monica is also known for her cord friendship bracelets and her personalisation services, from engraving, to the Alta Capture earrings that can have extra links and charms added to the ends. She cites her mother’s Art Deco and 1940s jewellery as her first introduction to the craft. ‘She was generous, letting me wear her jewellery, and I got a real appreciation for the joy of something that’s well made.' NHWhen Rosh Mahtani wants to mark an accomplishment, she celebrates by buying another copy of Dante Alighieri’s Divine Comedy. Testament to the tearaway success of the brand she founded in 2014, Alighieri – a love letter to the 14th-century Italian poet – the Oxford graduate’s Hatton Garden studio is now stuffed with a sprawling range of editions. Rosh describes Alighieri’s medallions and trinkets, irregularly finished as if excavated from Roman ruins, as ‘heirlooms, but told in a modern way. I like things to feel like they’ve been dug up from the earth, as if they’ve already lived a life and are with the customer on the next part of their journey’. To Rosh, who has ‘this crazy emotional response’ to jewellery, it’s more than decorative, ‘it’s a talismanic way of passing things on from generation to generation’. Her fans are linked by a cerebral, poetic sensibility. ‘They’re adventurous and want to tell a story with what they’re wearing. They love the meaning behind the pieces.’ LAJ© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...House Of Sunny is a sustainable fashion brand founded by Sunny Williams. If you're looking for trend-setting pieces with a bohemian flare, House Of Sunny is for you. The current collection is filled with statement coats and ice cream tones, including lots of pistachio. But it's one thing to be a founder of a brand, and it's another to nurture it to grow. That's where Sunny's fiancé Camilla Ley comes in, as the brands' Managing Director. And over the past few years, the brand has amassed an impressive following, largely thanks to Instagram. The Hackney based sustainable fashion brand is anything but conventional, as like most indie start-ups, back in 2011 ‘building a brand without any funds, audience and platforms was so hard’ said Sunny. But it wasn't until Sunny met Camilla at the House Of Sunny launch party that things started to blossom, personally and professionally. Camilla said, ‘My brother's band were performing that night, so he brought me along as it was a 'fashion' party, he thought it would be a good idea for me to socialise.’ Camilla was a Social and Marketing Exec for a luxury handbag brand before she joined House Of Sunny, as Sunny recalls, ‘Camilla showed such passion and was highlighting learnings from her previous jobs, she had a vision and wanted to do more. We talked and decided to give it ago and build this brand together.’Since then House Of Sunny has drawn on digital culture; tapping into social media, ‘chatting with the homies’ and working with the ‘it’ girls of influencers, like @stephaniebroek, Made In Chelsea’s @louise.thompson and model @jilla.tequila. Their online presence became increasingly important as their customers ‘are the inspiration,’ Camilla said. ‘The inspirational vision and girls expand every season,’ said Sunny, ‘we have no limitations which allows the design team to be super creative,’ added Camilla. In a time where all we seem to hear of are the negative impacts of social media, we forget that some platforms like Instagram have been monumental to brand development and individuals. Cara Delevinge recently spoke to Harper's Bazaar about life in the digital age and said, ‘I wouldn’t be big without Instagram.’ Likewise, Sunny said, ‘it’s [social media] really helped us, we feel we owe it a lot.’Continuing to converse with House Of Sunny ‘homies’ over social media, it was only time for the brand to start engaging in the physical world, with the launch of their recent pop-up, located in the heart of London. Their AW19 collection featured in the store is bringing in customers from far and wide, as Camilla recalls three girls from Madrid who visited the store. She added, ‘customers keep telling us they are drawn into the store because of the pastel colours, it's something so different for a winter collection.’ Baby pinks, pistachio greens and chocolate browns, a near Neapolitan ice cream colour palette, Sunny said, ‘It's what our girls dig, we felt it. Further, it's just colours and themes that we are inspired by.’ The chocolate Penny coat is one of Sunny’s favourites, inspired by 1970’s Harlem pimps, while Camilla’s favourite piece is the Blanca skirt, ‘it's unique and its so flattering’ she said.Every piece from the AW19 collection ‘has been made from a recycled fabric or some form of improvement in its build,’ Sunny said. Camilla added ‘it's our most sustainable collection yet, we're on this journey and making big improvements each season.’ As the brand champions sustainability, the store does too, carrying a selection of other sustainable, indie brands, such as sunglasses brand Neon Hope, skincare brand Wild Source and Scandi brand Phine jewellery.Sunny and Camilla are at the store most days, ‘It's our first physical central London space so it’s important to us. Plus we both love meeting the homies,’ Camilla said. Spending nearly all of their time together on a professional and personal basis, do they ever butt heads? It would seem so, but then what couple doesn't? Sunny said, ‘we are learning to deal with our emotions and drive professionally’, while Camilla added they do disagree ‘but only because we both care. We were both so passionate about making the right decision for the brand and it's so rewarding celebrating results together.’Visit the House of Sunny pop-up store at 45 South Molton St, Mayfair, London W1K 5RU.READ MORE:If You Love Rejina Pyo Then You Need To See House Of Sunny© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sotheby's may be about to make your Christmas dreams come true. The auction house is currently hosting an online sale of over 177 lots from a private collection of Chanel. Live now and running until 5 December, there are clothes, bags and accessories available, with some expected to sell for more affordable prices than you might expect. While, obviously, there are no set prices, Sotheby's has outlined the amounts it expects specific pieces to fetch. Some bags are thought to sell for between € 500- € 2500 (around £426- £2130), while some lots consist of multiple accessories – one is a chain belt and bracelet thought to fetch between € 200- € 300 (£170- £255). In fact, there are bags of every colour, sunglasses, jewellery... a veritable treasure trove of Chanel. Bidding has opened, with many bids already placed. So, it's worth taking your time to look through the collection and figure out exactly what you want and how much you're willing to spend. Click here to see the full auction online at Sotheby's now. May the best woman win.Chanel, SS94 runway. Naomi Campbell walking the Chanel runway in 1994 in tweed and a chain belt showed Karl Lagerfeld flexing his sartorial muscles as he pushed the house codes to their extreme edge. Chanel, SS94 runway. In 1993, Karl Lagerfeld was already keenly aware of mixing creating commercially viable pieces, like swimsuits. The high-low appeal was amplified by the use of muses like supermodel Naomi Campbell. Chanel, SS94 runway.Karl Lagerfeld was quick to spot the power of the supers and was a firm supporter of Claudia Schiffer's career from the get-go. Chanel, Haute Couture 1995 runway.And the bride (Claudia Schiffer) wore white. As soon as Karl Lagerfeld took the reigns of Chanel he began modernising the sartorial language Coco Chanel created for her eponymous label, including the use of tweed and cardigan jackets. Chanel, SS96 runway.Kate Moss at the height of her 'waif' appeal in the mid-90s wearing a blue tweed suit typifies how Karl Largerfeld was able to constantly transform and update this iconic house fabric. Chanel, SS96 runway.Eva Herzigova's Chanel swimsuit was just as iconic in the 90s as when Kim Kardashian wore it in 2018. Prince William with Princess Diana in a Chanel suit, 1997.Princess Diana wore Chanel time and again until reportedly she felt no longer comfortable sporting the double 'C' logo as it resembled the initials of Charles and Camila too closely. Chanel, SS13 runway.Who can forget the hula hoop bag from 2012? This enormous bag, which was later purchased by Kris Jenner, is a prime example of Kaiser Karl's ability to create a 'fashion moment' in other words grab the front page of newspapers with a fun reimagining of a classic Chanel item. Khloe Kardashian carrying Chanel's world traveller backpack.As Khloe Kardashian entered LAX airport in 2014 she swung Chanel's scribbled-over backpack onto her arm. This item was a token from the brand's collection that captured 'Gap Yah' culture. Rihanna at the AW14 runway. Rihanna at the AW14 Chanel fashion show wearing trainers and a belt bag is just a small insight into how far ahead of the trends Karl Lagerfeld was. Chanel, AW14 runway.For Karl Lagerfeld the world was his muse. He was able to turn the mundane, like supermarket shopping and consumption culture, into esoteric, humourful accessories that became instantly collectable. For instance, in March 2014, he transformed the Grand Palais into a Stepford Wives supermarket where models, like Cara Delevigne, shopped for 'Chanel' branded groceries and wore bags wrapped in cellophane. Kiera Knightly at the Golden Globes 2015.The British actress Kiera Knightly has enjoyed a long and fruitful partnership with Chanel, which included Karl Lagerfeld designing her wedding dress - a short white mini with a cross-body Chanel bag. Chanel, SS15 runway.As the conversation around feminism heated up around the world, Karl Largefeld turned the Chanel SS15 runway into a pro-women and equality protest. Chanel, SS16 runway. Karl Lagerfeld explored ideas around sustainability within fashion in Chanel's SS16 runway. Chanel, SS17 runway.With his finger on the pulse, Karl Largerfeld took inspiration from AI, high-tech robots by showcasing the Chanel show in a makebelieve data centre within the Grand Palais. Chanel, Haute Couture 2017.Alongside anointing trends, Karl Lagerfeld was a maker or models, including Lily-Rose Depp. Chanel, AW18 runway. Chanel's sets are notoriously lavish, including the AW18 catwalk that saw a branded spaceship lift off. Chanel, Cruise 2018 runway. As creative director of Chanel, Karl Lagerfeld oversaw the enermous output of spring-summer, autumn-winter, cruse, resort and two couture collections a year. Each show's set was almost as important at setting the mood of the collection as the clothes and handpicked models. Chanel, Haute Couture 2018 runway. The Chanel bride has a very hallowed place in history, something that Sundanese model Adut Akech Bior came to realise in July 2018 when she was the second WoC model to hold this position. Chanel, SS19 runway. For Chanel's last runway collection with Karl Largerfeld present the brand transformed the Grand Palais into a beach, on which Kaia Gerber walked barefoot.Karl Lagerfeld's Most Iconic Chanel Moments. 2of20Chanel, SS94 runway. Naomi Campbell walking the Chanel runway in 1994 in tweed and a chain belt showed Karl Lagerfeld flexing his sartorial muscles as he pushed the house codes to their extreme edge. Chanel, SS94 runway. In 1993, Karl Lagerfeld was already keenly aware of mixing creating commercially viable pieces, like swimsuits. The high-low appeal was amplified by the use of muses like supermodel Naomi Campbell. Chanel, SS94 runway.Karl Lagerfeld was quick to spot the power of the supers and was a firm supporter of Claudia Schiffer's career from the get-go. Chanel, Haute Couture 1995 runway.And the bride (Claudia Schiffer) wore white. As soon as Karl Lagerfeld took the reigns of Chanel he began modernising the sartorial language Coco Chanel created for her eponymous label, including the use of tweed and cardigan jackets. Chanel, SS96 runway.Kate Moss at the height of her 'waif' appeal in the mid-90s wearing a blue tweed suit typifies how Karl Largerfeld was able to constantly transform and update this iconic house fabric. Chanel, SS96 runway.Eva Herzigova's Chanel swimsuit was just as iconic in the 90s as when Kim Kardashian wore it in 2018. Prince William with Princess Diana in a Chanel suit, 1997.Princess Diana wore Chanel time and again until reportedly she felt no longer comfortable sporting the double 'C' logo as it resembled the initials of Charles and Camila too closely. Chanel, SS13 runway.Who can forget the hula hoop bag from 2012? This enormous bag, which was later purchased by Kris Jenner, is a prime example of Kaiser Karl's ability to create a 'fashion moment' in other words grab the front page of newspapers with a fun reimagining of a classic Chanel item. Khloe Kardashian carrying Chanel's world traveller backpack.As Khloe Kardashian entered LAX airport in 2014 she swung Chanel's scribbled-over backpack onto her arm. This item was a token from the brand's collection that captured 'Gap Yah' culture. Rihanna at the AW14 runway. Rihanna at the AW14 Chanel fashion show wearing trainers and a belt bag is just a small insight into how far ahead of the trends Karl Lagerfeld was. Chanel, AW14 runway.For Karl Lagerfeld the world was his muse. He was able to turn the mundane, like supermarket shopping and consumption culture, into esoteric, humourful accessories that became instantly collectable. For instance, in March 2014, he transformed the Grand Palais into a Stepford Wives supermarket where models, like Cara Delevigne, shopped for 'Chanel' branded groceries and wore bags wrapped in cellophane. Kiera Knightly at the Golden Globes 2015.The British actress Kiera Knightly has enjoyed a long and fruitful partnership with Chanel, which included Karl Lagerfeld designing her wedding dress - a short white mini with a cross-body Chanel bag. Chanel, SS15 runway.As the conversation around feminism heated up around the world, Karl Largefeld turned the Chanel SS15 runway into a pro-women and equality protest. Chanel, SS16 runway. Karl Lagerfeld explored ideas around sustainability within fashion in Chanel's SS16 runway. Chanel, SS17 runway.With his finger on the pulse, Karl Largerfeld took inspiration from AI, high-tech robots by showcasing the Chanel show in a makebelieve data centre within the Grand Palais. Chanel, Haute Couture 2017.Alongside anointing trends, Karl Lagerfeld was a maker or models, including Lily-Rose Depp. Chanel, AW18 runway. Chanel's sets are notoriously lavish, including the AW18 catwalk that saw a branded spaceship lift off. Chanel, Cruise 2018 runway. As creative director of Chanel, Karl Lagerfeld oversaw the enermous output of spring-summer, autumn-winter, cruse, resort and two couture collections a year. Each show's set was almost as important at setting the mood of the collection as the clothes and handpicked models. Chanel, Haute Couture 2018 runway. The Chanel bride has a very hallowed place in history, something that Sundanese model Adut Akech Bior came to realise in July 2018 when she was the second WoC model to hold this position. Chanel, SS19 runway. For Chanel's last runway collection with Karl Largerfeld present the brand transformed the Grand Palais into a beach, on which Kaia Gerber walked barefoot.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For the majority of the 2010s, if you’d asked me what I wanted from a handbag, the answer – although I wouldn’t have admitted this of course – would have been that it needed to be noticeable. Sure, the specifics and brands would have varied from season to season, but the common thread was that the bag should be recognisable from a glance. Forget its practical purpose, the main job of a bag was to semaphore one’s style, status and spending power to the world. Let’s put it down to a potent mix of insecurity and Instagram.But, now, there is a kickback happening. If the last decade was dominated by clickbait fashion, now there is a move towards quieter pieces that are devoid of flashy logos and telling design details (see: Khaite, Chylak, Little Liffner and the ultra-minimal versions of Loewe’s new Postal bag). Made to last not a season, but a lifetime, this new breed of bags whisper style rather than shout fashion. Welcome to the era of the anti-it bag.Leading the charge is Danielle Corona, the woman behind Hunting Season. ‘It doesn’t feel like something that’s trying too hard,’ she says of the collection of ‘modern heirlooms’, which is made in her native Colombia (woven styles, for instance, are created by female artisans in southern Colombia, using techniques passed down through generations). With woven detailing and a spacious interior, The Drawstring is an elevated option for every day. Shop this silhouette now on @netaporter.A post shared by  Hunting Season (@huntingseasonnyc) on Sep 2, 2019 at 9:17am PDTYou know the woman who rocks up somewhere wearing jeans and a sweater but, thanks to the specific cut of the jeans and the very particular shade of the knit, manages to make it look like the only thing you ever want to wear again? Hunting Season bags are the accessory equivalent of that. Classics reimagined through a contemporary lens, the bags are created with an impeccable eye for design and an authentic appreciation of craftsmanship. Highlights include the signature Trunk bag, a rounded design that calls to mind a ridiculously sophisticated lunchbox, slim Envelope clutches, sumptuous evening pouches, and supremely sleek top handle handbags that would bring a shot of Kennedy/Radziwill elegance to even the scruffiest among us. Introducing the Resort 2020 Collection: classic styles—and new silhouettes—in a rich palette inspired by the natural world. Discover it online now at the link in bio. Campaign photography by @romainlapradeA post shared by  Hunting Season (@huntingseasonnyc) on Nov 27, 2019 at 3:08pm PSTThe Hunting Season woman is, says Danielle, ‘someone who appreciates luxury but values discretion. She walks into a room and isn’t desperate for attention, but always gets noticed’. Nicole Kidman, Charlize Theron and Kaia Gerber are all fans. Katie Holmes, the end-of-decade’s plot-twist style icon, thanks to her adoption of an luxuriously anonymous pieces that are ridiculously covetable, has also been spotted wearing the leopard print Gigi trunk recently. Katie Holmes giving back with our leopard print Gigi Trunk, available now on @farfetch. #WomenofHSA post shared by  Hunting Season (@huntingseasonnyc) on Nov 17, 2019 at 2:13pm PSTThe fashion world might only be catching on now, but Danielle – a CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund finalist – founded Hunting Season back in 2006. When she looks at pictures of herself from 10 years ago, she’ll likely be wearing the same clothes as now; the bags chime with her own personal style sensibility. Certainly the confident, considered designs have not just cross-seasonal but cross-generation appeal, which makes them a savvy, sustainable investment. ‘When I buy things I buy them to work around my life,’ explains Danielle. ‘It doesn’t feel trendy, but does feel relevant’.Relevant is the key word here. Sure, Hunting Season and their impeccable ilk don’t bombard you with their glaring it-ness, but that only serves to make them more desirable. If bags are the temperature gauge of the sartorial climate, then they would suggest that we’re due a revival of personal style, and a move away from theatrical trends and flashy consumption. ‘The bags are meant to compliment the woman,’ says Danielle. ‘Not steal the show’. How refreshing. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Few things make you more likely to go to the gym than having work-out wear that you're desperate to put on. So, if your motivation for squats is subsiding as Christmas draws closer, you'll be relieved to hear that cult favourite Alo Yoga has got a massive Black Friday discount going on.They're usually around £88, but today they're going for £61, which is pretty good for high-end leggings. Alo Yoga describe the leggings by saying: 'Our all-star, street-ready Moto gets an on-trend update in our patented High-Waist Moto Legging. It’s the lifting fit, contouring mixed matte/shine fabric and forward mesh panels of the original, now with a hold-it-in five-inch waistband. Om-azing.'The Amazon reviews seem to agree that they're something special, with 61% five star reviews, and people commenting that they're just as great for the gym as they are for wearing to brunch or a bar.While we're not proud of the fact we want them because celebrities like them, it doesn't hurt that some of the most stylist women in the world (Hailey Bieber, Gigi Hadid, Halle Berry) all seem to regard the leggings as wardrobe staples.You can shop from Alo Yoga directly here (they have more colour and size options on their own site), or you can buy them via Amazon.If these are just a bit out of budget, we've got some other ideas too...Credit: BodenBoden claim their supersoft leggings always keep their shape and now have a wider waistband and slightly higher rise – so they're more flattering, supportive and comfortable than ever. Women's favourite leggings, £22.00, BodenCredit: topshopWork out or dress down in style with Topshop's high waisted leggings with elasticated waist with Topshop logo. Wear them to the gym or style them with everyday looks.High Waisted Leggings, £12.00, TopshopCredit: V by Very These body sculpt leggings are perfect for curves. The handy control panel keeps wobbly bits tucked in - but most importantly doesn't hide those gorgeous curves. Body Sculpt Control Panel Legging, £22.00, V by Very Curve Credit: H&M For the perfect wet-shine look, without paying the huge price tag for real leather, H&M's leather-look leggings are a go-to wardrobe piece. Leather look leggings, £17.99, H&M Credit: UNIQLOUniqlo's maternity leggings are made of stretchy jersey knit material, offering you comfort and confidence right through your pregnancy.Maternity leggings, £12.90, UniqloCredit: AdidasFeaturing the famous three stripes, Adidas leggings are the perfect staple for couch-lovers and gym-goers. adidas Originals three stripe leggings in black, £28.00, asos.comCredit: M&S These M&S jeggings have a special Bum Lift technology and cotton rich fabric designed to keep your derriere looking pert all while remaining highly comfortable. Cotton Rich Jeggings, £15.00, M&SCredit: MissguidedMissguided have got tall gals (5"7 and over) sorted with their cropped tall leggings. Available in navy, black, rust and brown. tall navy cropped leggings, £12.00, MissguidedCredit: GymsharkKeeping you supported, fresh and styled, the Illusion Leggings are a vibrant take on classic high-waisted gym leggings.Illusion leggings, £24.00, gymsharkCredit: George @ ASDAShake up your essentials wardrobe with the on-trend print of these leggings. With an elasticated waistband, full length legs and a daring leopard print, they're a perfect choice for weekend dressing. Leopard Print Leggings, £10.00, George @ ASDA© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This Black Friday, ASOS has gone big, which means that our baskets will be full of savings. And before you go into auto-pilot just shopping for clothes, shoes and accessories, remember ASOS has a great beauty selection and homeware, too. There's also 25% off the marketplace.If you're still looking for that perfect Christmas party dress, there's plenty of velvet, sequins and tulle to go around. Maybe you're on the hunt for your boyfriend's present, something for your brother or even your Dad – head to the menswear section, which also includes ready-made gifts.Best of all is the news that this discount applies to everything, not just ASOS' own brands. Not that we don't love ASOS White but it means you can get the likes of & Other Stories, House of Holland and Mango for less, too.To help, we've picked some of our favourites...READ MORE:Black Friday: All The Very Best Deals And Discounts That You Should Take Advantage OfWhat Are The Very Best Black Friday Beauty Deals This Year?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christmas wouldn’t be Christmas if we didn’t receive a shiny, luxe beauty surprise – even if that means treating ourselves. But with a gazillion to choose from, where to start? Well don’t fear, for we have left no stone unturned and curated the 15 top sets on our wish list. So, whether you prefer luxury fragrance layering, jade rollers or indulgent bath sets, we have it covered – no matter what your budget.It doesn't get much more Christmassy than this jewel-toned eyeshadow palette from cosmetic staple, Bobbi Brown. Prepare to transition from AW19 to SS20 with these seven ultra-blendable, pigment-rich shades, which will take you from Christmas into the New Year and beyond.If you know someone who deserves some serious me-time, but is short of said time, then may we present you with this aromatherapy bath and shower oil set. This 'wardrobe' contains 10 different oils – all designed to support them in whatever area they require. They will literally feel their bodies unwinding as they inhale. Pop us on the list for Revive Morning ¬– if there's a better way to start the day, then we'd like to know what it is... Give the gift of protection, luck and harmony with this dreamy limited-edition trio. The colourful set comprises Protective Pine, Lucky Flowers and Blissful Amber, all of which work either in unison or as luxurious stand-alone scents. And this being Diptyque, these candles not only smell sublime, but also look good too: we love the folksy-style illustrations, which will compliment our winter décor perfectly. Forget the traditional bad joke and hat, these are the only kind of crackers we are interested in. Filled with four unisex bath and shower gels infused with leather, tobacco, black pepper and geranium nefertum, this cracker has enough inside to keep you going well into the new year. Now you've just got to keep your brother's/sister's/boyfriend's/girlfriend's/mum's/dad's (you get the picture) mits off them. This gift box of artisanal soaps comprises nine signature scents made with 100% vegetable oils. Hailing from Portugal, 130 year-old Claus Porto, is our go-to for stylish soaps and we would be (hopefully will be) thoroughly thrilled with this box of art deco hand-wrapped beauties.This set, from cult beauty brand, Sisley, is the perfect way to try out the Black Rose range and establish a new skincare regime that will have you wondering how you've survived without it for so long. Dry winter skin will be instantly revitalised and glow with new-found luminosity. What a gift!Treat someone you really love (ahem) to the ultimate in luxe scent layering from master perfumiers, Maison Francis Kurkdjian. This warm and spicy scent has notes of jasmine,saffron, cedar wood and amber gris, and is pleasingly long-lasting, which means a little goes a very long way. We would be nothing less than thrilled with this Beauty Editors' favourite. Top tip: Their chic gift-wrapping service will be available from November at Selfridges.We are huge fans of Danish brand, Skandinavisk, and not just because of their chic Scandi packaging; we also love how their scents transport us straight to Nordic nature. This wintertime we recommend "SKOG' which is Norwegian and Swedish for 'forest' and has notes of spruce, pine needles, lily of the valley, musk and aged leather – the perfect calming antidote to a hectic Christmas.This cult product is the perfect gift for the party season. Pop it in the fridge to keep it cool, and simply massage the face daily to plump fine lines, diminish dark circles and stimulate lymph drainage – all of which will be crying out for help following a lack of sleep and all those cheeky glasses of wine. Aim for the stars with this affordable set from the vegan brand that started it all. Comprising no less than 6 beauty products to liven their bathing time, this re-usable rocket tin will double as a cute Christmas decoration and can be used year after year. Now that's what we call sustainability. This luxe Red Collection Prestige make-up set by Givenchy is one special gift. Comprising 5 lipsticks and 5 nail varnishes in complementary pinks and reds, the set is presented beautifully in a chic black and red gift box. The perfect gift for a loved one. Or us, tbh. This affordable set from Glamglow is a must for beauty junkies. Comprising of five travel size masks for the ultimate in multi-masking, this set will ensure that every troublesome section of your face is treated correctly. So whether your skin needs clearing, hydrating, firming, dual cleansing, brightening or simply moisturising, you need look no further. This sublimely rich set from Laura Mercier is a perennial on our wish list. It's the ultimate in luxurious bathing and not only leaves the skin silky smooth, but also smelling divine. Infused with notes of tangerine, tiger orchid and heliotrope, and enhanced by almond, brown sugar, coconut and musky sandalwood, you can expect this set to change their/your bathing ritual forever. Interiors junkies will already be familiar with cult Italian brand, Fornasetti, and their gorgeous candles. We are particularly taken with their newest offering which combines the brand's latest iconic image of muse Lina Cavalieri, with warm notes of lavender, thyme and cedarwood. Note to our significant others: this would look perfect on our mantlepiece come 25 December. In fact, we are making a candle-shaped space right now.Proving that the best things do sometimes come in small packages, this chic little set is perfect for those who like a bit of luxury but are always on the go. If space is of a premium, then this is the ideal way for them to enjoy the gentle scent of Ortiga's Sicilian orange groves on their travels. And just look at that Christmassy gold packaging!Stressed out skin? Hell yeah. Nearly all of us are guilty of neglecting our skin through lifestyle, weather changes (read: winter), diet (that'll be all of December) and illness. These in turn create imbalances, which manifest themselves as sensitivity, dryness, redness and wrinkles. But help is at hand with this luxe set from our organic go-to skincare brand, Organic Pharmacy, which helps deliver targeted results to problem areas. Comprising four of their signature serums, this is one of the hardest working Christmas presents you could give this December.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are only so many synonyms for the word 'party' and few do the job as well. I've never been to a 'soirée' in my life, for example, while 'gathering' evokes scenes of warm wine in plastic glasses handed out in offices across the country. 'Fête' doesn't quite communicate the vibe of drinking gallons of margaritas and vomiting in front of a colleague and shindig should possibly be cancelled (am I using that right?). Party it is, then. They're inescapable at this time of year, hence why I'm bringing you my guide to the high street's superior party pieces that will make you feel fantastic whether you're involved with those margaritas or not.Let me preface this by saying that I am a chronic overdresser and I will not apologise for the fact. If, however, the mere thought of tulle leaves you feeling vaguely nauseous, despair not, for there are plenty of low-key options this year, largely thanks to the fact that fashion is obsessed with the 90s. A one shoulder top with black trousers, perhaps (I may or may not have worn my own pre-pubescent iteration of this to a millennium party) or anything monochrome. You could even just wear your pyjamas.As well as individual pieces, though, it's worth looking at collections from the likes of Boden, who has everything from satin wide leg trousers to the sparkliest of shoes. The brand has also made a touching tribute to the NHS for Christmas, celebrating the doctors and nurses who deliver such incredible care around the clock with a campaign featuring staff members dressed to the nines.Kitri, meanwhile, has produced a range of embellished velvet dresses, silk midids, sequin wrap styles and halterneck jumpsuits (what was I saying about the 90s?) so good, they made my heart beat a bit faster as soon as they were available to pre-order.Other highlights include Zara (one for my fellow overdressers – I can't stop thinking about this top) and Topshop, largely for its organza pieces that are currently even more affordable in a Black Friday sale.The only thing I would say is that, in our current climate crisis, perhaps your new party frock shouldn't just be for Christmas. Instead, look for shapes, silhouettes and fabrics that you know you'll wear even when the tinsel is drooping and you're panic buying the latest fitness DVD from a Love Island reject (don't do that).Other than that, go forth and enjoy the party. If it _is_ more of a fête, perhaps go easy on those margaritas.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you love your beauty, the chances are you either a) love your Dyson Supersonic hair dryer or b) REALLY want a Dyson Supersonic hair dryer. Which is why all eyes (okay fine, our eyes) have been on Dyson and their hotly anticipated dryer deals over recent days.And here it is...Sure, the Dyson Supersonic is available for £299 from Dyson's usual stockists (John Lewis, Boots, Selfridges) but this black Friday you can get the bestselling Dyson Supersonic™ Hair Dryer Gift Edition - also priced at £299.99, including a complimentary display stand. The gift is available for limited time only, there's no time like the present.If you haven’t heard about the Dyson hair dryer yet then allow us to introduce you what is probably the most innovative hair tool we’ve come across.You know that bone dry feeling you get when you’ve had your hands in a Dyson hand dryer in a public bathroom? Imagine that power, but for your hair. With attachments for diffusing and drying, the dryer can achieve a professional blow dry without damaging the hair – thanks to intelligent heat control.The Dyson Supersonic hair dryer is the product of four years of development, with work of 103 engineers, and £50 million in investment.It flew off the real life and virtual shelves when it first launched, and now the hair dryer is back, in gift edition for an exclusive period (while stocks last, of course) to mark Black Friday. the FUTURE is now. 🚀 @dysonhair (aka :30 of the secret I kept 🙊)A post shared by  Founder/Hairstylist/DogMom (@jenatkinhair) on Apr 27, 2016 at 12:22am PDT‘Hair dryers can be heavy, inefficient and make a racket,’ said James Dyson when the product launched. ‘By looking at them further we realised that they can also cause extreme heat damage to hair. I challenged Dyson engineers to really understand the science of hair and develop our version of a hair dryer, which we think solves these problems.’ The @dysonhair Airwrap Styler has LANDED 🚀 And it is mind-bogglingly brilliant. Curl, wave and smooth without heat damage thanks to a form of aerodynamics called the Coanda effect, which sees pressurised air bend around a curved surface. Swipe to see it in action, then put it on your Xmas list pronto. #DysonAirwrap #DysonInvents @larrykinghair @dysonA post shared by  Joely Gabrielle Walker (@joelygabrielle) on Oct 10, 2018 at 5:06am PDTBeauty Director Joely Walker tried out Dyson’s Airwrap Styler earlier this year, when we asked her if it’s something we should add to our Christmas list she said: ‘Hell yes. That said, if you’re still unsure on how it would work for your hair type and styling abilities, and you live near London, book in for a free blow-dry at the Dyson store on Oxford Street so they can show you the ropes and you can try before you buy.'(WARNING: You may get sidetracked into the Vacuum cleaner section for a good hour or so. Or was that only me?)’READ MORE: What Are The Best Black Friday Fashion Deals On Offer This Year?READ MORE: How To Enjoy Black Friday If You're Also Worried About The Planet And Want To Shop Sustainably© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The past year has seen Tyler Mitchell become the first African American to shoot a cover of American Vogue in its entire 125 year history (for the September 2018 issue), while Nadine Ijewere became the first black woman to ever shoot a cover of any Vogue in its global history. It has been a watershed year for black creatives, with a new wave of image-makers and stylists breaking through to change the landscape of the industry. So, Antwaun Sargent’s debut book ‘The New Black Vanguard’, chronicling the historic moment, feels like a cultural milestone in and of itself.By definition, a vanguard consists of a group of people trailblazing in their ideas and developments. But while Sargent's book celebrates such individuals, it also pays homage to those who have come before, including Gordon Parks and Anthony Barboza (the first photographer to shoot supermodel Iman in the 1970s), the latter of whom writes an essay exploring the black fashion image from the mid-nineteenth century to our present day. Then come the chapters celebrating the work of the new vanguard, which includes Awol Erizuku, the Ethiopian-American artist responsible for Beyoncé's pregnancy portrait; Micaiah Carter, the Brooklyn-based photographer; Ruth Ossai, the Nigerian photographer who has shot campaigns for Fenty; Stephen Tayo, the Lagos-born photographer and multi-talented Daniel Obasi, art director, stylist and photographer. Published by Aperture, it combines 221 images with a spotlight on 15 of the world’s most-watched emerging photographers, recasting perceptions and warped narratives frame by frame. Many of the images in the book have made headlines, such as Mitchell’s portrait of Beyoncé for that historic cover of Vogue. It was so momentous – the singer in a shimmering sequined Valentino gown and metallic Philip Treacy headdress, leaning on a bouquet on top of a Grecian column – that the Smithsonian’s National Portrait Gallery acquired it for its permanent collection in August of this year. Just last weekend, British-Ghanaian Campbell Addy, another notable presence in the book, became the first black photographer to shoot Naomi Campbell in a mainstream fashion shoot in 33 years. Sharing the images on Instagram, Addy wrote: 'It’s a very surreal moment after the longest flight of my life and to see this be shared with you all. Firstly to have shot the icon that’s Ms Naomi and two for her to reveal that it’s the first time in over THREE decades that she’s been photographed by another black person in mainstream fashion... let that sink in people... I am very blessed to be alive and working today, so thank you to everyone that’s made my existence possible. Here’s to many more shoots together.'As the book hits shelves this month, Daniel Obasi, the multi hyphenate who is at the heart of the new vanguard movement, sits down to discuss his work, the importance of representation and the significance of this publication.'Why not now? The New Black Vanguard for me signifies a great meeting point for amazing black artists – not just fighting for representation but creating a space to flourish. I would say it’s an honour to be included but the author, Antwaun [Sargent], has always been there from the beginning of my career. It just feels like a full circle. The book really inspires.''I think we are all trying to make the world a better place. What better way to do that than by welcoming everyone’s diverse opinions? I believe we build better relationships when we understand each other’s differences and respect individual cultures. If we are all seated on a table with our different backgrounds and experiences and constantly opening a dialogue on all issues affecting us a human race, I think the world would move forward faster and a lot of mistakes plaguing us today wouldn’t even exist.''My greatest inspiration has always come from women. My first introduction to fashion and arts was through my mother and aunts. My first fashion internship was with my mentor Funmi Fagbemi. So in a better world, or tomorrow, I don’t think female creatives should still be a minority. The level of impact their works have is so big and often becomes a landmark or a turning point for us. The works of my friend Ruth Ossai, who is featured in the book, takes you back to a contemporary style of photography that I grew up with as a kid – going to a studio, mostly a small makeshift one, and posing in front of an animated or colourful backdrop. Every Nigerian has experienced that at least once. So, it’s beautiful seeing her preserve and repurpose that form of photography in a world that is edging further into minimalism.''My friends Christina Nwabugo, Yagazie Emezi, Eloghosa Osunde an amazing writer and photographer, stylist Bee Diamondhead and Filmmaker Daisy Zhuo.''Honestly, I think we have all just been creating out of our different and unique experiences. I started my career not even sure I had a future in it, just a belief that my voice matters. Social media has helped in forming a bridge for us all to find ourselves. I think the world is just catching up with the amount of energy that has always been here. It’s beautiful to see.'The New Black Vanguard2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since Barbara Palvin was discovered on the streets of Budapest by a model scout, she has forged an impressive career in fashion. She was featured in the iconic Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, she's walked for Miu Miu and Louis Vuitton – to name but two major designers– and now, she can add designer to that already long list. For Palvin has just teamed up with The Kooples to co-design a new bag, as well as starring in the campaign with her boyfriend, the actor Dylan Sprouse. So, we sat down with her to find out exactly what makes her tick...'I live in Williamsburg, New York with my boyfriend – I moved here to be with him. I love that it is a little more quiet than in Manhattan, there are lots of great restaurants and we have a beautiful view of the city skyline. At the end of a busy day, we’ll open a bottle of mead – Dylan has a meadery called All-Wise nearby – and just look at the view or play some VR.''Work is often nearby- we recently shot a campaign together for Kooples, down the road in Brooklyn. There is a lot of movement within the pictures, and an elegance and an edginess. Our relationship is very energetic, so I feel like the campaign reflected that. I’ve also designed a bag for Kooples - I wanted something practical, elegant but still rock ‘n’ roll.''Whenever I’m at home - whatever time it is - I get into my pyjamas. It is a huge t-shirt with a lot of holes in it. I’m in a constant fight with my mum and Dylan because they always want to throw it out, but I just love it – it’s so comfortable. We watch a lot of Anime in the evenings - we love Attack on Titan and Crunchy Roll. If we need background noise we usually put on Friends. Chandler is my favourite character because he is so dumb.''I do a lot of cooking but sometimes after work Dylan will cook for me. It will be something very yummy with a lot of unhealthy stuff - the last meal he made me was double fried orange chicken. When I’m in a sad mood he makes me green bean soup.''We go to bed at 9:30, so by 10 I’m usually asleep. I’m a very very deep sleeper. That’s my secret talent - I can sleep anywhere. I can sleep on shoots too - while I’m having my make up done, sometimes I just lie back and fall asleep. But I have a lot of nightmares.''I have my side of the bed, but Dylan does not respect that. He always comes over to my side! I believe that the man has to sleep on the side where the door, is so if anyone comes in and tries to rob or kill us, they get the man first. They’re the stronger ones – he can protect me.''Dylan is a terrible sleeper - he often wakes me up in the middle of the night to snuggle me - it’s so annoying. He always falls asleep when he cuddles me. Sometimes if he can’t sleep, he plays video games because I’m always asleep and can’t entertain him.''The longest I’ve ever stayed awake is 40 hours. It was when I was really little, and I wanted to stay up for as long as possible on New Year’s Eve. I do miss the comfort of home when I’m away, but I have been working abroad from a young age so I’m used to it. I go away for two or three months sometimes. When I am away from home, I travel with my stuffed animal puppy. He is very stinky but he’s lovable.'READ MORE:The Kooples' guide to Los Angeles© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Unfortunately, I discovered The Outnet's clearance sale last night, just as I was getting into bed. Normally, this would not be an issue. I regret to inform you, however, that the sale is so incredible that not only was I scrolling through page after page of excellent pieces (Christopher Kane, Roksanda, Marni, Prada) for some time, I was also battling heart palpitations as I noticed the considerable discounts. Against my better judgement, I decided that I should not keep these to myself.So, what are the highlights? Well, in terms of the most affordable items there's a Marni shirt for £84 (reduced from £565), a Raoul dress for £85 (down from £341), a Michael Michael Kors jacket for £74 (which was £295) and Tabatha Simmons sandals reduced from £510 to £78.But wait – there's so much more. Satin blouses from ALEXACHUNG, silk scarves from Dolce & Gabbana, Fendi sunglasses and tie-detail tops from J.W Anderson.For your own benefit, I'm going to curb my enthusiasm and simply tell you to start shopping because the sale is so good, everything is selling extremely quickly. Whether you're looking for Christmas presents or searching for wardrobe additions you know will last and that you'll wear forever (shop sustainably, folks!) The Outnet clearance sale is a truly wonderful place to start.READ MORE: What Are The Best Black Friday Fashion Deals?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like the rest of us, Angelina Jolie has been taking style cues from Meghan Markle. Case in point when was she spotted on a shopping trip with her daughter Vivienne in Los Angeles. Wearing a beige Gabriela Hearst midi-dress, Jolie paired the dress with a pair of comfortable - but stylish - looking flats favoured by the Duchess of Sussex: the Everlane Editor Slingbacks. Looking typically chic, Jolie completed the look with a pair of black oversized sunglasses.The Duchess of Sussex also is a big-fan of the flat shoes, who was seen wearing a very similar outfit when she was on tour in South Africa earlier this year. Meghan also stepped out in a midi dress, but, instead of opting for the classic black, she went for a red pair of the slingbacks.The best part of all? The shoes are £124, so you don’t have to be royalty or an A-list movie star to get them. They also come in blush pink, mustard, or beige - so there really is a colour to go with every and any outfit. Inspired? You can buy the shoes here. (And, miraculously, with fans this high profile, they’re still in stock.)Take a look at the rest of the looks Meghan wore while she was on tour in South Africa below.Credit: GettyFor a visit to Action Aid on October 1, Meghan wore a cotton dress by sustainable brand Room 502, which... you guessed it, is now sold out! Credit: GettyMeghan keeps it chic for her last day on the tour in this gorgeous belted shirt dress! The Duchess was visiting the Youth Employment Services (also known as the Yes organization) in Johannesburg, which is dedicated to creating new work opportunities in the area. For a visit to Action Aid on October 1, Meghan wore a cotton dress by sustainable brand Room 502, which... you guessed it, is now sold out! Credit: Getty ImagesMeghan started the day in a Banana Republic Double-Breasted trench in khaki, which is now sold out in that colour and a pair of Stuart Weitzman shoes. Credit: Instagram/@sussexroyalFor a visit to Victoria Yards in Johannesburg, Meghan wore a navy Wilfred Shirt Dress by Aritzia, and a pair of orange 'The Editor' slingbacks by Everlane, which are both still available to buy. Credit: Getty ImagesAlso on day three, Meghan wore a £100 Everlane jumpsuit, Manolo Blahnik BB pointy pumps in black and a pair of £174 GAS Bijoux Gormette Circle earrings. Credit: Getty ImagesDay three begins! And Meghan Markle starts the day with a meeting with Archbishop Desmond Tutu wearing a Club Monaco Dremah silk dress, and in case you're wondering Baby Archie is wearing £12.99 dungarees from H&M. Credit: Getty ImagesFor an evening reception in Cape Town, Meghan Markle rewore a sold out Martin Grant striped maxi dress she wore on the previous royal tour, and a pair of Nina Bosch Flora Leaf earrings which are still available to buy for £400. Credit: Getty ImagesWhile visiting the Auwal Mosque in Cape Town, Meghan Markle wore a khaki STAUD dress which is available for pre-order, a cream headscarf and a pair of £85 'Sally Flats' by Sam Edelman Credit: Getty ImagesFor a visit to NGO Waves for Change at Monwabisi Beach, Meghan rewore a £113 Madewell jean jacket, J. Crew Perfect Shirt in Irish Linen which is now sold out, black jeans and a pair of Brother Vellies 'Hurraches' flats, which are £157 Credit: Getty ImagesKeeping her £80 Castaner wedges on, Meghan changed into a dress she's also worn on the previous royal tour: the 'Cary' dress by US brand Veronica Beard, which is now sold out. Credit: Getty ImagesStarting off the tour in style, Meghan Markle wore a Dalitso Maxi Wrap Dress by Malawi-based brand Mayamiko, which is now sold out. And a pair of 'Carina' espadrilles from Castaner which she wore on the previous royal tour, which are £80 and still available to buy. READ MORE: Angelina Jolie And Brad Pitt's Kids Are Shunning Acting For 'Humanitarian Affairs'READ MORE: As Meghan Markle Is Named 2019's Most Influential Dresser, Here's Every Outfit She Wore This Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Can you believe that Black Friday 2019 is this week? The year is seriously running away with us and, before you know it, Christmas will be here. This means that now is the perfect time to get cracking with our steadily growing wish lists. In a shopping landscape dominated by discounts, most of us tend to hold out for the best deals going, and Black Friday is definitely the time to flex our shopping savvy and snatch up some bargains - particularly of the beauty variety.Buying the best beauty products - from everyday foundations and fragrances to the posh primers, eyeshadow pots and lipsticks we love to wear on a night out - are a definite drain on our bank accounts. That’s why Black Friday (and the following Cyber Monday) is a prime opportunity to take advantage of the hefty discounts and beauty offers, and snatch up our favourite designer names and cult brands for less than we’d usually pay.This year's Black Friday will fall on 29 November 2019, making it an ideal excuse to grab those last minute Christmas presents you really weren't up for paying full price for. Cyber Monday - which some say even surpasses Black Friday in terms of sales - will fall on 2 December. Deals will usually run from Friday morning until Monday midnight, with just about every beauty brand in your make-up bag taking part. But keep an eye out - some brands may even go a little earlier to beat the rush, so check back to get the best Black Friday beauty deals before anyone else.Beauty brands can offer anywhere between 10% and 50% off for Black Friday - and, if you’re lucky, it can go even higher on selected names or products. But you need to know where to look. That’s why we’ve pulled together a curation of all the beauty sites and retailers that the Grazia team will be heading straight for on the 29 November to find the biggest and best discounts.We always see great fashion and beauty deals during the Black Friday sales but one brand we're always super excited to snag a discount on is Instagram's favourite retailer, Glossier. Founded in 2010 by Into The Gloss's Emily Weiss, this quintessentially millennial brand quickly became a go-to amongst beauty lovers, thanks to its cult products like Boy Brow, Lid Star, Balm Dot Com and Milk Jelly Cleanser. Last year, Glossier offered a blanket 20% off all Cyber Weekend, and we suspect it will do the same on 29 November. Otherwise known as the make-up artist to the stars, Charlotte Tilbury has a vast and loyal following - and for good reason. Known for her easy to follow makeup tutorials, the cult Magic cream and never taking her make-up off before bed, it's actually rather rare to see the brand discount its products throughout the rest of the year. That's why we'll be looking out for our favourites in the Black Friday deals. Fingers crossed for Pillow Talk lipstick...Cult Beauty is our go-to destination for snapping up the latest Korean skincare products, but we'll also be looking out for hot US lines like Drunk Elephant in the Black Friday sales. Last year, beauty lovers saved up to 25% off haircare and skincare products, gift sets, and bestsellers such as the Huda Beauty eyeshadow palette so we're hoping for more of the same in 2019.Ah Boots, Britain's favourite multi-purpose pharmacy and beauty destination. It may not immediately seem as glamorous as the likes of Sephora, but it's a British high street staple and Boots has been known to have the best deals come Black Friday. You'll no doubt get some great 3 for 2 deals on cheaper lines such as Rimmel, Maybelline, Revolution and L'Oreal, but keep an eye out for discounts on their more premium brands such as Nip+Fab, Pixi, La Roche-Posay, Vichy, Clarins and Origins. If you've been holding back on buying the latest Insta-famous products and independent beauty brands either because of the price or not having used them before, the Showcase Beauty Black Friday sale is the perfect starting point. We'll be bookmarking Neom Organics for the soothing oils and candles, as well as snapping up all the best Black Friday vegan beauty we can find. Beauty Bay is brilliant for getting hold of make-up brands that you won't find anywhere else. There's the Youtuber Jeffree Star's sell-out range, alongside iconic brow pencils from Anastasia Beverly Hills and Isle of Paradise's incredible tanning drops. We'll be making a beeline for those first. ASOS's beauty range is affordable, fun and genuinely good quality, particularly if you're looking for bright colours and experimental finishes. Last year, ASOS offered a 20% off deal for Black Friday, so it's a great way to make the most of some hefty beauty discounts. The department store's iconic beauty counters come to life online, with full ranges from the likes of Benefit, Bobbi Brown and Elizabeth Arden, as well as the ultra luxe designer brands you have to seriously save for such as Tom Ford and Dior Skin. Expect to see them all at a discount for the Black Friday weekend. From the hair and beauty brands you know such as Chanel, Moroccan Oil and Kiehl's to the names you've yet to explore like S5, Pure Aura and Le Prunier, buy your favourites and discover new ones this Black Friday on Feel Unique. We're eyeing up the advent calendar already. John Lewis & Partners operates a price-match policy all year round, so even if the product you're after isn't discounted already, you may still get the price you want alongside the other Black Friday goodies in your basket. It will be checking and responding to competitors' promotions and prices all weekend long so it's worth taking a look from time to time to see what's new in the Black Friday offers.Last year, the world famous department store rewarded customers with a 15% discount on its best beauty ranges, alongside its designer Black Friday deals. You can guarantee we'll be searching Selfridges for all things La Mer, Le Labo, Diptyque and more. Black Friday is the best time to seek out Look Fantastic's incredible Beauty Chest, which is full of some of the most indulgent beauty brands and worth over £360. Look Fantastic has been known to offer up to 25% off, so its a worthwhile saving. Giorgio Armani is known for its gorgeously silky and long lasting foundations, alongside rich lip colours, lovely fragrances and ready-made gift sets. Wait until Black Friday to get the best deals. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tech is everywhere, there's no denying that. It has become an essential part of our everyday lives and it's hard to decide which products to buy when there are so many options. This is Grazia's select edit of the best tech gifts for every budget and the gifts that will keep on giving. If you're looking for a present that will really make life easier (nd more fun), then look no further...If all the noise of the tube and crowds is getting too much, then gift a pair of these. They can find their zen with Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) and the battery lasts up to 36 hours on a single charge making it perfect for travelling. They also come in a super luxe case and are fully waterproof – a pretty great present all round. Smartwatches are now becoming more and more advanced, not to mention more affordable. Not only does this one from Fitbit allow you to do the usual things like track your fitness and the time, it also has the added features of mapping your sleep, the ability to pay for things through contactless, Spotify and it even has Amazon's Alexa built in. This is a great gift if you're buying for someone who hasn't yet stepped into the world of smart speakers. It's affordable, has a new and improved speaker and you can ask it anything which makes it great for kids who are forever asking questions.It goes without saying that this is the ultimate beauty gift – this new edition comes brushed with gold leaf for a real standout hair dryer. You'll really be in the good books if you give this to someone for Christmas. Out of all the smartphones, this one is perfect for the stargazer and dreamer whom you really want to treat. It's Night Sight mode lets you take pictures of the Milky Way and it also features an adaptive battery meaning you can take photos of the stars all night if you so wish. Here's to the fools who dream.We've all had the experience of getting too close for comfort when having to share one earbud of a set of earphones to listen ensemble. The AirFly Pro will change that as it lets you connect two sets of any brand of wireless headphones or earbuds to a device with a headphone jack (like an old school headphone splitter), meaning you can dance together with no strings attached – silent disco for two, please.Some people can't be with their loved ones for Christmas, so if you can't or if you have time to call a friend who is alone, ring them up on skype and let them know how much you love them. It will mean a lot more than any Christmas present ever will.If their Instagram feed looks like they've taken all their selfies on film, but they've never actually owned a Kodak, then hand this over. This portable instax mini link allows up to five people to download the app and create a collage on one instax photo together. What they choose to upload is up to them, so they'll only find out what everyone else has chosen once it's printed; this should spice up post-Christmas dinner…Portable speakers are an essential for any music lover. They come in handy in the summer, on the beach and even in the shower when you want to break out a solo. But with all these situations it needs to be resistant. The Wonderboom 2 is a perfect allrounder. It's waterproof, lasts for 13 hours on a single charge and has an Outdoor Boost mode to really get the picnic going next summer.This handy stick turns a standard TV into a smart TV with just one discreet device. It's also one of the only third-party devices to feature all the main services together like Netflix and Now TV. Plug it into the HDMI port, and soon you'll be having phone calls with Grandma about last night's lip sync on Drag Race. Who doesn't love a massage? A cordless handheld massager is just what the doctor ordered. This one will get those hard to reach areas, and with 3000 pulses a minute, it's the perfect way to relax at any time of day. If the person you're buying for doesn't already own a diffuser, then you're in luck. This present is slightly on the pricier side but it doubles up as a nightlight, looks lovely and has an auto switch off feature if you happen to fall asleep while it's on. It also comes in a beautiful package making it a great gift. Just pop the water and essential oil into the tank, and relax...If you really want to take massaging at home to the next level, then look no further than a full body massaging bed. Lie down, switch it on, and get a full on massage head to toe. Plus if you buy it for your partner or family member, you can sneak in a session or two. This might just become your - we mean their, second bed…This is a mega portable battery for someone who posts updates all the time – the sort who is busy typing out their next novel while waiting in the airport for their next flight. It will keep them charged throughout. It has enough power to charge a MacBook for an additional 19 hours or a smartphone for an incredible 85 hours more. Do they like coffee on demand or, as Shakira once said, whenever wherever? And are they the kind of person to order an espresso after dinner, even at 9pm (not advised)? Then look no further. The Wacaco Nanopresso is an instant portable coffee machine right in the palm of your hand. Load it up with a reusable Nespresso coffee pod (see The Capsulier Lite below) and they'll be doing shots in no time.Now, here's an easy solution to disposable Nespresso coffee pods – make your own with whatever coffee you choose while also saving a bit of cash. Pop the coffee in the top of the machine, pull the lever and voila, your pod is ready to go. Great paired with the WACACO Nanopresso.Up their selfie game with this light ring that clips onto the top of any smartphone. Get ready for an influx of pics.A toothbrush would normally be a strange present to give, but this electric toothbrush is quite a techy gift. It uses Ultra Violet light that reacts with a Titanium Dioxide bar in the brush handle to create ions that suppress the bacteria that causes plaque. Try saying that over a glass of wine at dinner.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Winter gets a bad rap. It’s cold, it’s dark, and come party season it’s filled with social obligations that threaten to bankrupt you both financially and physically. But it’s all made worth it by the super-stylish wardrobe opportunities. Supremely cosy coats, outfit-making boots and escapist party dresses all promise to bring a blast of sartorial sunshine to even the dreariest of days.To nail your winter wardrobe, you need to be meticulously organised, and seek out pieces that deliver on both fashion and functionality. Winter clothes are an investment, get it right and you’ll find yourself wishing it will last forever. Here’s my edit of the six game-changers you need to know now, all available from Canary Wharf, the luxury shopping destination that you'll want to know about. Oh, and if you're free, head on down to Canary Wharf's Winter Fashion Event on Friday 29th November - Sunday 1st December 2019 to watch catwalk shows and browse the shop discounts of up to 40%. You know you want to...Move over ankle boots, this winter it's time to raise your boot game – to the knee. Seen all over the AW19 catwalks, from Fendi to Christian Dior, Marni to Saint Laurent, knee-high boots were styled with everything from culottes to mini dresses. I love this L.K.Bennett croc-effect style, which I plan on teaming with mid-length skirts. The chunky heel offers all-day comfort, while that unexpected green shade is an easy way to pep up a neutral palette.Sirena Green Croc Effect Knee Boots, £450, L.K.Bennett at Canary WharfIf you invest in one thing this winter, make it a great coat. It's hard to play favourites (I've got my eye on everything from super-sized puffers to tailored masculine styles and chic robe coats) but you can't go wrong with a faux fur design, like this one from The Kooples. With its hint of rock-chick swagger, this is a double-winner which delivers big on the cosy and cool fronts. Take your cue from Versace and team with acid-pop slips for an out-there party look, or wear with loose fit pants and knee high boots for the day a la Stella McCartney. Warning: you might not want to take it off.Long Brown Faux Fur Coat, £428, The Kooples at Canary WharfThe party dress might hog the spotlight at this time of year, but a great day dress will work overtime for you. Here's what I'm looking for in mine: midi, long sleeves, a bit boho and versatile enough to last through to spring. Monsoon's daisy print design ticks every box. I'll be wearing it now with my knee high boots and a chunky cardigan, or layering it over a fine roll neck. The added bonus? It's from Monsoon's eco-conscious S.E.W line, which champions sustainable fabrics.Eden Lenzing™ Ecovero™ Daisy print Tiered Dress, £65, Monsoon at Canary WharfWinter without knitwear is like summer without sandals – unthinkable. This season's sweaters and cardigans have graduated to statement status. We'll take them chunky or fine, oversized or cropped, pared-back or embellished. It's hard to narrow down the excellent offerings out there, but I'm sure I can make space in my bulging knitwear drawer for this hairy sweater from Sandro. In less-predictable-than-leopard tiger stripes (seen on the AW19 catwalks at Coach, Paco Rabanne and Max Mara) this is the fiercest way to beat the freeze. Hairy Striped Jacquard Sweater, £260, Sandro At Canary WharfMove over minimalism, what I want from my after-dark festive look is full-throttle glamour. Shimmer! Sparkle! More dazzle than the tree! But going all-out doesn't mean having a complete style bypass, so this season I'll be thinking sleek and chic rather than frou-frou and Frozen in this Maje playsuit, an amped up take on an LBD. I love the pared-back '60s-inspired silhouette; it feels opulent but not OTT.Sequin Playsuit, £269 from Maje at Canary WharfIf you really wanted, you could be out every night now until January. But, in my opinion, one of the great joys of this time of year is staying in. Dark evenings offer up the perfect excuse to hit hibernation mode. That haute way to do it is in cashmere, of course. The definition of lazy luxury, this ridiculously sumptuous onesie from The White Company means I am in danger of cancelling all plans for the foreseeable. If you want me I'll be snuggled up on the sofa in this, bingeing The Crown with an unfeasibly large bowl of popcorn. Bliss!Cotton-Cashmere Star Onesie, £149, The White Company at Canary WharfFor more information on the incredible Canary Wharf shopping destination, visit their website here. Join the conversation over the weekend with @canarywharflondon #CanaryWharf #WinterFashionCW© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There's no getting around it, we're well and truly in the throes of party season. Whether it's the office Christmas party, drinks at the pub or some sort of full-blown, eleganza extravaganza (to borrow from RuPaul's dictionary), this means that party-appropriate outfits are required. For some, this may mean swapping your usual black jumper for something more colourful, while for others it might involve head-to-toe glitter and floor-sweeping gowns. If you really want to know what the coolest gals at the party are wearing now, however, I'll let you into a secret: it's their pyjamas.While it's true that this is one sartorial wave most of us would be happy to ride, largely thanks to potential comfort levels, it's also a fact that I'm not talking about your fleecy numbers that you received last Christmas. Instead, this new breed of PJs come in silk, satin, with embellishment and feather trims. They're the cocktail dress for the Instagram age, as evidenced by the wealth of pictures already flooding social media feeds, featuring a range of party pyjamas.Leading the charge is certainly Sleeper, the New York-based label responsible for making nightdresses so chic that they became the dress of the summer. The satin, feather-trimmed pyjamas have provoked a similar reaction, becoming a going-out staple for the fashion crowd. This success might have something to do with the fact that Katya Zubarieva, Sleeper's founder, designed them with Christmas in mind. And the best dressed goes to @lenaklenke ❤️ Party Pajama Set with Feathers in Black. Available online👆A post shared by  Sleeper (@daily_sleeper) on Nov 1, 2019 at 12:15pm PDT'The idea of launching the Sleeper came up on a Christmas night five years ago,' she says. Adds her colleague Asya Veretsa, 'Every year, like millions of women on planet earth, we face a challenge of what outfit to wear for a festive party or family gathering on a New Year Eve.' Sleeper has quickly become one of Net-a-Porter's hero brands in its sleepwear category when it comes to pyjamas as partywear; so many styles have sold out that the buyers have reordered. When your pajamas stop traffic 🎹 Our lovely @nnennaechem and her “Pierrot” Party Pajama Set in Black and White.A post shared by  Sleeper (@daily_sleeper) on Oct 31, 2019 at 2:07am PDTIn fact, Net-a-Porter has already sold 600 pairs of party PJs, citing Asceno and Olivia von Halle's crystal embellished silk-satin set among its bestsellers. Since 2011, designer Olivia von Halle has been creating super-luxe nightwear that was inspired by the lounging pyjamas worn by Coco Chanel and her contemporaries in the 1920s. So lovely are her pyjamas that von Halle says the brand 'really blurs the line between lounge and ready-to-wear.' And she's keen for more people to embrace this approach.'Initially we had to really educate people that the pyjamas could be worn as ready-to-wear but finally everyone has cottoned on and people love wearing them in so many ways,' von Halle says. 'I think in an age when people are making a concerted effort to buy less but buy well these versatile pieces have really universal appeal - people want to know that what they are buying is going to work for them in more ways than one.' Whoever said 'Less is More' had never seen the COCO ICON. Crafted from impossibly luxe peach silk hand beaded with starburst motifs and embroidered with the slogan 'More is Always More' ✨A post shared by  OLIVIA von HALLE (@oliviavonhalle) on Oct 27, 2019 at 9:03am PDTIt's a growing market, too. Liberty says that it has seen a 68% increase in sales of sleepwear in the last year. It's just launched a brand new sleep collection under Holly Marler, the new Design Director, full of pieces in lovely silk and adorned with Liberty's archival prints. They're crying out to be taken to a party. Similar, Bonsoir of London has seen great success with its 'Party Pant Suit', which is 100% silk and also decorated in prints from Liberty's archive. The brand, which has been making silk separates since 1926, says it has seen a 4,680% increase in people searching for the silk PJs since September alone.Of course, you don't have to wear them as a two piece. If that feels a bit much, try a pair of silk PJ bottoms with a cashmere knit or puff sleeve blouse. Or, tuck a pyjama shirt into your jeans and just add heels and some red lipstick. If you are going head-to-toe, make sure you choose jazzy accessories that make your outfit look deliberate, and not just like you stumbled out of bed. But just think – when you get home in the early hours, you won't even need to get changed.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...2019 has been full of surprises. You'll be relieved to know I'm not going to mention the B word – unless, that is, the B word to which you think I'm referring is bra. As in, cashmere. As in, the Most Perfect Outfit invented by Katie Holmes (and NY label Khaite) in late August of this year, which may possibly be Holmes's greatest legacy, eclipsing even the profound work of Dawson's Creek. That's right, in a move nobody could possibly have predicted, a brown cashmere bra and matching cardigan was one of the biggest talking points of the year, sartorially speaking. And now Zara has designed its own version, thus adding fuel to this fire.At the end of last week, Zara dropped a cropped wool cardigan and matching crop top, much to the surprise and delight of the world's shoppers boasting the beadiest of eyes, who were quick to notice that this two piece looked a lot like Katie Holmes's own cashmere Khaite styles. So delighted were they, in fact, that the cardigan has already sold out. The crop top is only available in two sizes, as the biggest size has also gone.Fear not, however, if you think your dreams have been dashed. Zara is working on re-stocking both items at this very moment and you can sign up to alerts so that you know exactly when your Katie Holmes-inspired dreams can become a reality.While the sound of a wool crop top might sound terrifying, it would look excellent under its soulmate (the cardi) but also layered over white shirts. As for the cardigan, it's a far more practical purchase so will be of great use during these colder months. All I really would suggest is that you only buy both of these items if you know you're going to want to wear them this time next year, too, in the hope of encouraging a more sustainable approach to shopping.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Zara addicts listen up. It's time to give up that dress, refrain from the sales, and take the leap... We're not advising to go cold turkey (we still love Zara, very much), but maybe it's time to think about other options before all you can respond to 'I love that top where's it from?' is with the same answer, 'Zara.' There are tons of brands out there that you'll love just as much as Zara, trust us.We understand that to even think about letting another brand into your Zara-dominated life, you need to be sold on chicness and comfort, but also on cost. The 7 brands we've chosen, and trust us they'll be right up your street, vary from a payday shop, to your average Sunday purchase, so there's something for everyone. Let us enlighten you, and thank us later.Happy shopping…Calling all fans of '70s-style flares and floaty, floral midi-dresses. This cult Danish womenswear label launched over a decade ago, but thanks to Peak Hygge this year, has become our go-to Scandi brand of late.The online-only womenswear brand to watch this season. 'The KITRI girl is smart, fun and creative,' Haeni Kim, former ballerina and founder of KITRI tells Grazia. 'She's tech-savvy, takes her style cues from social media and the women she is inspired by on there.' Expect classic styles with a playful, contemporary twist and prices ranging from £65 to £145. 'New products will launch Monday every week,' Haeni says. 'It will start with 5-7 styles per week, curated to show what we think KITRI girls will want and need in her wardrobe.'The search for luxurious, unisex daywear is over. Enter: House of Sunny. The independent online brand is focused on minimal dressing and super-sized basics - think clean culottes, tees and chic loungewear.Chic, chic and more chic. Paris Georgia has the stylish simplicity Zara has, but with sleeker lines and finishes. The brand originates from New Zealand and is all about celebrating the female form.Zara's (more grown up) sister brand you might not have heard of - although in the UK, it is currently only available online. Chic and stylish catwalk copies for less than £100? SOLD.In need of a Parisian pick-me-up (who isn't)? France's first 'online fashion label' is on hand to inject some serious Brigitte Bardot vibes into your wardrobe, with their spring collection launching mid-March.WARNING: Get ready to spend major £££. We can't get enough this brand's achingly cool colourful tuxedos and statement tops. Chic work-to-pub wear that look 100 times more expensive? Er, yes please.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The words ‘Black Friday’ are enough to strike fear into the hearts of even the most confident shopper - and that’s before you factor in the sustainability issue. Some brands are so against the idea of fevered discounting that this year, they’re staging a form of boycott. Me+Em, founded by Clare Hornby, specialises in ‘forever pieces.’ The Black Friday page on its website reads: ‘We don’t rush when it comes to making our clothes so we don’t want you to rush when it comes to shopping them.’M&S continues not to push any specific Black Friday deals, while department stores and e-commerce giants are also on board, with Selfridges, Matchesfashion.com and Harrods choosing to side-step this year’s sales.Some brands are taking an even more targeted approach. For every order placed on Everlane from Black Friday onwards, $10 will be donated to Oceana until $300,000 is reached. The brand plans to fund a year of Oceana's campaign to try and stop single-use plastic in three major voting markets.Having said all this, general shopping on Black Friday doesn’t have to be unsustainable. With proper planning and an eye towards investment pieces, it can be a great way to buy mindfully at more affordable prices. Here are the no-regret pieces to look out for. And if nothing takes your fancy? Save your money for something that does.Dune London Black Ankle Boot BootsWas £165, Now £132, From 25th NovemberKurt Geiger London Snake-Print BootsWas £239, Now £191.20The lace-up hiker and the knee-high both have wear-with-anything as well as perma-trend status. Choose mock-croc or snake-print in neutral shades.Larsson & Jennings Rally WatchWas £145, Now £101.50A watch is the definition of an investment piece. Larsson & Jennings have classic timepieces at pleasingly affordable prices for the first-time buyer.Missoma x Lucy Williams Gold T-Bar Chain NecklaceWas £215, Now £161.25. From 26th NovemberThe chunky chain necklace is_the_jewellery trend of 2019 and won’t be going anywhere in 2020. Missoma has the best selection at 25% off.Marc Cain Checked CoatWas £405, Now £283.50, From 29th NovemberCoat trends come and go, but a simple collared style that hits the mid-calf will never go out of style. Look for high wool content to guarantee extra warmth.Reformation Aron JumpsuitWas £180, Now £126, From 29th NovemberThe boilersuit was this year’s surprise hit and is a brilliant year-round piece. Layer up with a polo neck, denim jacket and coat in winter and swap for sandals in spring.Joseph Roll Neck Chunky-Knit SweaterWas £495, Now £346.50, From 25th November‘Tis the season of satisfyingly thick knitwear - and Joseph has one of the best statement-making selections. Go bold and pare-back the rest of your outfit.Kitri Faux-Leather DressWas £175, Now £122.50, From 29th NovemberLeather is having a major catwalk moment and Kitri’s faux pieces are a great entry point.GHD Original Hair Styler Was £109, Now £81, sale on nowIf you're yet to invest in a GHD styler then now's the time. They heat up in 30 seconds, deliver silky shiny strands, double up as a curler and are arguably the best straightening tool in the trade.Charlotte Tilbury Glow Kit Bundle Was £99, Now £69.30, sale on nowA primer, illuminating highlighter trio and sculpting brush with 30% off is a steal. Get set to achieve a Charlotte Tilbury Hollywood glow.Oral B Genius X Boots Exclusive Blush Pink Electric ToothbrushWas £340, Now £120, sale starts 29 NovemberOral-B's most innovative toothbrush tracks where you're brushing, has six cleaning modes, a USB travel case and a battery life of two weeks. Clever, huh?Glossier FuturedewWas £23, Now £18.40, from 29 NovemberDesperate to try the new Futuredew oil/serum hybrid? Stockpile while the going is good with 20% off Glossier. Shop 15 limited-edition sets over the weekend that can save you up to 35%, too.Foreo Luna 3Was £169, Now £126.75, sale starts 28 NovemberIf you're serious about skincare, nab yourself a savvy gadget from Foreo. Its latest, Luna 3, not only cleanses but claims to tone and tighten, too.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Savage x Fenty, the lingerie label created by Rihanna, has just appointed its first-ever ambassador: Normani. The singer, who was formerly in girl group Fifth Harmony, starred in the label's runway show earlier this year – a huge performance during New York Fashion Week that, rather than being splashed over social media, was streamed on Amazon Prime some weeks later. As always, the show featured models of different shapes, sizes and ethnicities, illustrating that inclusivity at Fenty is not tokenistic – it is built into the brand's DNA. I’m the first ever brand ambassador for @savagexfenty ♥️♥️♥️♥️✨ !!! I love you @badgalriri ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ I want all individuals to feel empowered and to embrace who they truly are. I don’t always wake up feeling the most confident and powerful, but trust and believe having my Savage X on always helps!!A post shared by  Normani (@normani) on Nov 21, 2019 at 10:42am PSTNews of Normani's new appointment comes at the same time that Victoria's Secret has announced that it is cancelling its annual fashion show, amid diminishing viewing figures and growing criticism of the brand itself. It's no surprise considering the last year, either. 2018's show had the lowest-ever ratings figures; reports emerged of poor sales; and Ed Razek, the brand's Chief Marketing Officer, made headlines for all the wrong reasons when he said he would never cast a transgender model in the Victoria's Secret show. If that wasn't bad enough, Leslie Wexner, CEO of L Brands, the parent company of Victoria's Secret, has been linked to Jeffrey Epstein.Razek left the company this year, only for the brand to cast Valentina Sampaio, a transgender model and its first 'plus size' model, who is a UK 16 – the average national size.It's interesting to compare such a downfall with the rising success of a brand like Savage x Fenty. Rihanna has always said her intention was to make underwear that made women 'feel good', emphasising the idea of sexuality on your own terms – something which sits in direct contrast to a brand like Victoria's Secret, which is still marketing underwear through the male gaze._**_ 'I feel like it’s not about having to conform and fit whatever the standard definition of sexy is,' Normani told US Vogue. 'Rih does a really amazing job of making it universal and having something in the collection for everybody.' “Cheers to feeling sexy, sensual & comfortable in your own skin! ✨🥂” - @devynistyles #SavageXIRLA post shared by  SAVAGE X FENTY BY RIHANNA (@savagexfenty) on Nov 18, 2019 at 5:14pm PSTThe issue of representation is key here, and one of which customers are increasingly aware. Victoria's Secret's move to a more 'inclusive' model line-up smacks of tokenism, which clearly did not escape public notice. Now, it seems, the brand is paying the price.Credit: Getty ImagesCredit: Getty ImagesCredit: Getty ImagesCredit: Getty Images© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Shopping app LIKEtoKNOW.it has reported an 800% increase in searches for leather shirts. This may seem unprecedented, born out of nowhere and for no apparent reason. It's not. It is, in fact, the result of something of a leather-aissance as fashion's most influential designers put it at the core of their collections for both AW19 and next season, too.During September and October's fashion weeks, the street style scene was dominated by leather shirts. They may not sound like the most versatile or easy to wear of tops but they actually boast both of those qualities – and more.Whether tucked into high-waisted trousers or skirts, worn open over a dress or buttoned up with jeans, they have the ability to make any outfit look instantly more interesting, expensive and directional. The street stylers have favoured a top-to-toe leather look of late – one which will still be very much on trend come spring. Everyone from Givenchy to Alexander McQueen showed full-look leather for next season, so buying a leather shirt now will continue to pay dividends next year – and beyond.These shirts are selling incredibly well, too. A number of styles have already sold out, while high street brands have made them a part of their premium offerings. Topshop's new Idol collection, for example, features an oversized black style, while ASOS White has its own, slightly more tailored version. If you're looking for the leather effect without buying the real thing, look to Nanushka's buttery-soft yellow shirt or AWAKE's glossy, puff-sleeve style. Tibi also has an excellent faux-leather number complete with oversized pocket, while on the high street, Kitri offers an entire range of vegan 'leather' in the form of shirt dresses and fitted jackets.With so many options, you really can go hell for leather.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A new red carpet style star is stepping into the spotlight: Francesca Hayward. The Royal Ballet’s principal dancer and star of the forthcoming Cats film is making moves off the stage and screen with her confident and modern take on leading-lady dressing.‘I love fashion. It’s actually – after ballet – my favourite thing, since I was little,’ Francesca told Grazia at the London premiere of Romeo and Juliet: Beyond Words. ‘I’ve always been distracted by shopping and when I’m not dancing, I’m probably shopping,’ she laughed.A relative newcomer on the red carpet, Francesca admits she’s ‘kind of figuring it out’ but her love of fashion is clearly serving her well already. Case in point, for the premiere she chose to wear arguably the hottest label in the world right now – Bottega Veneta – stepping out in a look that was equal parts refined and rebellious: a ruched tulle midi dress with cushioned leather coat, cut out pumps and a pyramid bag. Not to leave it there, she later changed into a stretch-knit dress and poufy clutch bag (you know, the one every fashion girl seems to have right now).The looks felt modern, relevant, cool; a bold statement for a rising star who refuses to go down the well-trodden princess-ingenue or look-at-me sexy starlet roads. ‘What don’t I love about this!?’ she said of her Bottega looks. ‘Bottega is one of my favourites at the moment. In Romeo and Juliet I obviously played a young girl who looks quite sweet and cute, but I feel powerful right now, so it’s a nice contrast’.Despite being an avid fashion fan, Francesca’s IRL wardrobe is grounded in comfort and simplicity. ‘I have so many clothes, but really, I have the same variations of the same thing, usually black jeans, black jumpers, black double-breasted coats,’ she says. ‘When I’m not wearing ballet shoes, I’m wearing pretty tough black boots’.That sense of ease will serve her well on the red carpet. ‘I like it when you’re not fiddling with anything, you just need to feel confident,’ says Francesca. ‘You can just be in the moment and let it happen’.It might sound like a world away from the elaborate costumes and frothy tutus of a ballet dancer, but Francesca insists there is a parallel. ‘I feel like when you’ve got a good outfit on it makes your day, right?’ she says. ‘Before you’ve even started you feel like yourself. Similarly, in what I do performance wise it has to feel authentic and real for me to feel like it was a good show’.‘You can get away with a lot on stage, when the audience is very far away,’ she laughs. ‘You just don’t want to have a costume malfunction, you do not want to be thinking about your costume. Or your wig, or your crown… Everything needs to be secure so you can do your thing’. We can’t wait to see more of Francesca doing hers – both on the red carpet and off.READ MORE: The Activists Championing Change: Meet The Fashion World's Disrupters Who Are Changing The Game© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re one of those lucky people jetting off on holiday for some winter sun before 2019 comes to a close, you’ll probably already be very aware of how difficult it is to buy beachwear out of season. For some reason, the high street seems to think we only want to purchase holiday clothes during the summer months, when in reality, we travel at all times of year.The answer? The internet, of course.But with a plethora of dedicated beachwear sites to choose from, deciding what to buy can be tricky. Which is why we’ve recruited Lily Russo, one half of the mother and daughter act behind BeachFlamingo.com (and a former Grazia girl to boot), for her tips and tricks for buying swimwear; we’ve got the inside scoop on how to be the chicest girl on the beach this winter. Here are her expert tips...I love skimpy bikini bottoms and my current favourite is Reina Olga. The fabric is super soft, they don’t dig in and most importantly are really fun. Australian designer Camilla has really expanded her swimwear offering which means you can now get her beautiful prints on a bikini or one-piece. Honestly wearing her amazing prints just makes you smile.I am all about the tan lines or should I say lack of tan lines. My pet peeve is wearing a dress with huge white stripes across my shoulders or back. Statement swimwear is best kept for pool parties, overcast days or beach to bar events.Visit Beach Flamingo to shop all the latest swimwear ahead of your winter sun break.SEE MORE: The golden rules of spray tanningSEE MORE: How to stick to your diet on holiday© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...M&S, Marks and Spencer’s, Marks & Sparks, whatever you call it, this British high street store is a treasure trove of gems - just ask our Duchesses. Both Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, and her sister-in-law, Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex have fallen for the shop's charms, which puts us in good company.We say we’re visiting M&S for the food and M&S bank, but the reality is clearly apparent if you’ve been paying attention to our wardrobe. Hidden amongst our Percy Pig hoard is a haul of new M&S dresses, bags and shoes. It’s deeply satisfying to discover M&S’ affordable cashmere, bikinis and bras while hunting out the must-have items, like that star print dress or that unforgettable pink coat. But, what’s more, satisfying is proudly telling friends where you get it. They say ‘is that Ganni?’ or ’that must be ALEXA CHUNG’ while you smugly reply, ‘oh this old M&S thing, found it in the sale’.Enough of the ode, what are we buying right now? See our favourite 11 pieces in the gallery below...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘i grew up in British Guyana and watched children play in the streets wearing rags and with no shoes on their feet. I had a wardrobe of clothes and it felt wrong, so I sneakily gave them some of my dresses. That’s my first memory of having a sense that something wasn’t fair. Since then I’ve spent my life campaigning on a range of issues and rose to prominence when I led the legal challenge against the Government in favour of giving MPs a say over triggering Article 50 – the legal mechanism taking the UK out of the EU. The morning after the referendum vote in 2016 I was distraught; not because Leave had won, but because I knew from months of campaigning that neither side had a plan of what would happen next. I thought somebody, somewhere was going to say something. But no one did.That’s the thing with activism; people tend to assume they can’t make a difference, someone else will do it or something simply can’t be true. What I’ve found is the simplest questions are the ones people are the most afraid of asking. So I stood up and fought for our parliamentary sovereignty. I thought more people would join me, but they didn’t. When Boris Johnson suspended Parliament in September I realised I was going to have to do it again. Once more, the highest court in the country ruled in my favour. I’ve never been afraid to ask the simple questions because they tend to be the ones that lead to huge consequences. Unless you call things out, injustices will continue to happen. It can be overwhelming to know where to start, but I don’t tend to look at things in their entirety, I take one step at a time. I’m proud my activism has created an environment where a Prime Minister can’t put themselves above the law now. We live in a democracy and my actions have preserved that. I’ve also found timing is crucial: I first started talking about the need for companies to take more responsibility when it comes to the environment nearly 10 years ago, but the oxygen for the conversation wasn’t there then. Now the timing is right and the world feels ready to address these issues. I’m hoping to get back to campaigning on other issues close to my heart soon. People tend to assume they can't make a difference - that someone else will do it...The danger of activism becoming a trend, though, is that our views become black and white and we make short-term decisions because of the pressure to belong to a certain group or who shouts the loudest. That’s not the best way. We need to inform ourselves fully and look at all the possible solutions first. Being an effective activist isn’t an easy job. Sometimes the most successful activists are the ones who know how to bring people together or can provide the background knowledge to give others a voice.Unfortunately, things appear to be going backwards in terms of respect for female activists and strong female voices. I’ve had my fair share of abuse and I’ve learned, if you’re a woman who sticks her neck out, you have a Teflon coating, know what you’re getting into and accept your weaknesses, faults and failures – then no one else will be able to break you down. I’ve spent a long time working on myself and discovering what my weaknesses are. Now, if someone calls me a difficult woman I can say, you’re probably right, and so? What I didn’t expect was the sheer volume of the daily death and gang rape threats and, most recently, discovering someone set up a crowdfunding page to hire a hitman to kill me. Much of this abuse is related to my race, not just my gender. It makes me cry. It gets to be too much and I need to let it out. But then I get up and carry on. I’m pretty good at compartmentalising the abuse I get, but what hurts the most is the fact my three children are so often dragged into it. They’re the target of kidnapping and death threats and that is truly heart-breaking. We’ve been living on high alert for four years now and it’s exhausting. I’m not a public figure so there’s only so much the police can do, which means I’ve spent hundreds of thousands of pounds of my own money over these three years, when you add up the legal costs, security and people to support me. One of the attacks often thrown at me is that I’m privileged, or that it can’t possibly be my money. Yes, I’m lucky I can afford to protect myself, but my family and I barely go out any more. Saying that, I think one of the most important things we can do is to be involved and responsible in the society we live in. Like anything, activism takes practice. But my philosophy is simple: I wake up and I think I’m going to do my best today.’ ASFashion activism starts everyday when you open your wardrobe‘‘I think i was born an activist,’ says Orsola de Castro, co-founder of Fashion Revolution, the global environmentalism movement she established with Carry Somers after the Rana Plaza tragedy in 2013, which killed more than 1,130 garment workers. With Fashion Revolution, Orsola works to make the industry more transparent. It employs the hashtag #WhoMadeMyClothes. ‘It’s a simple question no one can answer,’ she says. ‘It’s so important to study labels. Would you buy a yogurt without knowing when it goes off? No. So why buy a piece of clothing without knowing if it’s cotton or polyester?’ For Orsola, loving fashion while hating some of its murkier machinations isn’t an oxymoron; Fashion Revolution’s ‘pro-fashion’ approach doesn’t shame the consumer. ‘We firmly believe that the onus for change is on brands to become accountable and governments to legislate,’ she explains. Nor does Orsola agree with demonising fast fashion while letting the luxury sector ‘get off scot free. The entirety of the industry needs to be called into question.’ She admits that ‘we activate when we’re pissed’. What’s riling her right now is that ‘we’ve spent 20 years giving in to scepticism’. But there are also reasons to feel galvanised, like the ‘incredible surge of young designers wanting to put their creativity at the service of something rather than the disservice’. So how can budding Fashion Revolutionaries join the fight? ‘Do some research, listen to your gut, find out what’s right for you. That, and stop thinking of the supply chain as some other land and takeresponsibility for the clothing we own: love it, wear it, repair it. Fashion activism starts every day when you open your wardrobe.’ LAJ ‘ fashion activism starts every day when you open your wardrobe’ LAJIt's not just about one group doing all the work, it's about all of us doing itMUNROE BERGDORF is twirling around in a Valentino floral dress on the Grazia photo shoot, laughing and living her best life. And why shouldn’t she? ‘So much of my work is showing that trans women are normal people. We are multifaceted. I can do Playboyand a Ted Talk. Women are underestimated as a gender, but trans women are especially underestimated,’ she says.The model, who has become a prominent face of the trans rights movement, alongside other global voices such as writer Janet Mock and actress Laverne Cox, has spent the past 10 years of her career speaking out about issues around trans equality, inclusivity and feminism, amassing a social media following of more than 228,000 people in the process, and in turn building a community of engaged change agents in the making.‘I transitioned 10 years ago at a time when there wasn’t a lot of information about what it means to be trans out there. So I ended up having to speak up for myself and it just became second nature,’ she says. ‘The act of speaking up has been so heavily intertwined with my identity, simply because there aren’t a lot of us out there. But it does become frustrating having to explain yourself, not just once but every single day. You become exhausted.’ So Munroe relies on her vast community of allies to bolster her when the trolls – and as a trans woman of colour, she faces many – inevitably attack. ‘If I didn’t have the support of other black women, the queer community and other trans people it would be extremely difficult. It’s about not going it alone.’ She says this is the key to creating change, whether it be in the fight against climate crisis or in the quest to build a more inclusive fashion industry. ‘It’s not just about one group doing all the work, it’s about all of us doing it. Systemic oppression has always been organised. If we hope to overthrow that we need to work together. It’s about not going it alone.’ KHBig decisions are being made about our future by people who won't see the consequencesHow did you spend your teenage years? Probably not running a campaign to end period poverty, lobbying the Government for free menstrual products or putting on club nights at university, where students dress as tampons and dance under banners that say ‘stop taxing our periods’. But that’s what 19-year old Cambridge student Amika George can add to her CV. In 2017, she started the #FreePeriods movement (with a petition that has garnered 300k signatures) after realising some girls have to skip school because they can’t afford menstrual products. She assumed the Government would do something. It didn’t. The fact it is a gendered topic only infuriated her more. ‘As if the issues that affect us aren’t being acknowledged,’ she says. ‘It was out of that lack of response that I felt as if I had to respond.’ She thinks we’re at a crucial time for activism, where young people are particularly politically engaged. ‘Maybe it’s the state of the world now and the fact that it seems a lot of big decisions are being made about our future by people who aren’t necessarily going to see the consequences,’ she adds.Is it thrilling or frustrating that people like her, Greta Thunberg and Malala Yousafzai are having to mobilise communities instead of politicians? ‘In a lot of ways, it’s really cool and exciting,’ she says. ‘But it’s also scary and worrying.’ Because of Amika, the Government has pledged to provide free menstrual products in schools and colleges in England from 2020. She’s excited that activism has become accessible and youth-led; something she thinks social media has played a big part in. She sometimes worries about the commercialisation of issues, but rationalises that if it means an important message is getting exposure, then ‘it’s beneficial’. So how should a novice get started? Get on with it, use social media and find a community to work with, she advises. Crucially, she’s hopeful activism isn’t going anywhere. ‘It’s just going to become something that’s more and more mainstream and normalised in society so we won’t even think of phrases like “year of the activist”, because everyone will be an activist. That’s my dream,’ she says. ASWe must make people confront their biasesMaking people confront their biases is one of the biggest things that we can do as activists.’ So says Sharmaine Lovegrove, who is creating a more inclusive publishing industry through her imprint, Dialogue Books. After years of running her own business – a bookshop in Berlin and a company that found books for film and TV adaptation, she realised different people’s voices were not being heard through books. So she founded a publishing imprint dedicated to publishing people from LGBTQI+, disability, working-class and Black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) backgrounds. ‘It was never my dream to be a publisher, but it became clear that something needed to change,’ she says. ‘I think that when you’re quiet, you’re complicit. Too many conversations happen around the dinner party table and too many conversations are happening in bars, but they’re not actually taken to the street.’She points out that ‘a lot of people who would say they are activists haven’t actually been through anything and there isn’t enough anger. We need a shift in society for there to be greater impact to understand that it’s not about being an armchair activist and walking through London for a cause, it’s about fighting with passion and creating change.’ With 12 authors published by Dialogue in two years and a further 25 to be published between now and 2020, it’s clear she’s shifted the conversation and already made tangible change. But what should we do to make sure it isn’t temporary? ‘Some people have to understand that things were incorrect in the first place. Although there is more understanding of inequality, they don’t want to feel complicit in it. So we have to remind them that we can only do this together,’ she says. ASHope is the ultimate act of defianceSophie walker is on a mission to persuade women who feel disheartened by the scale of an issue they want to change that ‘hope is the most important tool of any activist, because it is the ultimate act of defiance’. She was the founding leader of the Women’s Equality Party and is now chief executive of the Young Women’s Trust (YWT), which supports women on low pay, and believes it’s important to work together for change. She thinks the recent energy and awareness around activism – which research by YWT shows could be a result of young women losing confidence in politicians – should be celebrated. Social media is also to thank for creating movements that are ‘accessible to many more people than can actually physically make it out to a march’, she says.An increasing number of women are proudly proclaiming their feminist credentials across T-shirts or on Instagram. Sophie warns against dismissing activism as a trend. ‘There’s something important about beingcomfortable to call yourself a feminist and wearing a T-shirt that says so,’ she says. ‘It feels as if activists are being scrutinised for everything they do. But now is the time to say what you believe loudly and clearly. Fail up, because the alternative is to fail by doing nothing.’ ASIt's about freedom, expression and being who you want to beIf naomi shimada was to define her relationship status with Instagram she’d probably have to plump for, ‘It’s complicated.’ Her own feed might exude good vibes, but she isn’t immune to the insecurity it can generate. So much so that, last year, she co-authored a book, Mixed Feelings: Exploring Modern Life And The Internet, which ‘spoke openly about how I don’t want to “perform” my own life’. Today she explains, ‘We’ve all commodified ourselves, but there’s a united feeling that things cannot go on as they are. Especially the lies social media sells us about success. Why are you comparing yourself to Kylie Jenner and her Bugatti?’ she quips. ‘She’s a child trillionaire!’The irony is, however, that her own feed is a source of empowerment for her 79k followers, partly because Naomi, who has modelled for a decade but happens not to be a sample size, radiates exuberant confidence. Not that she thinks it’s a big deal. ‘I’m so much more than just a body. I’m smart, opinionated, I care,’ she says. ‘But, especially as women, you could have three masters degrees, be an opera singer, go to the moon, and people would still call you out on your looks! We have to fight that narrative.’She’s also anxious about the terminology, citing the way ‘body positivity’ has been commoditised or co-opted ‘by every girl in yoga pants on the beach’. Another label that causes her discomfort is ‘activist’. ‘We give it away too lightly,’ says Naomi, preferring to talk about advocacy. ‘I was just a person in the industry who was frustrated. I got branded an activist for having an opinion, but I’m not on the front line of anything,’ she says. ‘Freedom, expression and being exactly who you want to be – if anything, that is what I stand for. I think people connect to me because I don’t live a version of someone else’s life. I live my own life, exactly how I want to live it.’ LAJYou shouldn't have to chose between ugly clothes and saving the planetRICHARD MALONE dresses a coterie of indisputably innovative women – architects, writers, Björk – but the one who’s inspired him the most is perhaps his late grandmother, Nellie. His S/S ’20 collection was a touching tribute to the ‘totally forward-thinking, quite radical’ woman he grew up next door to near Wexford, Ireland.You can see her influence in his socially conscious attitude – Richard has become one of sustainable fashion’s most powerful voices. Last year, ahead of the Irish referendum to repeal the Eighth Amendment, which effectively banned abortion, Richard would head home to Ireland every couple of weeks to campaign with Nellie, going from door to door and speaking to people. ‘It was quite hard-core but those conversations are really important. Just opening the dialogue changes people’s perceptions so much.’ Nellie helped cement Richard’s conviction that making a difference ‘is not about an ad campaign or a following’. He doesn’t measure his success in likes, and Instagram is no substitute for grass-roots campaigning. ‘It’s almost like you have the ability to be loud. But in a room where everyone’s shouting, I don’t know if it really gets heard.’In an industry where people clamour to appear #authentic, Richard radiates genuine authenticity. He’s fearless, outspoken on everything from class and education (‘£9,000 a year is a huge amount of money… everyone should have the opportunity’), to fashion’s woman problem (‘there’s a patriarchal way of discussing women’), to big brands’ greenwashing (‘making it look like they’re single-handedly saving the Amazon’). An issue Richard has been consistently ahead of the curve on is sustainability. He has a thriving made-to-measure business and works with recycled and deadstock fabrics, without compromising on cut and quality. ‘You shouldn’t have to choose between ugly clothes and saving the planet,’ he explains. Unsurprisingly, Richard knows that clothes can talk. He wore a Repeal badge to meet the Queen when at London Fashion Week, and a ‘Fuck Boris’ T-shirt when he took his bow at the end of his September show. ‘I really had to wear that,’ he laughs. LAJREAD MORE READ: What Does It Mean To Be A Woman?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Washing your clothes seems easy. You’ve watched your mum do it a zillion times. Whack it in the machine, add the little blue space-age blob, and press go, right? We wish. While you can usually chuck your jeans and T shirts in without any dire consequences (bar that time you left your iPhone in the pocket), when it comes to washing knitwear, things get a lot more complicated.Ok, so most of us don't splash out on expensive knitware and end up wearing a mix of crylic, viscose, nylon or polyester (top tip wash these synthetic fibre knitwears inside out to prevent bobbling). But for those other special pieces here's our top tips for making every jumper you've never washed not shrink to barbie size and get squeeky clean.ALWAYS wash it by hand. Always. For most of us, the easiest way is in the bath. If you don’t have any handwash solution in the house (who under 35 does?) use a bit of washing up liquid - it’s much gentler on the fabric than harsh washing powders.While wool will generally keep you warmer than synthetics, it does need a bit of TLC. Always wash wool at 30 degrees (it will shrink on a high temperature resulting in dolly sized clothes) and use non-biological washing tablets because biological formulas can eat into the fabric and leave you with holes. Wash wool inside out, and if you’re cleaning an expensive or much loved jumper, invest in some Dreft or Woolite - gentle cleaning agents designed especially for wool.Cotton is your washing friend. It’s a toughie, doesn’t need to be washed inside out and can cope with higher temperatures of 40 degrees, but don’t go higher than 60, as it can still shrink. If you’re an aspiring domestic goddess, it’s worth knowing that you should do a monthly maintenance wash at a high temperature, putting your empty machine on 90 degrees, with just a tiny bit of washing powder, to avoid the build up of odour that comes from washing regularly on low temperatures with slimy fabric conditioner. Gross.Chances are you don’t have a wardrobe packed full of fluffy cashmere, unless you’re Miss Moneybags. But if you do have one or two bits you’ve never been bothered to take to the dry cleaners, you might not have to. Most cashmere will say on the label that it must be dry cleaned, although some modern cashmere (check out M&S)&orgPriceRange=5,1350&BRsession=true&sort=default){:rel=nofollow :target=_blank}) can be machine washed. If, however, you really can’t afford the dry cleaning bill, wash at a low temp (30 degrees) and use your Dreft liquid. We can’t promise it will be OK 100% of the time, but for mid-weight and heavy knits, you will probably get away with it. With any delicate fabrics, protect them from too much rough and tumble in a net washing bag, or if you’re improvising, a loosely tied pillowcase.Wherever you can, air dry your knitwear. It won’t just save on your electricity bill, it’s the safest way to avoid your jumper coming out doll-sized. Use your washing machine’s spin cycle to drain excess water, and peg jumpers upside down onto on your airer, so that you don’t get any lines across the middle, or peg marks near the neck. Never hang up soaking wet knitwear - the weight of the water will drag it out of shape.Much like when you spill red wine all over your carpet, speed is key. Blot stains immediately, then use a stain remover such as Dr Beckmann’s Stain Slayer, or Ace Gentle Stain Remover, both of which can be used on all knitwear. Apply, leave for three minutes, and then put on a quick wash cycle.Photographed by Trey WrightThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I found myself standing in a sample sale holding a prized Simone Rocha dress in my size. I don’t need to tell you it was glorious, the designer alone is enough to go on. I was umming and ahhing over it. Was £300 too much at this time of year with so many Christmas drinks to pay for and gifts still to buy? Turning to my friend for advice, she said, unhelpfully: ‘If the label said “Zara” would you still want it?’I immediately put it down and kept on surfing the sale. Seconds later it was picked up by someone else and I felt a hard knot called regret form in my stomach.I can’t stop thinking about that dress.I close my eyes and I see its diaphanous layers and 70 per cent discount.Call me crazy, but it’s given me a new perspective on shopping. Now when I see something I love, that’s well made, that I can’t stop thinking about but is a small stretch outside my budget, I’m going to find a way to make it work.At this time of year, it goes without saying that anything for myself is essentially out of budget. There are presents to buy and too many friends you see once a year but are determined to have a wild (and spenny) night out with. While shopping for gifts for others (I swear!) I found myself browsing Net-A-Porter. Though you could easily spend thousands upon thousands on NAP and not be disappointed, there are swathes of products checking in at £150 and less. There are Laura Lombardi earrings and Ganni dresses, Low Classic trousers and the softest, silkiest sleep mask all within budget. I’ve even found gifts for the family, Diptyque candle and a super chic Acne Studios card wallet. Hence my new mantra, one for you, two for me.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christmas shopping can be overwhelming. You've made a list (and checked it twice), only to suffer through the dawning realisation that you've got 72 presents to buy and about two weeks in which to do so. For some, the main issue is that there's simply too much choice. This is especially true of friends and loved ones whose greatest passion is – wait for it – Fashion, with a capital F. There's a whole world of things you could buy, from a whole world of designers. Naturally, most of us are constrained by a budget, even if we pretend that's not the case, so here is a truly fashionable compilation of items to give to your most stylist friends and family members. Or you could just treat yourself. You deserve it. It's Christmas, after all.While Alighieri, the London-based jewellery label inspired by Dante Alighieri's epic poem Divine Comedy, only launched in 2014, it has already amassed a following of fashion insiders and col girls. Established by Rosh Mahtani, there are medallion necklaces and mismatched earrings, inspired by literature and adventure. These earrings would make for a very special present to unwrap. Organza is one of the breakout trends of the season, so give the gift of being on-trend in this pretty puff sleeve blouse from Scandi cool kids Baum und Pferdgarten. Featuring the new Burberry logo, this scarf offers a multitude of styling possibilities and is made of pure silk, so it feels like something really special to keep forever. Tie it round your wrist, use as a belt or attach to your bag – the possibilities are (almost) endless. A very chic upgrade on the scarf you normally buy your mum. BITE Studios is an acronym meaning 'By Independent Thinkers for Environmental Progress', and everything is made sustainably, with a focus on excellent fit.  Fabrics are all ethically sourced and this striped blouse is a real stand-ot piece for any wardrobe. The brand is part of Net-a-Porter's The Vanguard, which is a new generation of designers and labels to keep your eye on. There's no way this isn't an indulgent Christmas present, so maybe save it for your friend who's been really, really nice this year. Who wouldn't enjoy finding Chanel under the tree, after all? Not many, that's for sure. Lovely pyjamas are always a treat and few brands make them better than Desmond & Dempsey. There's a range of prints and styles to choose from, but this pair is the OG of the label's PJS – and one of the best sets on offer, in our opinion. Dior's Saddle Bag returned to much fanfare last year but given that most of them cost over £1,000, that might be slightly unrealistic for your best pal's Christmas present. You might even struggle to justify buying that for yourself at this time of year, too. So, compromise with the Saddle print logo belt, which will make even your oldest pair of jeans look instantly more haute. Buying clothes for others can be tricky, which is why an all-in-one outfit makes sense. This velvet jumpsuit, from Kitri's brilliant new partywear collection, is a suits-all dream. Buy a matching dress for yourself while you're at it. Impress with your knowledge of lesser-known Scandi brands and buy a pair of Hums slippers for the fashionable person in your life. Based in Stockholm, the luxury slippers are intended to be so chic, you'll want to wear them out of the house, too. If you're buying for someone who knows their It bags but you don't want to spend a total fortune, Manu Atelier is the perfect solution. Its bags have been worn by some of fashion's most influential editors and show-goers alike and the Cylinder bag has been particularly popular this season. Tim Walker's fashion photography is the currently the subject of an exhibition at the storied V&A museum. But you don't need to have seen it to appreciate the beauty of this book, which is packed with over 100 amazing photographs that any fan of fashion will find compelling. When are socks not just socks? When they're Gucci socks, of course. The brand's logo designs stamped on hosiery of all sorts have been incredibly popular – this pink and camel colourway is particularly great and will delight your label-obsessed friend.Comfy, flattering and easy to wear, L'Agence's leopard print trousers are an ideal gift for the person who has everything. L'Agence is the California-based brand that specialises in luxe basics on which to build a brilliant wardrobe, so it's bound to be a hit with any sartorial-minded individual. Nothing feels more luxurious than a McQueen spin on a daily essential. This cardholder boasts the brand's signature skull motif and has four slots to fit in more than just your credit card. Who needs a purse? For anyone you know who likes to travel in style, Away produces the luggage of dreams. Available in several chic colours, these cases come in different sizes (this one is the smallest and perfect for hand luggage) with the option to have an in-built charger for your phone. There's something that feels very personal about receiving a watch, as if a lot of thought has gone into it. Even more so if it's from Michael Kors. In a rose gold finish, it feels glamorous without behind OTT, so even your jeans-and-a-top loving pal will want to wear it. For anyone running the marathon next year, this is how to do it in style. Off-White's collection for Nike has sold out more times than we can count, largely thanks to designer Virgil Abloh's cult appeal. Even if you're not buying it for a sports fan, this jacket would look super-cool with straight-leg jeans and trainers. For any big spenders, this is not a bad place to start. Mulberry's latest collection is every bit as covetable as its classics, with this Keeley leading the way. It feels as classic as it does a bit rebellious and might be one to drop a significant amount of hits about to your most generous relative...The party frock to end all party frocks, Pinko's tulle dress is one that will stay in wardrobes forever, constantly pulled out for any dancefloor-related antics. It's essentially the perfect LBD – timeless, chic but certainly not boring. Merry Christmas indeed. Prada's headbands were like goldust when they first launched, but luckily Browns has just restocked them in time for the festive period. Even on bad hair days, they make you look utterly wonderful and like you're polished and put together. It means you basically don't have to ever spend time doing your hair again. Bliss. The first ever monograph to be produced on Prabal Gurung, this book features never-before-seen photographs, insider stories and information on the designer's activism, which runs through all his collections. It's a celebration of a whole decade of Prabal Gurung and is not to be missed. For any glamazon you might know, buying a Versace party dress might be out of the question. One of the fashion house's iPhone accessories, however, is not. Just like everything else the brand produces, this is loud, proud, and will be a very welcome gift. For anyone you know passionate about fashion and sustainability, this Stella McCartney will tick the right boxes. It's made from organic cotton and has a relaxed fit that will look great tucked into jeans. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The new issue of Grazia is out now. In it, we speak to the fabulous final three in RuPaul’s Drag Race UK – exclusively shot for us by Rankin.In the light of mumfluencer-gate, we explore the dark side of living your life online and Marisa Bate meets the Women’s Equality Party candidates trying to unseat MPs accused of sexual harassmentPlus, dive into the ultimate Christmas gift guide compiled by our fashion and beauty experts. And if you’re starting your present shopping, make the most of 20% off at Anthropologie in store and online* with an exclusive offer in this week’s magazine.To help you choose, take a look at the best buys from Anthropologie, as chosen by Sophie Henderson, Grazia's Shopping Editor...Whether your party outfit is looking for a hint of metallic cowboy, classic kitten heel or an on-trend metallic mule. Anthropologie has a shoe for every outfit tribe. 20% off at Anthropologie2of5Whether your party outfit is looking for a hint of metallic cowboy, classic kitten heel or an on-trend metallic mule. Anthropologie has a shoe for every outfit tribe. With three scents to choose from and a pretty jar to use after, these candles are the gift that keeps on giving.Gifting just got easy. This Bistro tray is the perfect gift for the beauty buff that likes to display their goodies or the perfect safe place for trinkets. Tis the season of at-home entertaining and there is no better time to upgrade your glasses collection – expect envy with these chic champagne glassesBlack-backed florals were spotted all over the catwalk for AW19 and this drop-waist dress is the perfect way to take the trend into party dressing territory. Pair with metallic mules and simple gold hoops. For the latest news, views and shoes get your copy of Grazia today. On sale now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you think of chain belts, you may think of Gwen Stefani in her No Doubt days or excellent girl bands like All Saints. Either way, they're a distinctly 90s phenomenon and one that's currently – thanks to fashion's new preoccupation with the decade – firmly back on the radar.In the early 90s chain belts dominated the catwalk, with every major fashion house including them in their collections. Under the direction of Karl Lagerfeld, Chanel developed its classic chain belts to become louder, amplifying shapes and even opting for plastic versions. This playful touch stood out among brands like Versace and YSL, as they both championed their signature designs: Versace layering gold and coin detailing, YSL keeping it chic and cinching in waistlines.Credit: Getty ImagesCoin chain belt, designed by Gianni Versace. 90's Runway: Chain Belts2of4Coin chain belt, designed by Gianni Versace. A white plastic chain belt, against a pair of cut-off canary yellow shorts, designed by Karl Lagerfeld. 90s supermodel Veronica Webb wears a gold chain belt, paired with layers of chain necklaces, designed by Yves Saint Laurent.Linked hoop chain belt, designed by Karl Lagerfeld.SS20 saw most houses still playing it safe, with Burberry and Celine both accessorising looks with a subtle chain belt, designed to create romantic silhouettes. It wasn't just the powerhouses, either – the breakthrough acts were embracing the 90s more than ever. London based designers Fyodor Podgorny and Golan Frydman of FYODOR GOLAN, created chain belts that were tougher and nodded to ‘90’s music scene influences.’ The duo said: ‘We wanted to explore the identifying elements of rock & roll, punk, Neo-romantics, goths, hippie and see how in our modern environment our girl would pick and choose her influences identifying with a range of visual stimulants and create a look that is neither belonging nor an outsider – self expression at its best.’Credit: FYODOR GOLANSS20 Runway: Chain Belts2of4Fashion week guests were also photographed sporting chain belts across all four fashion capitals. Some wore them over dresses to sit on a drop-down waist, while others wore over simple trousers or jeans, adding a little statement feature to their look.Credit: Getty ImagesGuestStreet Style: Chain Belts2of4GuestCamille CharriereAleali MayMadelynn FurlongAccording to Lyst, searches for chain belts are currently 11% up quarter on quarter. The most wanted style is gold and the most searched-for brands include Chanel, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana and Balmain. There are, however, chain belts for all budgets, so you can embrace the 90s immediately – and be leading the trends come next season.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One of the most annoying fashion dilemmas ever: how to wear your trousers with the right footwear? And yes we do mean trousers. We're ruling jeans out of the equation (technically not a trouser anyway), and the same goes for heels – not everyone can withstand them like VB. It's a constant battle, from cigarette to wide leg trousers. The list of things to think about is endless: the shape, the length, the fabric, the way they sit, and there seems to be no saviour in the mirror... The more you look at the flare you've paired with a trainer, the more you feel uncertain about the whole outfit all together, and then comes the panic wardrobe tantrum. So to avoid this kind of meltdown, we've made a list of some lustworthy pairings, and because we’re so good to you, where to buy it all now.Credit: Getty ImagesCargo pants and Converses, a winning combination for a more relaxed look.Credit: Getty ImagesTry corduroy trousers with your Birkenstocks, for your ultimate bohemian mix.Credit: Getty ImagesPower suits don't have to be paired with a killer heel. Try a leather loafer to keep it chic.Credit: Getty ImagesKeep it casual with a leather trouser and your favourite throw-on trainers. Skinny or baggy, long or cropped, either will work.Credit: Getty ImagesA little hack for when you're stressing about trouser lengths, shapes, cuts and your shoes, opt for a jumpsuit.Credit: Getty ImagesKeep it chic with a skinny pair of trousers, preferably cropped, and brogues.READ MORE:Best Of The High Street Now: Trousers That Aren’t JeansThe Best Stuff In H&M If You’ve Got Broad Shoulders8 Outfits From Instagram You NEED To Wear Next Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)If shopping was an Olympic sport, we would most definitely win gold, especially when the new Reserved AW/19 collection is involved. Serving up fresh new designs including reversible puffer jackets, wrap-around knitted skirts and grown-up sequin blazers, it's set to be a sell-out (you can take our word for it).Having acquired model-of-the-moment Kendall Jenner as the face of their new campaign #CiaoKendall, the brand has once again delivered on this season's most covetable fashion essentials. Below, see which pieces we're buying for the new season.High-necks and cinched in waists are the design details we're crushing over this AW/19 - and this dress has made it onto our wish list.Stay warm when it's chilly with the help of this faux shearling coat, which boasts a gorgeous autumnal colour palette.Make a statement in this fuchsia wrap-skirt from Reserved. Pair it with white trainers for an off-duty look, or boot heels for the office.Chuck out your denim, because this season the only jacket that matters is this one from Reserved. Wear with the matching trousers or mix-and-match for added flair.How to do a winter take on the ultimate summer dress? Opt for long sleeves, dark colours and whimsical designs. Yep, this dress really does have it all.Why settle for one winter coat when you could have two? This reversible grey and black puffer from Reserved is real winner in our eyes.Add some low-key glamour into your wardrobe with this metallic kimono. Wear with black jeans for an understated look.Marry this premium winter skirt with thigh high boots for a look that means business.The grown-up way to do sequins? In a bronze and black detailed blazer. That's our News Year's Eve outfit sorted.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Arizona Muse is browsing the racks of clothing set aside for her cover shoot, pulling out each garment, one by one. ‘What is this made of?’ she asks, touching the fabric of one dress. ‘Is this recycled?’ she asks of another. They all sit on the spectrum of sustainability. Some pieces, such as a duvet coat by Stella McCartney, are the product of years of work to reduce environmental impact. While others are part of collections by brands who are at the start of the process. Arizona isn’t puritanical. ‘I have clothes in my closet that aren’t sustainable,’ she says while discussing purchases she made before she developed a passion for environmentalism. ‘I’m not getting rid of them because that would also be a waste.’One blouse, made by the label BITE, stands out on the rail. She knows the team behind it and can attest that the small company is committed to producing work that is kinder to the planet, unlike many big brands regularly accused of ‘greenwashing’. How to hold those to account? ‘One of the biggest things you can do as a consumer is to tweet, leave a comment on Instagram or email a brand saying, “I’m one of your customers and I want you to take more steps towards sustainability,”’ advises Arizona. Brands are waiting for that communication from their customers to do something differently.Arizona would know. She began waving the flag for sustainability before it became the ubiquitous and fashionable buzzword it is right now. But how exactly does a supermodel go from starring in campaigns for Chanel, Prada, Fendi and Louis Vuitton to protesting in the streets against the climate crisis?It was around 2014 when she began to question the toll fashion was taking on the planet and embarked on an informal re-education. ‘I realised that I didn’t know anything about the materials my clothes were made of,’ she explains. ‘But now I want to know everything about them – who grew them, the chemistry of the polymers, if the viscose from the trees was sustainably managed – meaning they’re not from old-growth rainforest, or from plants managed with pesticides that are wiping out all the insect populations. This is when you understand that a natural fibre doesn’t always necessarily mean that it’s helping.’She’s equally committed to her attitude towards food, as demonstrated when we discuss biodynamic farming – a process that takes a holistic view of animals, crops and soil. Arizona doesn’t eat fish because the oceans are so polluted. But she will eat beef from cows raised by biodynamic agriculture. ‘I believe it’s one of the answers to climate change,’ she says.Listening to her talk about everything from the loss of biodiversity to why companies need to set more aggressive carbon offsetting targets, I’m struck by the amount of personal growth Arizona has been through since we last met five years ago. ‘I was one of those people who thought I’m kind of too small to make a difference,’ she tells me after the shoot as we eat a lunch of warm lentils and salad greens. But the experience of mothering her son, Nikko, nine, and 14-month-old baby girl, Cy, with husband Boniface Verney-Carron, has heightened her sense of urgency about future-proofing the planet.And brands are waking up to her power and knowledge, meaning Arizona is much sought-after. She regularly speaks on panels about the topic and gave the introductory speech for the V&A exhibition, Fashioned From Nature. Behind the scenes, she works with brands to help themmake smarter decisions about reducing their footprint and has partnered with conservation organisations such as Synchronicity Earth and the Sustainable Angle. Throughout it all, she maintains a sense of optimism. ‘I’ve become really excited about the solutions that are there for us. We know how to change this, we just need to do it quickly because time is running out.’As part of her sustainable fashion mission, rent Arizona’s wardrobe from mywardrobehq.coPhotography: Alex Bramall (@alexbramall); Styling: Natalie Wansbrough-Jones (@nataliewj)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Princess Margaret’s fashion sense became so famous in the 1950s that it came with its own epithet. Before the 'Meghan effect', came ‘The Margaret Look’. Well prepare to mine her wardrobe for fresh inspiration this weekend. The Crown is returning to Netflix for season three - and its £50m budget means that it’s likely to be even more lavish.Olivia Colman has taken up the Queen’s mantle from Golden Globe-winning Claire Foy, while Helena Bonham Carter has replaced Vanessa Kirby as the rather irascible Princess Margaret. The latter told the Cheltenham Literature Festival that she had communed directly with Princess Margaret, who passed away in 2002, via a psychic medium after winning the role. Apparently she issued some brusque instructions - ‘You’re going to have to brush up and be more groomed and neater’ – as well as advice: ‘Get the smoking right. I smoked in a very particular way. Remember that – this is a big note – the cigarette holder was as much a weapon for expression as it was for smoking.’The show’s costume designer Amy Roberts, who replaced Jane Petrie, told Hello that she wanted Princess Margaret’s costume to mirror her state of mind. 'I try to reflect the rootlessness and toxicity in Margaret...We used more flamboyant styles and fabrics to try to point out that wildness with no direction.'Toxicity or no, there's plenty to feast your eyes on, from the checked two-pieces to the top-handle bags. Swat up on our favourite looks – and don't forget to tune in from 17 November.Season three picks up in 1964 so expect bouffant hairstyles and ever-so-slightly more 'swinging' hemlines. Amy Roberts, the show's costume designer, told Hello that Princess Margaret's colour palette was slightly more 'bruised' than her sister's, but here she is in crowd-pleasing pink. Princess Margaret was famously a fan of turquoise - she was given the Persian tiara made up of diamonds and turquoise on her 18th birthday by the Queen Mother - and here she wears it matches her eyeshadow. The princess proves that a three-string of pearls never goes out of fashion. Both sisters demonstrating the subtle power of the LBD. Princess Margaret was a slightly more eccentric dresser than her elder sister, hence the feathered trim and cat's eye sunglasses. Expect to see plenty of eye-catching headgear in season three. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rihanna is know to be a lover of all things vintage, from her Chanel water bottle holder, to her vintage YSL look at the 2018 Grammys. Last night, she sported yet another vintage look at the premiere of Queen & Slim. The black satin kimono dress was designed by John Galliano, originally included in his spring/summer 1995 collection. But before you get carried away with an image of Rihanna digging through an endless Galliano archive, that's not quite how the dress was sourced.Rihanna actually follows a long list of celebrities such as Adwoa Aboah, Amal Clooney, Jodie Comer and Megan Markle that have all sourced their vintage pieces from William Vintage, London's renowned designer vintage boutique. Marie Blanchet, CEO of William Vintage, said, 'I see William Vintage, not as a vintage business which sells old clothes, but as a fashion brand that makes fashion without actually making the clothes, instead sourcing them and making an edit of pieces that are not only relevant historically and within each of the designer’s careers, but also pieces that look strikingly modern.’The trickle-down effect is evident as Alice Casely-Hayword recently reported on the rise in vintage influencers: 'Once vintage shopping meant trawling through musty rails at a second-hand store or car boot sale. Now it’s as easy as the tap of a finger, thanks to the rise of vintage dealers, fashion editors and influencers on Instagram, selling a personal curation of pre-loved fashion finds on their feeds.'This reignited love affair with vintage comes at a crucial time, too. Sustainability is at the forefront of most people's minds in our current climate crisis and vintage is a great way to navigate that. You're still experiencing the thrill of buying something new, without contributing to pollution produced during manufacture or, indeed, to landfill. Well, if it's good enough for Rihanna....READ MORE:Vintage Fans, You'll Want Everything From Reformation's New CollectionHow To Buy Vintage, Antique And Second-Hand Furniture Online© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The air inside the Parisian restaurant Chez Flo is electric. In the middle of the room, Naomi Campbell holds court on a sprawling black leather banquette, while British designer Simone Rocha chats with a Vogue editor across the room. At every table in between, top models ( Pat Cleveland, Adesuwa Aighewi, Saskia De Brauw, Iris Law, Alton Mason and more), cult designers (Molly Goddard, Haider Ackermann, Telfar Clemens and Humberto Leon and Carol Lim ) and iconic image makers (Juergen Teller and Craig McDean) mix it up with very important fashion editors and retailers after a long day of runway shows. The mood is upbeat and jovial, giddy even, much like the man at the center of it all: the guest of honor, Kenneth Ize. ‘I still can’t believe this is happening,’ he says with a bright, sprawling smile that stretches across the entire width of his face. As he talks, alternating people slide their arms around his waist, shoulders and torso to give him all manner of congratulatory hugs, squeezes and air kisses. He’s had a very good year.'I knew I wanted to work with the community and bring this back to Africa’To the average person, Ize is an unknown. But to the fashion insider he is one of the industry’s brightest, most beloved new stars. Anna Wintour name-checked him in a recent video with Rihanna, while a panel of fashion titans from Louis Vuitton’s Nicolas Ghesquière to Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri selected him as a finalist for the LVMH Prize, which has become the fashion industry’s most prestigious Ones To Watch list. And career-making retailers, such as Browns Fashion, which hosted the Paris dinner, have committed to promoting his work. ‘When we laid eyes on his collection back in March we instantly knew it would resonate with our customer,’ says Ida Petersson, menswear and womenswear buying director of Browns where his line will launch this autumn. ‘He has an amazing talent for pattern cutting which, combined with the intricately woven fabrics he uses and his determination to work with artisans from his native Nigeria, makes the collection irresistible.Ize’s standout tailoring appeals to women and men in equal measure. His collections are largely hand-made using an intricate, centuries-old technique. He sits at the cross-section of a handful of major shifts happening right now: the rise of African fashion from the fringes to the luxury world, an industry-wide awareness of fashion’s lack of diversity, the embrace of gender fluidity and the ever-pressing conversation around sustainability. Ize’s story speaks to all of these things and, asa result, to the future of luxury. The reality isn’t lost on him. ‘I want my work to create value around what we already have [in Africa.] My work raises the question, “What is luxury and who defines it?”’, he says over the phone from his studio in Vienna.But a career in fashion wasn’t originally on the cards. ‘I’d see black models on TV but I never saw interviews with black designers. So I thought you couldn’t even get a job doing this.’ He decided to enrol in the University of Applied Arts, in Vienna, where he studied under Hussein Chalayan and Bernhard Willhelm, two men known for their innovative, experimental approach to design. But it was a New York internship with the label Edun, founded by Bono and Ali Hewson as a sustainable ready-to-wear line to promote trade with Africa, that inspired his decision to start his own label, and root it in NigeriaBorn in Lagos in the early Nineties, Ize grew up between Nigeria and Vienna in a household of fashion lovers. ‘Fashion was always a necessity. My parents loved clothes so much, they believed in the power of appearance. That made my brother and I have an interest in it. I remember my childhood through the clothes,’ he explains. ‘In Lagos, we have fabric stores on every corner. We go to occasions and dress up every day. And we make our clothes, bespoke pieces all the time.’‘I’m pushing my identity and letting people know that the clothes are from somewhere. The people who made these clothes are from Africa.’‘That’s when I knew I wanted to work with the community and bring this back [to Africa],’ he says of his decision to launch his business with an environmental and community-driven approach. ‘I’m pushing my identity and letting people know that the clothes are from somewhere. The people who made these clothes are from Africa.’ Specifically, they are a small group of weavers who make Aso Oke (in Yoruba it means ‘top cloth’), a traditional fabric worn on special occasions. The textile takes time and care to make; a single piece of outerwear, all in all, takes nearly two weeks to create.‘A coat takes about six yards of fabric,’ he explains. ‘And one yard of fabric takes a day and a half to make. The market of weaving is growing the knowledge and at the same time pushing the craft.’ In the three years he’s been in business, Ize has introduced Aso Oke to not only a younger generation of Nigerians, attracting a wave of new artisans to the craft, but also a global audience of consumers. As demand for his clothing grows, he has the resources to hire and train more artisans in the art.Meanwhile, the people who buy his clothes (he launched his eponymous label as a men’s line, but women now buy 70% of it, inspiring him to create one collection for both) get a uniquely timeless piece they won’t see on anyone else due to the simple fact that no two Aso Oke pieces are identical. That is the beauty of handcraft. That is also luxury, a concept that many only associated with the maisons of Paris and Italy. But a wave of activity has proven otherwise.In the past five years, the organisers of Lagos Fashion Week, where Ize first launched his collection, have actively begun promoting its homegrown talent abroad, and wooing editors from Vogue, i-D, The New York Times, and more in the process. Meanwhile, Naomi Campbell, a champion of Ize’s work, has put Nigeria’s ARISE Fashion Week – another closely watched platform for African designers – on the global map. Earlier this year, Maria Grazia Chiuri staged her Dior cruise show in Morocco using the collection, which featured wax cloth made in partnership with artists from throughout the African diaspora, to make the point that luxury exists on the continent and is worth paying attention to. Months later, it was the young African designers, finalist Ize and South African winner Thebe Magugu, who generated some of the most buzz around the 2019 LVMH Prize.To Ize, the idea of luxury is inextricably linked to sustainability and questions of supply chain. ‘Luxury isn’t something that should make someone less human. The people who are making these products, do they understand the product they are making? That’s how craftmanship should go and those are the questions we should be asking. That’s what I want to achieve.’ He hopes to influence the way clothes are viewed and solidify Africa as a destination for high fashion. ‘I want these clothes to bring a different level of understanding of the people who make them. I want my work to improve a culture and an identity. I want people to wear my clothes and think, “Nigeria, I’d like to go there.”READ MORE: Naomi Campbell at ARISE Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to outlandish, no holds barred glamour, it's almost impossible not to think of Versace. The Italian fashion house is built on it – glamour oozes from its every pore. So, who better to design a capsule collection for Net-a-Porter, comprising only of clothes and accessories built for partying?'This collection is a celebration of the Versace woman. Confidence, glamour and fun are in her DNA – she’s the life of the party,' says Donatella Versace – and she's not lying. Combining some of the bold prints seen in the Cruise 2020 collection, Gianni Versace's original handwritten signature is at the centre of these pieces, stamped on tailored blazers, cocktail dresses, handbags and sandals.There are silver lamé dresses embellished with crystals, column gowns and tuxedo dresses, chain belts and the iconic Medusa emblem on leather bags.Elizabeth von der Goltz, Global Buying Director at Net-a-Porter says: 'Versace has created the ultimate party capsule in the brand’s signature archive style. The exclusive collection is a definite highlight in our partywear edit, perfectly embodying the hedonistic spirit of the 90s, through the brand’s iconic heritage gold details, high shine metallics and inherent high-octane glamour.' Indeed, the 90s were a huge influence on fashion for SS20, with countless designers showing many reinterpretations of the decade's biggest trends.Versace, in fact, brought back its infamous J-Lo dress, modelled on the catwalk by the superstar herself and making for one Instagram-breaking moment during Milan Fashion Week. Net-a-Porter will actually be stocking the exact dress next year (it can be yours for £6,600) but until then, you will have to make do with these glittering party pieces.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Instagram is changing. It's no longer the promise of endless outfit changes and brand new accessories that is attracting a loyal following, but rather tips on sustainability and how to live in a way that doesn't disregard the planet. This shift has been gradual, but it's certainly one that's having a massive impact on the way people are shopping. From the rise of vintage sellers on Instagram to fashion bloggers dramatically reducing their own levels of consumption in order to help educate others, it seems social media is playing a crucial role in the fight against a disposable culture.Katherine Ormerod is an author and former fashion editor (of this parish) who has built a large following of over 54,000 people on Instagram, often documenting her style. Recently, she has started to incorporate the topic of sustainability into her posts. 'Really it all started from sheer overwhelm,' she says. 'I’ve been working in fashion for 15 years and at first I grabbed on to every garment which was gifted or discounted because of my job (and a whole lot more from sample sales and general high street binges). I’ve done my very best to educate myself over the past couple of years about the frankly eye watering damage that fashion does on both environmental and ethical levels to the world and since have put as much effort into campaigning for more sustainable attitudes to clothing purchases.' So, I mentioned earlier in the week that I’d made a pledge to never throw any fabric away ever again. In honesty, working as an editor or a fashion tastemaker on social media can be hugely unsustainable. The amount of packaging that arrives at my flat on a weekly basis is eye popping - and inside those bags and boxes are often fashion items which I would never have bought myself. Sometimes when you work on a brand project, you’re sent pieces in multiple sizes and colour ways and in years past I would accept gifts without really knowing what was coming - so things would often arrive which didn’t even fit. To say that I’ve accrued mountains of unwanted clothes over the years is not an understatement. So now I have a really rigorous system. First up, I’m strict about what I will and won’t accept as a gift because of both the waste and the emissions from delivery and postage. My friends and family then get first pick - there is nothing nicer than seeing your pre-loved or unwanted pieces finding a home with someone you love and I can’t recommend an evening of swapping with mates more. I then put the luxury items aside and will sell them through a resale site. Every 3/4 months I do a boot sale and nice pieces that don’t sell there go to the charity shop. Anything that’s not good enough for the charity shop goes to the textile recycling deposit, and that includes old bed linen and underwear etc. Throughout the year I also donate to charity sales (check out @eagletta #sheinspiresme charity boot sale - w @theresolutionstore on May 11th for my latest donations) and use the money I make from everything else to carry out repairs and give annual donations to women’s charities. It’s not perfect. And obviously, by posting fashion images on social media I’m part of the system that encourages people to buy clothes. But I hope this @fash_rev week, I’ve also used this platform to make you think about the lifespan of everything you buy. If you know you’ll always have to find it a home, it’s amazing how it changes your attitude to purchasing it in the first place ❤️ (PS: this dress went last Saturday at Kilburn Boot Sale!) #fashionrevolutionweekA post shared by  Katherine Ormerod (@katherine_ormerod) on Apr 25, 2019 at 3:49am PDTFor Katherine, this shift towards a more sustainable way of shopping has meant that she has embraced the idea of a 'circular economy'. 'At the beginning of the year I pledged to never throw a single piece of fabric away ever again - not a pair of knickers or socks has gone into my bin. I worked with the UN’s anatomy of action during fashion week to promote this kind of behaviour because I truly believe that when you take responsibility for every item of clothing you no longer want, your attitude to buying changes. I now rarely shop because I have to be 100% sure that it’s not going to go into one of my redistribution piles. It has to be forever and that changes the game.'Similarly, we here at Grazia have pledged to support TK Maxx's Give Up Clothes For Good campaign, which encourages you to donate your pre-loved quality clothes, accessories and homeware to your local T K Maxx store in order to raise money for Cancer Research UK for Children & Young People. Initiatives like this are crucial to developing a truly circular economy, as described by Katherine. But this doesn't mean you should feel like you can't buy anything new at all – it's just about how and why you're buying something. You could look for investment pieces, for example, or explore the wealth of vintage options out there.Florrie Thomas is a stylist and fashion editor who has recently started selling repurposed vintage dresses via her Instagram profile. 'I actually first started selling vintage clothes when I was 22 and had just left university,' she says. 'A friend and I had a little vintage business together where we bought pieces, washed and mended them and then held pop-ups for 'people that don't normally like vintage'. I've been collecting vintage dresses for a while now meaning to sell them and finally got my act together!' 🍂Autumn is officially here ! 🍂And in my book that does not mean ditching your printed dresses. To celebrate autumn and #secondhandseptember I have three more vintage dresses for sale (head to my stories for a closer look) that are perfect transitional dresses to wear now with bare legs and into winter with boots and jackets. Sure, Summer is the best but autumn is pretty magical too 🍂 🍂🍂 painting by amazing @ginagimenezA post shared by  Florrie Thomas (@florriet) on Sep 23, 2019 at 10:47am PDTFlorrie is a fan of the 'make do and mend' philosophy, which she sees as key to combating the current climate crisis. 'Of course, as someone working in the fashion industry you do feel it's your 'job' to show people new clothes to buy which makes it even harder sometimes. I guess while I feel the desire to shop as much as the next person, I try on my Instagram not to post 'new stuff' too often and to talk more about my love of vintage and second hand shopping.'Activist and podcaster Venetia Falconer also suggests that the rental economy will be hugely beneficial. 'Second hand shopping is becoming easier by the day - with thanks to rental website and online thrift stores - but we still need time and money to find said clothes. What I always start by saying, is celebrate what you already own. We can all organise our wardrobes better so we can actually see and WEAR what we have. And from then it’s easier to swap clothes with our friends and family, too.' Been on the hunt for the perfect vintage Laura Ashley dress for the best part of the year now and then I met THIS GUY😍 Rule number 1 if you’re buying ‘new’ clothes: only invest in garms that absolutely make your heart SING. No matter how slow or fast they are. Treat prospective clothes like potential lovers. Only take your clothes off for them if they ignite something in you. Yes, it’s a nightmare going shopping with me. Your gal is fussy AF. ♻️ #OOOTD kicks: @veja, hair fun: @cyclicvintage 🌙A post shared by  Venetia La Manna (@venetiafalconer) on Sep 4, 2019 at 8:56am PDTAnd if organising your wardrobe could also mean helping raise money for charity, this seems like a no-brainer. Not only is TK Maxx's campaign helping to encourage this circular economy and avoid clothes being sent to landfill, it has, along with cash donations, raised over £32.5 million for Cancer Research UK’s research into cancers affecting children and young people. If, however, you find yourself staring at a jam-packed wardrobe in need of organising and don't know where to start, Katherine has some words of advice.'I’m in the process at the moment of trying to whittle everything down to just the very best version of each individual thing. No one needs 25 Breton tops (or as I once counted in my wardrobe, 68 white t-shirts). You need one or two perfect ones. You also have to look after things which means investing in repairs - I’ve paid up to 50% of the full price value of shoes and garments for tailoring and repairs - but better that than double my fashion footprint by buying two pieces.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Season three of The Crown lands on Netflix on 17 November, which suggests we can all kiss goodbye to our social lives. It also means that we're about to see a whole lot of Princess Anne, who was but a child in the last season of the show. While Princess Margaret is normally the recipient of any praise pertaining to style, I would like to make a strong case for Anne as the most fashion-forward of the Royal family.Before you roll your eyes in disbelief, citing Margaret's many Dior creations, let me explain. Not only are many of Anne's sartorial choices making their way back into fashion right now – puff sleeve dresses, cardigans, tea dresses and excellent hats – she was also something of a rule breaker in the style department. She wore a printed silk Pucci dress with matching headscarf as maternity wear, for heaven's sake! It's nothing short of heroic.While Margaret's fashion choices were very much in-keeping with the dress code to which the Royal family is expected to adhere, Princess Anne has always expressed much more of a sense of personality through her clothes. Take, for example, her choice of a yellow cardigan layered over a Pucci dress – something she wore 11 years later with an adjusted hemline. Or a white suit layered over a bright yellow shirt for a trip to the theatre, which looked as though she had taken inspiration from John Travolta in Saturday Night Fever.Forever a fan of colour, Anne has already worn many of the trends currently dominating Instagram, from balloon sleeves and hair accessories to canny layering. Remember the dress she wore for the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex? Rather than opting for something traditional, Anne wore a faux wrap dress that prompted comparisons to Hugh Hefner. She is, in many ways, the epitome of personal style: she wears what she wants, when she wants, how she wants. And she never disappoints.To attend a Horse Trials, where she met members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, Princess Anne chose a striking yellow coat with matching, oversized hat decorated with a black bow. For a Royal performance of the film Battle of Britain, Anne wore an embellished, empire line dress.For the opening of a new Police Cadet Training Academy in London, Anne chose a bright red coat and truly excellent hat. On arrival in Caernarvon, Wales, Anne wore a bright blue coat and hat to contrast with Princess Margaret, in pink and the Queen Mother in lime green. Posing for a photograph with her brother, Prince Charles and her parents, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Anne wore a green pinafore dress with white shirt and embellished shoes. Arriving at Ascot with her mother, the Queen, Anne chose a yellow jacquard dress and matching coat with chain-detail white loafers. To attend the Society of Film and Television Awards (now known as BAFTA), Anne wore a green dress with a black choker necklace. Anne let her diamonds do the talking in Germany when she chose a simple, two-tone dress. For a Passing Out parade at Sandhurst, Anne wore a Pucci dress layered underneath a bright yellow cardigan (v.2019). She wore this dress 11 years later, adjusted so that the hemline was longer. Clearly, Anne understands the power of a great accessory if this scarf is anything to go by. For a visit to the theatre, Anne seemingly watched Saturday Night Fever before getting dressed, when she opted for white suit and bright yellow shirt. Anne suffered a sprained wrist during an accident at a horse championship, but this did not deflect from the fact that she chose a patchwork, knitted waistcoat. For the Queen's birthday parade, Anne looked super-chic in a double breasted coat with matching hat. Arriving with Mark Philips for a film premiere in London, Anne wore a long, floral dress with balloon sleeves that would not look out of place on Instagram right now. Anne married Captain Mark Philips at Westminster Abbey in November, 1973. Her dress was designed by Maureen Baker and was crafted from white silk with a high neck, fitted bodice and flared skirt that swept into a 7ft train. There was a fashion for Tudor-style dresses in the early 70s, which is why Anne opted for trumpet sleeves decorated with pearls.Anne chose a printed shirt dress with oversized lapels, wrapping a piece of the matching fabric around her hat. Proving that the Barbour is, in fact, timeless, Anne wore hers during Crookham Horse Trials. Heeled loafers are currently experiencing a comeback, and back in 1978 Anne paired hers with a tweed skirt suit and pillbox hat. Anne arrived for an event at The Dorchester hotel in London wearing a floor-sweeping white gown adorned with blown-up blooms. During a public event, Anne wore button-up pistachio with a matching, wide-brim hat, complete with white tassel at the back. Attending the Derby with Princess Diana, Anne wore a chic navy, cropped jacket with gold buttons. Anne's dramatic sleeves and ruched waist certainly wouldn't look out of place in 2019. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Réalisation Par is the Australian indie label responsible for several sell-out pieces that have been, at one time or another, almost ubiquitous on Instagram. Most notably, there was the Naomi leopard print midi skirt, which in fact kick-started an entire trend. Previously, however, putting in your order meant waiting up to a fortnight for delivery, which in itself was fairly expensive due to international shipping costs. Now, the brand has launched a UK site, meaning we can all get in on the action for a fraction of the cost – and time. 🍄 Dreamgirl @lucywilliams02 wearing her Alba Rosalita dress in Deia 🍄💋A post shared by  Réalisation Par (@realisationpar) on Jun 13, 2019 at 6:37am PDTFrom tie-dye slip dresses to tea blouses and button-down midis, Réalisation Par's current collection looks exactly like the summer we want to have. There are sun dresses with ruffle straps and cherry print minis alongside the label's signature wrap dresses – all of which will arrive in just 2-3 working days, and for the standard Royal Mail prices. 🌺Dreamgirl @cocoaflowerr wearing her Nicks Hypnotic tie front shirt🌺A post shared by  Réalisation Par (@realisationpar) on May 3, 2019 at 3:07am PDTThere is often limited stock and the brand also releases exclusive pieces every now and then, which only adds to its popularity. These dresses, in particular, sell at remarkable speed, so to make the whole process a bit quicker, shop the very best of Réalisation Par below.Also, come July, the brand is opening a pop-up shop in London, so keep your eyes peeled for that.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One can only dream of the treasures that fill Naomi Campbell's wardrobe. The supermodel has been working in the fashion industry for over 30 years, after all. But for her latest venture, she is not only giving us all a glimpse into said wardrobe, she's also letting us shop it.On 27 November, Campbell will launch her fourth Fashion For Relief pop-up shop in Westfield London, where customers will be able to pick from pieces donated straight from the supermodel's own wardrobe, as well as from items donated by her famous friends and fashion's most notable brands. It's the first time in five years that the pop-up shop has opened – the last shop, in 2014, completely sold out of all stock in just seven days.'It’s truly a pleasure to be partnering with Westfield London again to launch our fourth Fashion For Relief designer pop-up store,' said Campbell. 'This is a unique opportunity for everyone to get their hands on some really special fashion pieces at accessible prices. Whether you are shopping for Christmas presents or just treating yourself, you can do so here knowing that the money is going to help improve the futures of young Londoners.'Indeed, all funds raised from the pop-up will go towards education and employability programmes for young people, including the Mayor’s Fund for London.So, what's on offer? Well, there are some bespoke Alexander McQueen T-shirts, as well as some silk scarves made especially for Fashion For Relief by CHROME HEARTS. And some of the major designer pieces will come courtesy of Alaïa, Gucci and Vivienne Westwood. As well as providing some major shopping opportunities, the pop-up will also play host to a series of activities for the week it's open, including presentations from new, upcoming designers.So, whether or not you buy friends and family the best Christmas presents of all time or you just treat yourself, you can do so safe in the knowledge that you're contributing to a brilliant cause in the process.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's the biggest night on fashion's calendar -  and this year there's even more reason to be excited.  Sarah Burton OBE will receive the Trailblazer Award in recognition of the amazing work she has done as the Creative Director of Alexander McQueen. Burton is best known for designing Kate Middleton's wedding dress, but she's also the founder of an education programme which, according to the British Fashion Council, ;connects universities and colleges from around the country, offering students the opportunity to enhance their knowledge of design and craft with the help of members of the McQueen design team'.  The awards will be hosted by Tracee Ellis Ross, the Black-ish actor and founder of haircare brand Pattern, which we're all very excited about.  Woot Woot! I’m hosting the #FashionAwards 2019 at @royalalberthall in London on December 2nd! Yaaaassss!! For someone who really, really (and I mean REALLY) loves fashion, it’s such an honor and huge treat to celebrate the best in fashion!  Now, what will I wear???….. see you December 2nd!A post shared by  Tracee Ellis Ross (@traceeellisross) on Oct 31, 2019 at 10:29am PDTTracee always serves up something interesting on the red carpet - she carried an actual picture frame at this year's Met Gala for crying out loud - and isn't afraid to go 'look-at-me' loud when it comes to her outfits. Whether it's sequinned jumpsuits or voluminous satin dresses, the actor is of the more-is-more school of thought - and we can't wait to see what she pulls out of the bag come 2 December.Also recently announced is the news that Sam McKnight, all-round hair genius, will collect the Isabella Blow award for Fashion Creator at the Fashion Awards. Speaking to Vogue's Suzy Menkes, McKnight said 'It feels like a huge honour – I was blown away. I have been honoured by the hairdressing and the beauty industries – but I have never had an award from fashion. Really my world is fashion and it is from the fashion industry that I have felt close to – it’s what I’ve been doing since the 1970s when models often did their own hair. People were asking whether I could really succeed making a career out of it. It was the very beginning of hair being intrinsically linked with fashion shows.' There they go , the finale @viviennewestwood  SS20 with @bellahadid as their bride 👰🏻 styling @sabina_schreder makeup @isamayaffrench nails @mariannewman #hairbysammcknight #pfwA post shared by  Hair By Sam McKnight (@hairbysammcknight) on Sep 28, 2019 at 12:20pm PDTIt may be easier to suggest who McKnight hasn't worked with, given his prevalence in the industry. He is the man responsible for cutting Princess Diana's hair in 1990, he worked closely with Karl Lagerfeld on every Chanel show and he's been collaborating with Dame Vivienne Westwood since the 90s. He is, in the very true sense of the word, a legend in the fashion industry.There are 10 categories in total, spanning accessories designer of the year to business leader, several names cropped up again and again on the list of nominations. Gucci has four, including brand of the year, business leader, plus accessories designer of the year and designer of the year for its creative director Alessandro Michele.It’ll come as no surprise to fashion editors, many of whom will have been part of the global voting panel of 2,500 members who put forward their preferences for each award, that Bottega Veneta, and its new creative director Daniel Lee, also cleaned up, with nominations in the accessories designer of the year, brand of the year, British designer of the year womenswear and designer of the year categories.Kaia Gerber, who won model of the year in 2018, has again been nominated, along with Adesuwa Aighewi, Adut Akech, Adwoa Aboah and Winnie Harlow.Giorgio Armani and Naomi Campbell were announced as the recipients for the Outstanding Achievement Award and the Fashion Icon Award respectively earlier this year.The only thing left to do? Wait for 2 December when the winners will be crowned at the Royal Albert Hall - and, for now, browse the full list of nominees below.Alessandro Michele for GucciDaniel Lee for Bottega VenetaJonathan Anderson for LoeweKim Jones for Dior MenSimon Porte Jacquemus for JacquemusBottega VenetaGucciJacquemusLoewePradaCraig Green for Craig GreenGrace Wales Bonner for Wales BonnerKim Jones for Dior MenMartine Rose for Martine RoseRiccardo Tisci for BurberryDaniel Lee for Bottega VenetaJohn Galliano for Maison MargielaJonathan Anderson for JW Anderson & LoeweRichard Quinn for Richard QuinnSimone Rocha for Simone RochaBen Cottrell and Matthew Dainty for CottweilerBethany Williams for Bethany WilliamsKiko Kostadinov for Kiko KostadinovPhoebe English for Phoebe EnglishSofia Prantera for AriesLaura and Deanna Fanning for Kiko KostadinovMatty Bovan for Matty BovanPhoebe English for Phoebe EnglishRejina Pyo for Rejina PyoRosh Mahtani for AlighieriAlexandre Arnault for RimowaJosé Neves for FarfetchMarco Bizzarri for GucciMarco Gobbetti for BurberryRemo Ruffini for MonclerAlessandro Michele for GucciDaniel Lee for Bottega VenetaJonathan Anderson for JW Anderson & LoeweKim Jones for Dior MenMiuccia Prada for PradaAdesuwa AighewiAdut AkechAdwoa AboahKaia GerberWinnie HarlowAlyxFentyMarine SerreMartine RoseMoncler GeniusREAD MORE: The Designer Label That Has Suddenly Become Fashion's Most PopularREAD MORE: The Evolution of JW Anderson: 'I Have To Continually Feel Like The Underdog'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It might only be midway through November, but hands up who’s already bought an advent calendar, cracked into the mince pies and watched The Holiday? The Christmas countdown is officially on and this year there’s another entry to add to a to-do list that includes ice skating, Christmas carolling, tree buying and mulled wine drinking. Dolce & Gabbana has brought the European tradition of Christmas markets to its New Bond Street store - and you’d be mad to not swing by during the season of goodwill.The festivities, which kicked off at the end of October, are based around the Sicilian tradition of the caretto or cart. It’s usually two-wheeled and comes festooned with carved and painted patterns. These geometric designs in Christmassy shades of red, green, orange and yellow have been replicated, in typical Dolce & Gabbana fashion, over the walls and floors of boutique. It’s Santa’s grotto, but make it fashion.But it’s not just the space that’s had the maximalist treatment. As part of its Christmas market, the label has created a special ready-to-wear collection, featuring the carretto patterns, as well as childrenswear, dolls, a new make-up line, two pairs of limited-edition sunglasses and panettone in the most amazingly patterned tins imaginable. The Christmas stocking options are limitless.Dolce & Gabbana, 53-55 New Bond St, Mayfair, London W1S 1D© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Very rarely does the fashion industry adopt a trend as practical as the belt bag. Don’t be fooled by the moniker, for this hands-free accessory may look sleek and refreshing but it is nothing more than a bum bag/fanny pack/money belt by any other name.After the resurgence of chokers and slip dresses it really should come as no surprise that this ‘90s favourite has staged a comeback. Like it’s predecessors, it’s a high-functioning addition to any outfit. It will lighten your load and free your arms. It can cinch your waist or add a sporty appeal to a dressy ensemble. The SS18 runways, like Stella McCartney, Gucci and were awash with these pouches so Quelle surprise it’s already been spotted around the hips of the fashion crowd. Doubtful as we were at first, it’s these 13 bags that sold us on this overlooked item…READ MORE:Rihanna’s Newest Fenty Beauty Lipstick Shade Is Very RelatableWe Try On The Best Pyjamas From M&S So You Don't Have To6 Ways To Wear Blue Eyeshadow Irl Without Looking Like You Fell Out Of 2002© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Septum piercings are still big news. It all started in November 2015 when Allure predicted septum piercings to be a big trend of the coming year. Over three years later, it's still going strong. Everyone from Rihanna to Jessica Biel has rocked either a fake or legitimate septum ring, and that number is only going to rise as the months go on. With that in mind, we've answered all of your major septum questions...A septum piercing is a piercing that goes through your nasal septum, a.k.a that bit between your nostrils. The needle goes through the thin bit of flesh towards the front of the nose, and then the jewellery is put in place – normally a ring, a horseshoe or, less commonly, a bar.Most piercings can be uncomfortable. After all, a needle is going through your skin, which is then replaced with a thick bit of metal. Everyone has their own pain tolerance, so it’s worth bearing yours in mind, but a septum shouldn’t hurt much more than a standard nose piercing and it shouldn’t go through cartilage. It’ll be a strong pinch, the urge to sneeze, watery eyes, and hopefully not much more than that. We asked Becca of LibFemBlog, piercing connoisseur who has had her septum pierced four times, and she said: 'Compared to some piercings I've had it wasn't too bad at all, probably less painful than your standard nose piercing. As long as you go to a good piercer, they'll get the soft spot right in the centre.'Septum piercings are a lot like most piercings, and there can be some variation in method. Usually, however, your piercer will clean the area intended to be pierced before using a small clamp to hold the septum. They will then pass a cannula (a hollow needle attached to a tube) through your nose, before putting the jewellery through the new hole. After the jewellery is secured (usually a horseshoe shaped bar) the piercing is complete.At this point, it’s probably worth noting that you should never skimp on piercings – it’s much better to pay a little more and visit a really good, certified piercer than to save a few pounds. Septum piercings usually run around £15-£40, so find the most legit piercing studio near you and see how much they charge. On average, you can expect to spend around £30.No. A well-performed septum piercing should go through your 'sweet spot' – the area of flesh between your cartilage and the front of your nose.While the most tender and painful part of healing should be over in around 1-3 weeks, septum piercings take around 6 to 8 months to completely heal, and you can change the jewellery in 6 to 8 weeks providing it’s well-healed. You should try and leave it as long as possible, though.As with all piercings try to leave it alone, and clean with saltwater daily. There are good saline sprays out there too, which work better with all nose piercings due to the placement. Becca's top tip, weirdly enough, is to 'soak the tip of your nose in lightly salted water' which she says feels weird but does the trick.A small amount of white discharge is completely normal, but if you notice any yellow or green pus, your piercing may be infected. However, your piercer should give you all the necessary aftercare information, and if you have any worries at all you can return to them to get the piercing looked at.I’m going to get a little gross with you…that’s pretty common, and people have been known to call it septum funk. If the smell is combined with pain, yellow pus, or blood, you might have a problem. Otherwise, that smell is the scent of dead skin cell build-up, and your body trying to heal itself. Keeping the piercing clean and switching to wood or glass jewellery in due time should help to limit the smell, though.As with most piercings, this depends how long you’ve had it for. If you’ve kept the piercing in for more than a few months, the hole may not ever fully heal. However, it will shrink a great deal, and due to the placement of the piercing it’s unlikely anyone will ever see the hole anyway.After waiting for around 6-8 weeks (yes, really) you might be thinking about changing your septum jewellery. You can consider going back to your piercer and having them talk you through it, but alternatively, it shouldn’t be too hard to do this at home.If your original piercing is held in with balls, simply unscrew one and slide it out. It might be screwed in a little tight, so consider going back to the piercer to have them do it. There are different types of jewellery so it’s worth looking for specific advice, but you should try and put the new jewellery in ASAP. Clean your hands, disinfect the area and jewellery, and line up the bar with the hole before pushing it cleanly through. You may need to pull your nose down a little to get it right, or it may take a few goes to find the hole. The same rules apply for other kinds of rings or bars, too.Depending on the kind of jewellery you’ve been pierced with, either remove the balls or undo the clicker with clean hands before sliding the bar out of your nose.If you have horseshoe-type septum jewellery, you should be able to hide the piercing for school, work, or hanging out with your nana. There are different methods so consult your piercer, but usually you just pull your mouth skin down so the piercing is more visible; then push the balls up until the jewellery goes into your nose. This will get easier the older the piercing is and the less swollen your nose is.Usually, your septum will have been pierced with 16g/1.2mm jewellery, or 14g/1.6mm. If you’re looking to stretch it to be an even bigger hole, you need to go super slowly as the cartilage will start to migrate up the nose. Consult your piercer, but many people recommend waiting between four and six months before starting to stretch. You should then wait a couple of months between gauges, too.There are different methods, but most common is to (with clean hands, disinfected jewellery, and a clean nose) massage your septum with jojoba or other oil. Then, you should get an insertion pin one or two gauges up from your initial jewellery – i.e., 2mm (12g). You should push the pin through your septum, then line the new plug with the biggest end of the pin, pushing the pin out with the jewellery and effectively replacing it. Do not go up more than a mm every month or two, and listen to your body.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A little over a year into his tenure, we hardly need tell you that Daniel Lee’s Bottega Veneta is a molto big deal. The brand climbed up 21 places on Lyst’s Hot Brands Index to enter the top 10 for the first time this quarter; the padded sandals are officially the hottest shoes in the world, generating 27,000 searches per month. Daniel has scooped up four nods ahead of next month’s Fashion Awards, and no wonder – fans are feverish in their enthusiasm, snapping up the bulbous pumps, poufy clutch bags and chain-link skirts and then feverishly Instagramming them – thus propelling the hype around #NewBottega. The takeaway: what Daniel designs, we’ll lap up.It’s unsurprising, therefore, that the new Pre-Spring 2020 campaign (which – according to the press notes – ‘subverts the iconography of modern luxury’) has generated much attention (read: Instagramming) from Daniel devotees. What’s remarkable is that in today’s raise-the-stakes social media era, there’s no extravagant set or cutesy gimmick or ironic celebrity cameos required to make the campaign go viral, just Jean Campbell (sister of Edie), designer Andre Walker, and a giant chain shot by Tyrone Lebon in a carpeted room. Oh, and great clothes.The new campaign encapsulates the language Daniel has developed at Bottega: a precise mix of unsettling oddness and quotidian realism, of bourgeois finesse and punkish rebellion. ‘Bottega Veneta clothes are worn in context, mixed with real characters and live in the moment. They are elevated and everyday and that’s what makes them powerful,’ says Daniel. We say: take note – consider this the gospel according to Daniel, and your crib sheet for next season.Invested in one of those clunky gold chains that have been doing the rounds the past few months? You’re in luck. Keep it on rotate – and add squared hoops for good measure. Your jewellery directive is to think heavy duty rather than delicate.It’s not (just) what you wear, it’s how you wear it. Ankle straps tied up over trousers is a simple but effective styling that we first got eyes on when the Pre-Spring collection debuted. The streetstyle set have already begun doing it, so get involved now. Bonus: you don’t need a Bottega budget to pull off this move.Testament to the house’s heritage as a master of stealth luxury, Bottega’s heat is generated from Daniel’s subtle, but striking, disruption of classics rather than gimmicky showpieces. Case in point: you don’t need a logo-emblazoned sweatshirt or an extravagant gown to make an impact now, you just need a twisted LBD – the ultimate investment piece. White padded mules also help though.You’ve got the biker boots, you’re saving for the Cassette Bag, but if you really want to be a Bottega woman, it’s about more than just clothes, it’s about being culturally astute. Impress your friends now by chatting about Italian filmmaker Federico Fellini, renowned for La Dolce Vita, 8 ½ and La Strada. His quote ‘neorealism is not about what you show, but how you show it. It’s simply a way of looking at the world without preconceptions or prejudices,’ is one of the inspirations behind this campaign. Bad hair days be gone. Sweep back your hair into a low bun a la Jean for an elegant ’do that required zero faff and fuss.Shot by Mert and Marcus. Starring brand ambassadors Zhou Dongyu and Yoo Ah-in, Shay, Boychild, Wu Tsang, Cecilia Chancellor, Sasha Pivovarova, Marina Morena, Mahmood and Ruben Loftus-Cheek.Shot by Harmony Korine upon a festive cruise ship for the 2019 Gift Giving campaign.Shot by Tyrone Lebon and starring model Jean Campbell.Shot by Drew Vickers and Keizo Kitajima. From Thursday 14 November, florists including Petals at Bibendum, Nikki Tibbles Wild at Heart and Kensington Flower Corner in London, will wrap customers' flowers in Prada-paper.Starring Catherine Zeta-Jones and her daughter Carys Douglas.Directed by Jean-Paul Goude. Starring Lily-Rose Depp.Shot by Harmony Korine. Starring Sienna Miller, Gucci Mane, Iggy Pop and Italian artists Orlando Miani and Angelo Bucarelli.Starring Emma Stone.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you're like us and you haven't been able to say 'let it go' to your childhood Disney obsession (no shame, it happens to the best of us), then you'll no doubt be aware that we will soon be reunited with Princesses Anna and Elsa when Frozen 2 drops in cinemas on 22 November. Yes, this is very exciting and yes, we are all adults here.And while we thought we were the only ones counting down the days until friendly snowman Olaf is back on the big screen, it seems the Frozen effect is spreading further than we could imagine — namely all over the red carpet the last few weeks.Celebs from Charlize Theron to Ava DuVernay to Jessica Alba have been brightening up the red carpet with icy looks fit for a snow queen. Below, the best Frozen-inspired gowns Elsa and Anna would go crazy for...Credit: GettyWearing a mermaid-style couture Givenchy gown with a metallic clutch, Charlize looks ever so like a princess. Credit: GettyEvery princess knows the perfect look isn't complete without a tiara: Jessica Alba paired her couture Ralph & Russo gown, which was handmade with white pearls, sequins, and ostrich feathers, with a sparkling, pearl-topped headband. Credit: GettySequins and a full skirt are all you need to look like Princess Anna, as shown by this Monique Lhuillier gown.Credit: GettyA cape fit for a queen. Credit: GettyThis Loewe dress, complete with embroidered flowers, turned Nicole Kidman into the perfect princess. Credit: GettyAva DuVernay brought us 21st century princess vibes in this shiny platinum Gucci dress Elsa would be proud to wear. Credit: GettyIn a champagne-hued slip dress, Amber Heard showed that even the simplest dress can make you look like a chic princess. Credit: GettyPrincesses don't exclusively wear dresses, as shown by Lupita Nyong'o in this white sequin skirt and black roll neck. Credit: GettyThe best part of Amber Le Bon's princess dress is that you can shop looks just like it now that the Giambattista Valli x H&M collection is now available to shop.Credit: GettyGlossier's Emily Weiss stuns in this grown-up nighttime princess look. READ MORE: A Definitive Ranking Of The Most Stylish Princesses In The WorldREAD MORE: In Defence of Princesses EverywhereREAD MORE: It's A Winter White Out! How To Wear Off Duty White This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Nothing quite beats the feeling of discovering a new fashion label - especially when it looks luxury, but is actually pretty affordable. So, when we discovered that British brand Palones had recently launched, we paid attention.With its roots firmly in London’s vibrant creative scene, this high-quality collection of sassy designer pieces is mostly made from existing archive fabric and accessories. The range is limited edition with hero pieces restricted to only 100 garments, each of which will not be reproduced, meaning you don't have to worry about bumping into somebody wearing the same outfit as you.The designs are slick and modern - think a soft-touch utility range, deconstructed trenches and colour block teddy coats. The latest collection boasts affordable pricing, with the most expensive pieces ranging up to £300. And for the quality and finish, this brand is worth the price.Unlike other labels who design their collections months in advance, Palones can turn around a new design in just a few weeks, meaning they can drop of-the-moment styles every month. But as mentioned, the brand is conscious of their impact on the environment. What do they do to help? Well, first and foremost, their clothes are built to last, so you won't find yourself throwing them out after the season has ended. As for fabrics, the mills that they source them from are local to the factories where the garments are made, which reduces the need to transport materials between facilities. Their packaging is fully recyclable, too and any unused fabrics are donated to local fashion colleges.Speaking about the brand, Creative Director Kimmy Kim told Grazia, 'We used state-of-art software to ensure precision cuts, and I'm so proud of the Palones fit. I’ve also incorporated clever style details, so the outfits can be continually re-imagined and re-styled.'Add drama to any look with this PU asymmetric skirt. Pair it with boots for the winter and heels come spring.Is there anything prettier than a high-low dress with a diamond shaped open back detail? We think not.Add sparkle to any occasion with this iridescent duster. But be warned: once you put it on, you might never want to take it off. ✨We think we've just found your new favourite wrap dress. The bell sleeves and frill hem detail make this piece something special.What's better than a pistachio utility dress? A pistachio utility dress with oversized pockets.Smocked cuffs + frilled V-Neck design? We love. 😍Wear these versatile paperbag trousers for any occasion, from day-to-night and work-to-play. We're sold.Invest in this glorious jumper for the chilly season, and you won't be let down. It's warm, it's cosy, and most of all, it's totally on trend.Inspired by the figure skating legend, Tonya Harding and the film, I, Tonya, this skirt boasts a wintery icicle pattern. Wear it with a simple tee, or dress it up with the matching Luna Lurex jumper.Don this oversized coat during chilly weather to stay warm and look ultra stylish. It's available in burgundy, khaki and a warm caramel. We love.No need to steal your boyfriend's clothes - this slick buttoned blazer features a stylish boyfriend style, with split sleeves and a wrap belt. Get it before it's gone.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I'm sorry to tell you that it's officially Christmas season. The countdown is on and we've done all the research into the best 'buy now or regret later' purchases - from beauty advent calendars, right through to festive knits.We know what you’re thinking. Ultra-flammable knitwear isn't exactly chic and it's not like Mark Darcy is your style icon. Well, he might be – you do you and all that. But fear not, because there's an interesting new breed of Christmas jumper on the market and there's not a light-up reindeer nose in sight.Not all festive sweaters are garish, it turns out. In fact, there's plenty out there with stylish Fair Isle detailing, Aran weaving and intarsia patterns. Relegate the outré statement sweater to the back of your wardrobe in favour of a snug cashmere roll neck or a cropped pullover, because these are what deserve centre stage.Whether you invest in a designer knit (think Loewe or Bella Freud), style out a jumper with a seasonal slogan or keep cosy in something with just a hint of glitter (it _is_ Christmas), you'll find you're spoilt for choice with this year's knitwear offering.We like to wear ours with jeans and a pair of chic kitten heels when Christmas Jumper Day dawns at work. But, the rest of the year you can wear your jumper over a flowing maxi dress or simple slip skirt. And the same certainly can't be said of all Christmas jumpers...One for the Christmas List. Santa, please?Give a nod to tinsel with this Ganni number.Perfect with jeans and boots for everyday, layer over a slip and heels for wintery evenings.Chic, oversized and doesn't scream 'Christmas'.Everything a jumper should be: soft, chic and cashmere.The chicest way to do a novelty knit.Get in the festive spirit with heavy embellishment.Festive at its finest.We're saying 'yes' to a Christmas giraffe.Pure as snow yet definitely more snugly.Gives the feeling of a Christmas Tree without, er, a Christmas Tree...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even though the first Monday of May might be months away, we officially have our Met Gala 2020 theme: 'About Time: Fashion and Duration'. And on that fateful day next spring, when the biggest names in fashion, film, music and art will gather at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art to celebrate the latest Costume Institute exhibition, you can be sure everyone there will be wearing the biggest, brightest outfits you've ever seen.While the ball itself is a long-standing tradition that's been in place since 1948, the idea of having a themed dress code was not brought in until the '70s. Ahead of the Met Gala 2020 event, here's every single theme in Met Gala history...Credit: Getty1971 - Fashion Plate1972 - Untailored Garments1973 - The World of Balenciaga1974 - Romantic and Glamorous Hollywood Design1975 - American Women of StyleCredit: Getty1976 - The Glory of Russian Costume1977 - Vanity Fair: A Treasure Trove1978 - Diaghilev: Costumes and Designs of the Ballets Russes1979 - Fashions of the Habsburg Era: Austria-Hungary1980 - The Manchu Dragon: Costumes of China, the Chi'ng DynastyCredit: Getty1981 - The Eighteenth Century Woman1982 - La Belle Époque1983 - Yves Saint Laurent: 25 Years of Design1984 - Man and the Horse1985 - Costumes of Royal IndiaCredit: Getty1986 - Dance1987 - In Style: Celebrating Fifty Years of the Costume Institute1988 - From Queen to Empress: Victoria Dress 1837-18771989 - The Age of Napoleon: Costume from Revolution to Empire, 1789-18151990 - Théâtre de la Mode: Fashion Dolls: The Survival of Haute CoutureCredit: Getty1991 - The gala was held without a theme1992 - Fashion and History: A Dialogue1993 - Diana Vreeland: Immoderate Style1994 - Orientalism: Visions of the East in Western Dress1995 - Haute CoutureCredit: Getty1996 - Christian Dior1997 - Gianni Versace1998 - Cubism and Fashion1999 - Rock Style2000 - No costume exhibition gala presentedCredit: Getty2001 - Jacqueline Kennedy: The White House Years2002 - No costume exhibition gala presented2003 - Goddess: The Classical Mode2004 - Dangerous Liaisons: Fashion and Furniture in the 18th Century2005 - The House of ChanelCredit: Getty2006 - AngloMania: Tradition and Transgression in British Fashion2007 - Poiret: King of Fashion2008 - Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy2009 - The Model As Muse: Embodying Fashion2010 - American Woman: Fashioning a National IdentityCredit: Getty2011 - Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty2012 - Schiaparelli and Prada: Impossible Conversations2013 - Punk: Chaos to Couture2014 - Charles James: Beyond Fashion2015 - China: Through the Looking GlassCredit: Getty2016 - Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology2017 - Comme des Garçons's Rei Kawakubo2018 - Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination2019 - Camp: Notes on Fashion2020 - About Time: Fashion and DurationREAD MORE: The Met Gala: The Best Dressed From The Last DecadeVIEW MORE: 9 Ways To Get An Invite To The Met Gala© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials trilogy is revered by readers both young and old. The author concocted a magical world that attracted a loyal fanbase, which is still very much apparent today – 24 years after the first book, Northern Lights was published in 1995. There has been, therefore, almost fervent anticipation of the BBC's new adaptation of the trilogy into an eight-episode series, which can currently be seen on BBC One on Sunday nights. Whether or not you're a fan of the novels, there's one very good reason why you should watch: the costumes.Designed by Caroline McCall, a costume designer who has previously worked on Downton Abbey, it's Ruth Wilson's outfits for the character of Mrs Coulter that are the most arresting. Glamorous, glossy and with a vintage vibe, Mrs Coulter's costumes range from long silk dresses to neat, tailored suits, all imbued with the spirit of Old Hollywood glamour. “I can teach you to wield power over all of them. But you must let me mould you.  You must trust me.” Steady your dæmons... ep 2 lands on @hbo TONIGHT! #HisDarkMaterialsA post shared by  His Dark Materials (@darkmaterialsofficial) on Nov 11, 2019 at 6:52am PST'It was interesting trying to think of who she is and what she looks like,' said Wilson at a press screening before series one aired. 'Hedy Lamarr features in my head quite a lot, I think it’s because when I was talking to Caroline McCall who designed all our amazing costumes, we were discussing the idea that the story is not period but it’s not our world, it’s somewhere in between. We came up with this idea of 30s-slash-40s style.'Interestingly, this comes hot on the heels of the AW19 catwalks, which were permeated by a prim-and-proper mood with undertones of old-fashioned glamour. The tactile fabrics that dominate Wilson's on-screen wardrobe reference some of this season's biggest trends of velvet and satin. “She en’t afraid of anything. And she’s so clever […] and she’s so ruthless and cruel” #HisDarkMaterialsA post shared by  His Dark Materials (@darkmaterialsofficial) on Oct 31, 2019 at 6:29am PDT'Philip had written a woman that is very archetypal in some way to how a glamorous woman would stand out in a male's world,' said Wilson. 'People stop in the streets to look at her. She makes an impression wherever she goes. I think that's really important: she has to look a certain way. She likes being looked at and she likes having that power.'There's also a sense to these clothes that they're built to last – their timelessness indicates that they're anything but transient, a refreshing quality in the midst of the planet's ongoing battle with fast fashion. Last night's episode even featured some beautiful sleepwear in the form of Mrs Coulter's silk dressing gown – proof that fabulous pyjamas will make you feel exponentially better than those old joggers we all save for substitute PJS.While you may want to avoid taking literal cues from Ruth Wilson's on-screen clothes, lest you become too costumey, there are plenty of contemporary options that will give you the same sort of feeling. From velvet party dresses to tailored dresses and fitted suits, there's a wealth of pieces on offer at the moment that feel built to last – and suitably glamorous.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Fashion and beauty enthusiasts, rejoice: we've joined forces with Canary Wharf to host an exclusive luxury event that will satisfy all of your shopping needs. Taking place during Canary Wharf's Winter Fashion Event from 29th November - 1st December 2019, we're inviting you to join us at the shopping destination (which is home to over 120 high-street and high-end stores across five malls) for an afternoon of indulgence.At the exclusive Grazia reader event, you can expect to tuck into delicious drinks and canapes, and attend a Q&A with Grazia's very own Fashion News & Features Director, Laura Jordan, who you can quiz on everything fashion-related. Each guest will also be given a free goody bag worth £30, plus the chance to win a £250 shopping gift card and a £100 meal at Canary Wharf.While in Canary Wharf, you can also watch two exciting catwalk shows styled by Laura for the Winter Fashion Event (which is open to the public), as well as browse the shop discounts of up to 40%.And if you're wondering which Grazia-approved stores you can find at Canary Wharf - well, they've pretty much got everything from The Kooples, Sandro and Maje, to Monica Vinader, Mulberry and Reiss. Whilst this luxury shopping destination has plenty of stories for you to browse, it also has the benefit of being spacious, meaning that your shopping experience will be relaxed and enjoyable. So, whether you’re looking for a coat that will last forever, a seasonal party update or - gulp! - still need to crack that Christmas gift list, Canary Wharf will be the place for you.The exclusive Grazia x Canary Wharf reader event will take place amidst Canary Wharf’s Winter Fashion Event from Friday 29th November - Sunday 1st December 2019. Spaces will be given on a first come first serve basis.Date: Saturday 30th NovemberTime: 10.45am arrivalLocation: Level 31, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London.This exclusive area of the Canary Wharf shopping destination features gorgeous views of the city, and is decked out with stunning décor inside. It's also not open to members of the public, making it all that bit extra special.We are now at full capacity, but keep checking back to see if any slots re-open.For more information on the incredible Canary Wharf shopping destination, visit their website here. Join the conversation over the weekend with @canarywharflondon #CanaryWharf #WinterFashionCW© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Singles' Day may be a Chinese phenomenon but it's one that is quickly gathering pace with brands on UK shores. For those who haven't heard of it, it's a day intended to celebrate people's single status, always falling on 11 November (11.11 – picked as the number one supposedly represents a single person). Whether or not you're eligible to celebrate such a holiday, or indeed actually want to, the good news is that ASOS has decided to reward us all in celebration – with a flash sale.Starting today, there will be 20% off absolutely everything on ASOS until 8am tomorrow morning. Naturally, this doesn't give you that much time, so it might be best to spend your lunch break browsing (you should also visit our Lunchtime Shop for inspiration) and adding items to your wish list, so that you're ready and raring to buy.The sheer volume of products on ASOS can be overwhelming, but there are a few fail-safes it's worth looking at. To begin with, ASOS White consistently delivers stand-out pieces that look expensive and are of a high quality, meaning they'll last longer in your wardrobe. This obviously suggests it's a more sustainable way of shopping, rather than simply filling your virtual basket with a load of lower price items you don't really need.Speaking of sustainability, ASOS also offers a Responsible Edit, full of clothes, accessories and even homeware that has a more conscious leaning. In the brand's own words, 'Look out for recycled goods, where waste, plastic and textiles have been recreated as new products. You’ll also find sustainable fibres and fabrics, which use less water and exert less waste along the way, making these buys better for the environment.'There's also a huge number of brands stocked on ASOS, meaning you can buy that & Other Stories dress you've had your eye on for 20% less, or you could even invest in something from one of the designer labels on site including Calvin Klein and Michael Kors.As well as its flash sale, Asos has also teamed up with dating app Bumble. If you log in on the app to match with the ASOS x Bumble profile, you could claim an exclusive discount early.Whether or not you're single, it looks like today is a very good day for your wardrobe.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if you carry your laptop around in a) a canvas tote, b) a bag-for-life or c) your arms? This isn’t an exercise in shaming – I wedged my mac into a basket bag for most of LFW – but now feels like the right time to treat yourself to an upgrade. Away, the luggage label that’s become a firm fashion editor favourite, has just branched out into laptop receptacles - and they’re really much more fit for purpose than anything you’ll get at a supermarket checkout.The rather cleverly-named Latitude and Longitude totes - I’ll give you one guess which is wider and which is taller - are nothing like the clumpy briefcases that you might be imagining. They can fit a 15-inch laptop, come with a magnetic closure and have a removable exterior strap that attaches to any Away suitcase. Clever, no?If a sleek leather tote isn’t quite your vibe, then there are surprisingly chic backpacks that come with in-built laptop pockets. Stella McCartney x Adidas’ fits a 15-inch laptop and has three external pockets with zips where you can store any charger cables. At the very least, you should treat yourself to a proper laptop sleeve. Could Ganni’s camo version be any cuter?READ MORE:These Are The Chic Weekend Bags That Will Ensure You Always Travel In Style15 It Bags You’re Going To See Everywhere This Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is much that can go wrong during party season. You could get appallingly drunk in front of your colleagues (and tell then what you really think). You could end up forking out for a x5 Uber surge. You could make a big mistake under the mistletoe. For many of us, however, the party fail we’d choose to dodge above all others is turning up in the same dress as someone else – although owners of a certain Zara dress may beg to differ.There is a way to avoid it, however: buying vintage. And thanks to fashion’s renewed appreciation for second hand clothes, it’s no longer the arduous hunt it once was. Vestiaire Collective recently opened its first offline boutique in Selfridges and Ralph Lauren has collaborated with Depop. Farfetch has its Second Life scheme, which offers its customers the chance to trade in their pre-loved handbags, that are then resold on the site. No wonder even clan Kardashian – traditionally devotees of the newest, latest pieces – have become vintage aficionados.Leading the charge of the vintage revival, and championing the luxury end of the market, is Marie Blanchet, CEO of William Vintage. Visit William Vintage’s Marylebone boutique and you’ll find rare Alexander McQueen showpieces alongside Christian Dior couture. Meghan Markle and Amal Clooney are fans of Blanchet's expert selection, ruthless edit and masterful curation. ‘I see William Vintage, not as a vintage business which sells old clothes, but as a fashion brand that makes fashion without actually making the clothes, instead sourcing them and making an edit of pieces that are not only relevant historically and within each of the designer’s careers, but also pieces that look strikingly modern,’ she explains.And now William Vintage has launched its dropped its second edit in collaboration with Matchesfashion.com. Just in time for party season the new drop has a decadent, after dark edge – a 1983 Versace chainmail dress, a 1963 coral-trimmed Givenchy gown and matching coat, and a 1960s Courrèges vinyl trench. ‘A vintage edit that speaks to the woman of 2019,’ is how Blanchet describes it. ‘It is magical and extremely fun how you can reinvent fashion of yesterday by the way you style it’. In our words: all we want to wear this party season.If you’re wondering where to start, then take note from Blanchet. A ridiculously chic Parisian with a weakness for Yves Saint Laurent, she is the best ambassador for shopping vintage this party season. ‘A late ’80s, very low, black Le Smocking jumpsuit from Yves Saint Laurent has been my go to for years, dressed up or dressed down,’ she says. She also loves ‘a 1930s black silk velvet cape that is as comfortable as a dressing gown while chicer than anything. And I love Alaïa stretch mini dresses, Azzedine Alaïa made the women's body look more empowered and beautiful than anyone.'Blanchet might have her run of haute designer purchases but the five pieces she advises you look out for this festive season are 1980s smocked jumpsuits, long silk bias dresses from the ’30s, late ’70s wrap dresses (extra points for Halston), mini dresses from the ’80s and ’90s and 1980s power shoulders.In order to avoid looking too literal, Blanchet advises that you don’t do a total vintage look. ‘Go for one strong piece only,’ she says, ‘Party dressing doesn't mean fancy dress, or costume. As much work as there is behind putting the look together it needs to feel effortless, very natural and more importantly very “you”’. Heavy make-up and over-accessorizing are also a no-no. ‘Elegance is all about comfort,’ says Blanchet. And don’t be shy about customizing: ‘Making it modern is all about mixing vintage with current or past season key pieces. Don't hesitate to have the piece tailored or slightly adjusted to your taste, for example removing some too intense shoulder pads from an ’80s jacket or shortening the length of a ’90s cocktail dress’.So why the appeal? ‘Party season is all about being bold, owning your femininity and having fun,’ says Blanchet. Plus, when better than now to embrace a bit of fantasy? ‘I do believe that going back in time is somehow a great way to free ourselves. Imagine going back to Paris before the Second World War by wearing a 1930s ivory silk long bias dress, or to New York in 1979 by wearing a gold Halston wrap dress. You could be in Miami at the height of Gianni Versace or feeling like Donyale Luna pictured by David Bailey while wearing 1960s Paco Rabanne.'Buying vintage also ensures you’ll have your place on Santa’s nice list. ‘It’s a sustainable and ethical fashion option,’ says Blanchet. ‘By buying vintage for party season, you are buying a piece that holds, in itself, stories of those decadent and somehow more free times’. So much more of a thrill than panic buying something new, wouldn’t you agree?Party season vintage is a no brainer. We can promise you won’t run into someone else wearing the same piece, but as for getting too drunk in front of your colleagues – that’s on you.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Shoppers waiting hours to get their hands on the Giambattista Valli x H&M collection were sorely disappointed after the website crashed and the garments instantly sold out.Customers around the globe took to Twitter to complain about the site, claiming they were refreshing the site for hours in a futile attempt to get their hands on the coveted clothes. Unfortunately when they finally managed to access the online store, they claim everything had sold out.One angry customer tweeted, 'Sat on your website since 8am, no sizes large than a 14, tried to buy 2 dresses both out of stock. #BS'.Another added, 'Your website is down. I am trying to checkout on both chrome and safari and every time I click go to shopping, I get a spinning wheel and it is stuck. Can you help?'One customer also claimed this happens every year and lambasted the retailer for overspending on the ad campaign, which saw supermodel Kendall Jenner wearing the embellished gowns.'Every single year the website doesn't work,' she wrote. 'Oh how I wish H&M would plough money into the website as they do on the ad campaign and blogger events.'Despite the collection selling out on the retailer's website, it didn't take long for the garments to find their way onto reselling platforms eBay and Depop for double their original price.While the Giambattista Valli x H&M black embroidered ball gown was £249.99 when it first launched, it's now selling for £499 on Depop.Ouch!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Once, vintage shopping meant trawling through musty rails at a second-hand store or car boot sale. Now it’s as easy as the tap of a finger, thanks to the rise of vintage dealers, fashion editors and influencers on Instagram, selling a personal curation of pre-loved fashion finds on their feeds.The movement makes sense. With a million tonnes of clothes disposed of every year in the UK and over 20% of that ending up in landfill, the idea of buying pre-loved clothing is ever more appealing. Even more so if you can do it in just a few easy swipes.Charon Cooijmans, founder of @theceiling.shop – which offers ’80s and ’90s vintage – was one of the pioneers of the booming vintage Insta scene. Having worked as a model for a decade, initially her Instagram account was a way of upcycling her personal vintage collection. ‘After living in Paris and New York, I returned home and based myself in Amsterdam. Over the years, I collected so many beautiful pieces that I thrifted from all over,’ she remembers, of setting it up in December 2017. Today, she sources pieces direct for the account – with highlights including Céline mules, a YSL slip dress and Versace oval sunnies.‘With The Ceiling, I want to offer a curated selection of vintage with an edge; pieces that you’ll keep for a long time, or better, a lifetime. Pieces you want to wear over and over. It’s not necessary to desire new things all the time.’ Buying vintage directly via Instagram, where the sellers often model, photograph and style the items themselves, perhaps makes sense – not least because you can correspond directly with the dealer about what piece you’re looking for. ‘Obviously, I know [my regular customers’] sizes and preferences, but I’m also up to date on their holiday destinations, pregnancies and other highlights that need special occasion dressing,’ Charon explains.It’s a similar story at @retold_vintage, which was spawned from a love of vintage matched with a desire to offer a fast fashion substitute. ‘I was going through a period of change in my consumer values after leaving a high-street retailer job I’d had for 15 years, and I was turning to vintage more as an alternative to buying new,’ London-based founder Clare Lewis explains.Offering ‘a mix of tailored blazers and trousers, as well as gorgeous blouses that you can throw on with jeans,’ Retold is perfect for anyone with a penchant for ’90s minimalism and a muted colour palette. ‘I know when I’ve discovered a treasure, I can’t wait to share it with all my followers [17K and counting]. But there are also times when my customers really surprise me. Sometimes I post items I may not have been so sure about, and the response is amazing. Each time, I learn a little bit more about what they’d like to see and it takes me out of my comfort zone.’For those daunted by the prospect of shopping for vintage virtually, Clare Lewis has tips to ensure you make the best purchases. ‘The majority of traders will post new items at specific times, so find out when these are and turn on your notifications so you don’t miss out. Invest in a tape measure and know your measurements. Most vintage traders will describe the garment in inches/cm rather than standard sizes.’ And find the ‘vint-influencer’, who suits your style.Queen of the printed dress, for example, stylist and fashion editor Florrie Thomas, announced last month that she would be selling vintage dresses that she’s collected throughout her career through her Instagram @florriet. ‘Unfortunately, we’ve all been programmed to love the thrill of the new, which is something I battle with as much as the next person. Aside from the obvious advice to buy less and be conscious of choosing better quality pieces that aren’t simply fads, buying something that has had a life before is a way of indulging in something new whilst recycling.’But for all the pros of Instagram vintage dealers, Florrie does warn buyers that they might need to be willing to adapt their purchase. ‘Don’t be afraid to buy things that need taking up or in. I use my local dry cleaner for this,’ she explains. ‘A lot of the ’70s sweeping dresses I’m selling look more modern when they’re taken up to show a little ankle, and this can normally be done very inexpensively.’If you are looking to try before you buy, however, peer-to-peer social shopping app Depop has just opened a space in the Selfridges Designer Studio. The pop-up, open until the end of October, features a curation of Depop’s top sellers, introducing their otherwise digital inventories to people in the real world. Throughout September, they will ‘introduce a roster of individuals who are focused on upcycling, reworking and extending the life of garments within a sustainability narrative’, Peter Semple, Depop’s chief marketing officer, tells Grazia.However you chose to find your vintage treasures, though, as Florrie Thomas affirms, ‘the thrill of finding and wearing something totally unique is really like no other’.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Help fund the work of female-led filmmaking and writing on film by treating one very lucky friend to this cool 100% organic cotton t-shirt from Girls On Tops x Little White Lies magazine. Illustrated by Sophie Mo, this cute floral version of the original GRETA t-shirt will undoubtedly hold a special place in your mate's heart/wardrobe. And you can rest assured that all orders are packaged in 100% recycled and recyclable plastic. 'Don't forget to have fun' is a fairly key mantra for living your life by, so don't let them forget it. Thankfully, Mr Bingo has come up with the goods again and handmade this pithy gravestone just in time for Christmas. Tip: Keep an eye on Mr B's Instagram for batch releases… but get in quick: these beauties sell out fast. We have been eagerly awaiting this new release from one of our favourite photographers, award-winning Jimmy Marble, and it does not disappoint. Filled with the brightest candy-coloured fashion and lifestyle images of models and celebrities, this tome will brighten up your best friend's Christmas no end, transporting them to the sunny climes of Southern California. At the core of this brilliant charity is a collective of artists living with physical and learning disabilities, who work alongside instructors to create artworks, which are developed into designer products. Unusually, 100% of the revenue from each purchase goes straight back into the charity. Where ARTHOUSE Unlimited really excels is in the gorgeous luxe design of the packaging, and the high quality of not only the artwork, but also the end products – whether that be soap, bags, chocolate, ceramics etc. In addition the gorgeous packaging, expect little surprises along the way – such as the messages of love inscribed on the soaps. And wow these soaps smell amazing. We are seriously impressed with this brand and will definitely be gifting it this Christmas. Bring a bit of cosmic sparkle to their coffee table with this set of cork coasters, designed and produced by Scandi brand, &Klevering. These luxe cosmic-inspired coasters are surprisingly affordable and would make a gorgeous Christmas gift with their shiny blue/gold colour theme. We highly recommend ordering this set from Not-Another-Bill, who wrap with some of the cutest re-usable gift packaging we've seen. Show your ride-or-die some love with this delicate gold-plated necklace from Estella Bartley. This pendant was inspired by female empowerment and makes for an affordable friendship gift that they will cherish forever. This super-special book full of tri-tone never-before-published portraits of Kate Moss taken in the early '90s by her then-boyfriend, photographer Mario Sorrenti, is a must for any fan of the supermodel. The 50 intimate photos – which come in a chic cloth-covered clamshell box – beautifully capture that moment in time, just before La Moss' rise to world-wide fame, when the fresh faced model was casually hanging out with her boyfriend, who just so happened to be a highly talented photographer. May we reiterate right now, we would really quite like/need this book. Give your BFF the gift of youth and healthy hair with this super-luxe silk pillowcase from Slipsilk. Composed of long-fibre mulberry silk, and free from toxic dyes, this clever case reduces friction, which in turn reduces tugging and stretching of delicate skin and hair fibres. As silk fibres are much less absorbant than cotton and linen, you will also be helping keep that expensive night cream exactly where it belongs. And your best friend will be in excellent company with the likes of Gisele, Victoria Beckham, Rosie Huntington-Whitely and Jourdan Dunn, who have all professed their devotion to SilkSlip. Got a slightly peculiar pal? We know we have and we also know they would love this cute gold embossed leather keyring, celebrating their weirdness. Is your best friend selfie-obsessed? The time's come to recycle that old selfie stick, for now they can take flight with the world's smallest, lightest 12 MP aerial camera. And think of those amazing group shots they will be able to take. This clever drone is able to track their face when in flight, in order to keep it stable and their pictures blur-free. It also comes with 16 GB of storage space. So what are you waiting for? Get charging it up and you and your friend can have over an hour of continuous flight/posing. Whether you have fond memories of Keanu Reeves from the first time around (hello the '90s) or whether he has become a potential new love interest, this 68 page fanzine will keep you entertained for hours. Limited to an edition of 500 copies, this scrapbook tells the story of Meredith Nirui who became a devoted fan of Keanu's after he starred in the film Speed, in 1994. Filled with photos and diary exerts from her time following his band, Dogstar, this heartwarming story of devotion is one you won't forget. Your best friend need look no further for daily mantras, for feminist illustrator and activist, Florence Given, holds the key. If she/he needs a pep talk on self-reliance, then this tongue-in-cheek tote bag will remind them, and those around them, every single time they carry it. Comprising a Make It Happen notebook, a Goals diary (with to-do list) and weekly schedule, this set will help enable her to set and smash her goals. And it's vegan-friendly, to boot!This super sweet initial charm bracelet comes very high on our wish list. Crafted in Sterling silver with 22 carat gold plating, this is part of Rachel Jackson's classics range. We love just how tiny the art deco charm is and cross all our fingers and toes that we will be stacking it with our other gold bracelets come Christmas Day. When we think of a wall planner, we don't necessarily think of fluorescent colours and cool type, but the good people at Risotto have given us exactly that. At (just over) A2 sized, this large three colour, Risograph calendar packs a visual punch and would look great either in an office, or at home. And for that added personalisation, you could always gift it pre-marked up with some BFF meet ups. Give the gift of sound and music with this super-compact Beoplay P2 speaker from audiophile-approved premium brand, Bang and Olufsen. As you'd expect from B&O it's a bit more than your average Bluetooth speaker, with 10 hours charge, amazing sound quality, and (our favourite bit) an accompanying app allowing you to change sound profile and other smart features. You can even take phone calls on it. And given it's so portable, your friend will have no excuse not to treat you to their latest playlist with them next time you hangout. This cute pink diamond geometric throw is the ideal gift for your eco-conscious pal who also enjoys their home comforts – for this sustainable throw is crafted entirely from recycled plastic bottles and recycled cotton. It's also surprisingly soft and is perfect for keeping folded on the edge of a sofa – all ready for those cold winter nights. If you want your friend to think you've been treasure hunting for antique jewels, but don't have the time to actually do that, then head to And Other Stories where you can pick up these bang on-trend pearly numbers and some brownie points at the same time. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Meghan Markle attended the 91st Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey yesterday, and while we're excited about her coat (it's official, coat season is here), we're obsessed with her boots. Designed by Tamara Mellon in collaboration with Frame, the leather boots are priced at £620, and if you don't fancy black, they're available in tan leather too.The Duchess of Sussex isn't the first royal to support a killer slouch boot. Princess Diana was photographed on several occasions in an oxblood pair, which she also owned in beige and black leather. Like Meghan, she paired them with dresses and coats, showing off the slouch detailing. After all there's no point in covering power boots with a pair of trousers, is there?Let's start with the slouch boot's most difficult pairing, trousers. A general rule to remember: the closer the fit the better they'll sit. Skinny trousers, for example, are perfect, a straight-leg style will also be ideal, but a flare – afraid not.Now here's where it gets tricky, because I'm about to completely contradict myself. It depends on your personal style of course but it is possible to pair baggy styled trousers with slouchy booty, for a more relaxed look. Top tip: choose baggy trousers with an elasticated ankle, like a jogger style. This will make it easier to put the boot straight on, and avoid some vigorous folding of excess material around your leg.Denim is a lot easier, because it's traditionally a stiffer fabric. Skinny, straight-leg, even boyfriend jeans will work. If you're feeling adventurous, try a jumpsuit.If you're more concerned about the world seeing your new boots than keeping warm, opt for dresses and skirts. Although having said that, you can easily add a pair of tights underneath for those frosty winter days.READ MORE:We've Found The Impossible Dream: Knee-High Wide-Calf Boots That Look Good (And Actually Fit)The Boots That Will Bust Your January BluesThese Are 15 Of The Best Winter Boots Money Can Buy© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Step away from the sensible layers, wave goodbye to early nights and stock up on Compeeds - party season is coming.Six weeks of cocktails, canapés and control pants can wreak havoc on the style sensibilities of even the most sartorially self-assured. There is a stiletto-fine line between glamour and gaudiness, and non-stop nights out fueled by gallons of festive ebullience tend to blur it.So, if you're already wondering how to do party season the right way, look to the place that has eveningwear in its DNA: Hollywood. This month's Governor's Awards and Hollywood Film Awards didn't just offer a tantalizing teaser of things to come this awards season, but a masterclass in out-out dressing. Watch and learn.Fashion fact: you can never go wrong with an LBD. Keep it classic, like Renee in A.W.A.K.E. Mode, or, if you're feeling bold, amp up the sexiness by opting for a sheer style like Kate Mara at the Governors Awards - just make sure your best bra isn't in the wash.Simple does not always mean plain. Freeze the froufrou; pared-back looks have extra oomph in punchy shades and unexpected silhouettes. Side note: Charlize Theron proves that a T-shirt, admittedly hers is a luxe Tom Ford one) is now after-dark approved.Come on, if you can't do sequins now, when can you? The takeaway from LA: it's time to go all-out in high-voltage sparkles. Top off your look with a bow, like Gugu Mbatha-Raw in spangled Dolce & Gabbana.They do say purple Quality Street is everyone's favourite. Less obvious than red, indigo is equally opulent. Running the gamut from sweet lilac to regal amethyst, there's a purple to suit every skin tone.Not a dress girl? Dakota Johnson proves that a jumpsuit can still give a gown a run for its money in the look-at-me-stakes.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Prada and Adidas have just released a glimpse at the first products to launch as part of their upcoming collaboration, the beginning of a new 'special partnership' between the two powerhouse brands. Launching on December 4, this initial drop includes a new pair of the iconic Adidas Superstar trainers, stamped with Prada's moniker and a bowling bag for adidas, which echoes the Prada Bowling bag as well as the Adidas gym bag,There will only be 700 of these Prada for adidas Limited Edition pieces available and, as yet, pricing information is not available. Everything will be made in Italy by Prada, 'indicating the superlative quality synonymous with the brand and its inimitable expertise in accessories and 106-year history as a luxury leather goods house,' according to each brand. We've been promised that Prada for Adidas will be a 'partnership of heritage, technology and innovation', and it will focus on 'an authentic fusion of fashion and performance'. What this actually means, in terms of future collections, remains quite vague at this point but the brands have specifically referenced their extensive archives, as illustrated by this first launch of Superstar trainers, which have been an Adidas staple for 50 years. Next year will see the launch of the new Luna Rossa performance sailing footwear but, apart from that, Prada and Adidas are being deliberately secretive.What is a certain, however, is that it's going to be interesting. Prada is a brand known for its innovative approach and thoughtful collections, while Adidas is no stranger to high fashion having previously collaborated with Stella McCartney and Rick Owens and Raf Simons.Get ready – #PradaForAdidas is coming.Miuccia ignited the fluoro trend for winter 18, which Kim Kardashian has shown herself to be a huge fan of. An irreverent palette, scrunched socks and exquisite embroidery along with flattering silhouettes has always been the brand's USP. These minky coloured shoes kickstarted the feather trend, which is still reverberating on the catwalks today. This feather trimmed pyjama suit took the PJ trend to a new, sleeker level. The layering of socks and heels is a calling card for Miuccia. When Miuccia created this electrifying shearling coat she set forth an unstoppable copy-cat trend, but underneath the covetable coat there's a slinky slip, which exemplifies how the designer plays with proportion and texture to create a luxurious head-to-toe look. Miuccia's construction of Chinoiserie elements - cheongasm collars here and tabi socks there - opened up a healthy debate on cultural appropriation versus cultural appreciation. Miuccia Prada is known as the intellectual woman's designer and this is imminently felt through her strong tailoring for women and the unisex shoes she designed, like these plastic wrapped brogues. The unstoppable appeal of Prada's flame collection was felt again this year when the iconic heel was recreated in new colourways. The expressive flames question purpose and functionality of wedges while referencing the designs of 1950s American cars and the world of Ed Ruscha.  As model Jessica Stam strolled down the autumn winter 11 catwalk she introduced a reimagining of the flapper silhouette and created a trend for 'gorilla' sleeved coats. Inspired by Greco-Roman history, Miuccia Prada reimagined the gladiators as fierce, modern women. Several kilometres outside Martha, Texas, is an faux-Prada shop made in conjunction with artists Elmgreen and Dragset. This 'Pop Architectural Land Art Project' has become a pilgrimage point for mega-fans. At a time when Gucci was selling sexiness, Prada was focusing on irreverency through pencil skirts and cardigans. Simplicity is sometimes the chicest way to make an impact. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I'm the first to admit that I'm guilty of over-wearing my favourite jewellery pieces - and I might even confess to wearing them in the shower (hello green neck) so I'm always looking for ways to give them a quick spruce up and back to looking good as new.If the shine has come off your favourite piece of bling, there’s no need to consign it to the bottom of the jewellery box. It’s pretty easy to bring your baubles back to life – all that’s needed is some scrubbing action and knowing which cleaner to use. Trust me, I'm an expert.Cheap costume jewellery benefits from cleaning as much as more expensive metals. All it needs is a gentle scrub with some toothpaste and an old soft-bristle toothbrush. The baking soda in toothpaste will help rub off the dirt.After scrubbing the jewellery for five to 10 minutes, rinse with warm water and dry thoroughly with a dry cloth. Avoid gel toothpastes or ones that contain whitening or tartar-control chemicals, as they may damage the metal.Over time, silver can develop a depressingly dull finish. The scrubbing method is a tad too abrasive here, but a surprisingly easy hands-free technique does exist: all you need is water, salt, tinfoil and bicarbonate of soda.Cover a plate with a sheet of tinfoil and add one tablespoon each of salt and bicarbonate. Next, pour one cup of hot water (not boiling) over the mixture and stir gently to dissolve. Place your jewellery into the solution and leave for 10 minutes – the combination of salt, bicarbonate and aluminium creates a chemical reaction that oxidises the tarnish straight off your silver. Science is magic, see?While gold doesn’t tarnish as easily as silver, it can accumulate grime and dirt with regular use. The toothpaste method works great here, but you can also use good old-fashioned dishwashing liquid. Squirt a few drops of detergent into a bowl of warm water and leave your gold jewellery to soak for 15 minutes. Scrub it with an old toothbrush and then rinse in warm water before blotting dry.If your jewellery has stones glued into their setting (like most earrings), you’ll need to take extra care when cleaning. These shouldn’t be submerged in warm water, as this may loosen the glue and cause them to drop out. Spot clean the gems by wiping them with a cloth soaked in some soapy water; next, wipe off the suds with a cloth dampened with water. Dry thoroughly.While hard stones such as diamonds, rubies and imitation gems (read: those flashy cheap rhinestones) are pretty hardy, special treatment is needed for softer stones such as pearls. Check this chart for what kind of cleaning methods your precious gems require.The Chicest And Affordable Jewellery Must-Haves2of8© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Met Ball, held on the first Monday in May, is like fashion Christmas. And while at the moment we're looking forward to actual Christmas, it won't be long until the pictures of celebrities attending the fanciest fancy dress party in the entire world heralds the start of the summer.  According to IAMFASHION, the theme for the 2020 Met Gala has just been announced, and it's going to be (drum roll please) 'About Time: Fashion and Duration'.  The inspiration comes from the 1992 Sally Potter film Orlando.It's possible, given that some guests seem to struggle to really nail the concept of 'camp' last year, that time travel is an easier or more obvious theme. But it also means corsets, brocade and possibly swords, so we're suitably excited about that. The film Orlando is loosely based on the book of the same name by Virginia Woolf and it's a meditation on the fluidity of gender, as well as time travel. So we're looking forward to some knock-out period clothing made modern, combined with some playful attitudes towards traditional gender roles. The co-chairs for the Gala will be (deep breath - this list is astonishing): Nicolas Ghesquière, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Meryl Streep, Emma Stone, and Anna Wintour. So that's just some of our absolute favourite people in the world. No big deal.  Credit: GettyAll The Best Looks At The Met Gala 2019 SLIDER2of99© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Heist makes such good tights that many brands have raised the stakes to try and keep up. I know this because those brands have told me as much, stressing that people now want a higher waistband, the promise of a ladder-free life and a silky finish. While Heist's products have always been brilliant, today sees the launch of the brand's first sustainable tights – and they're just in time for party season.The Fishnet is the latest recruit. Not only are they made from recycled materials, the way they're made also uses less water and produces a lower amount of CO2. In terms of the material, it includes over 86% of recycled waste, including a sustainable form of nylon. They still have the brand's signature hand-sewn, adaptive waistband, which basically means they never roll over or dig in (I can personally attest to this).It's good timing, too. While tights are, for most of us, the crux of our cold weather wardrobes, they have also been given fashion's stamp of approval thanks to a host of new hosiery on the catwalks. From Gucci's logo tights to Versace's colourful lace, your old black opaques have been significantly upgraded this season.That's not to say, however, that we should overlook the brilliance of black tights. But with Heist's new fishnets and a wealth of jazzy options on offer, you can make any outfit instantly more interesting – and with zero effort. Music to my ears as we head towards a time of year to which some refer as 'party season'. I prefer to call it 'No sorry, I'm busy tonight.' This, of course, may all change this year, if I'm armed (legged?) with a pair of Heist's fishnets. Not only will I look great, I can brag about my sustainable credentials.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s official - winter coat season is upon us. Before bundling up, you might want to consult our cold weather muse of the moment. Drumroll please - it’s the Duchess of Sussex.Visiting the Field of Remembrance outside Westminster Abbey this morning, the Duchess gave us a masterclass in how to style a smart winter coat.The navy blue wrap number is from Sentaler, a Canadian outerwear brand that Meghan has worn on several occasions, and she accessoried with a velvet net headpiece from Philip Treacy, leather gloves and knee-high boots with a little slouch.But this isn’t just a nice coat. Meghan has a clear strategy. She usually chooses outerwear that hits that sweet spot around the mid-calf - so much more flattering than above the knee - and this time added a leather belt to pull in the waist. She also left her boots disappear underneath her coat's hem; much more weather-appropriate, not to mention comfortable, than court heels.Praise be. She's given us a reason to embrace cold weather.READ MORE: All Of The Reasons Why Autumn Fashion Is Actually Much Better Than Summer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What's not to love about an evergreen dress? The wardrobe staple that you can pull out, throw on and always trust in. This season it's the shirt dress. Considered to be your summer perennial, we're here to supply you with some simple styling tips that will mean you can comfortably wear your shirt dress this winter too. We're all for helping you make the most out of your favourite purchase, and with the weather on the turn and the darker mornings to blame for our late to work sartorial panic, it’s hard to resist the appeal of one-step dressing.It’s time to pop your collar…One simple way to adopt the look come winter is to don a darker hue. So swap crisp white for black leather this season. Finish with army boots and tights for a tougher look and if the weather gets a little nippy.Cue trousers under dresses. Definitely a catwalk trend this season, with Charlotte Knowles showing us who to rock a flare with a mini dress. But if you're not entirely comfortable with a flared trouser, opt for skinny leather pants over a crisps shirt - potential work attire.Try playful accessories for the evening, like this triangular bag.There's no limit to layering so drape a waistcoat over your dress for added warmth (and style points).Come winter, tights are a sartorial saviour. But what happens when you've laddered nearly every pair? The answer, try a floor-skimming shirt dress. We hear you, they're harder to come by, but don't worry, we've done the leg work for you in the gallery below - you're welcome.Pair a button-up shirt dress with boots and finish with a suede jacket when the cold breeze blows in.For a wintery feel in one fell swoop, accessorise a shirt dress with a statement hat. Opt for knee length boots to successfully bring the classic garment into winter. Drape a corduroy jacket over your shoulders and you have autumnal dressing nailed.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If there's one brand that knows how to create mass hysteria with clothes, it's H&M. The high street mega-chain has become renowned for its designer collaborations, each year choosing a fashion house with which to work on an exclusive collection of pieces. Last year was the turn of Moschino and the year before that was Erdem. This year's designer? Giambattista Valli, he of the gargantuan tulle gowns worn by Brie Larsen, Lupita Nyong’o and Lily Collins on the red carpet.And, after months of anticipation, you can finally shop it right here. There was, of course, a show in Rome’s Palazzo Doria Pamphilj, a privately-owned house with walls cluttered with works by the Italian masters Caravaggio, Titian and Raphael. Kendall Jenner, the campaign star, opened the show in a pale version of the hot pink micro-dress she wore to announce the collab at the Cannes Film Festival in May. And yes, it is on sale with the rest of the collection.There is also plenty of elevated streetwear to keep the high street shopper happy - the pearl-encrusted hoodie, sequinned track pants and leopard-print coats will fly into baskets - and a big helping of the kind of mega gown that Giambattista specialises in. As the face of the collab, Jenner told Vogue: 'I’ve always been a really big fan of Giambattista Valli. I’ve worn a lot of his stuff on red carpets and we’ve created a relationship. I remember, I was trying on one of his dresses with my stylist for an event and we FaceTimed him to say hi and just show him the dress. He was like, “I really want you to come to Cannes with me. I have a surprise: I’m collaborating with H&M and I’d love for you to be a part of it.” Considering he and I had such a great relationship, it was an easy yes.'Jenner's dress was actually amended especially for her by Valli. The one on sale is short, without a train – Jenner's train was created by stitching together other dresses. It went on sale shortly after the announcement back in May, along with several other pieces from the collection. This initial drop sold out in minutes, crashing the H&M website (no surprises there).Some of the tulle dresses that sold out in the first offering are now on eBay for £1,550, we'd say it's probably for the best that there's even more choice.But frocks with serious flounce aren’t the only things to bookmark. There's also the hooded anorak (printed with a Renaissance painting on the reverse), the track pants covered in ‘gold leaf’, the red snake-effect trousers and the faux-fur leopard-print coat.It might include anoraks and track pants, but make no mistake - there’s nothing casual about this collection. The jeans are high-waisted and tie-dyed, while the hoodies are sewn with dots of diamante. It’s unashamedly glamorous - the campaign images were shot by Mert and Marcus in the show space of Palazzo Doria Pamphilj - and reflects Valli’s couture ethos. Speaking to Vogue, he said: 'I’m not a designer who dresses someone to go to work — my community is very jetset. I love this idea of people being comfortable moving from one country to another; one culture to another.'The prices, thankfully, also suit non-jetset pockets. A T-shirt is £24.99, while some of the more swoon-worthy gowns stretch to £299.99. Valli told_Vogue_: 'Yes, the designs are in a different fabric to what I normally use and will be sold at different prices, but everything has a meaning, down to the most simple sweatshirt.' It's affordable, yes, but is still signature Giambattista Valli. 'I don’t want the collaboration to be a parody. I’m a perfectionist; I want the collection to be totally faithful and honest to the customer.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Helena Bonham Carter has played the virginal ingenue (Lucy Honeychurch), the witch (Bellatrix Lestrange) and the ghostly spinster (Miss Havisham), but, one might argue, never has costume been more integral to her character than her current gig as Princess Margaret. The Crown season three drops on 17 November and picks up slap bang in the middle of the ’60s. The promo still of Helena, wearing a flowered hat and ornate clip-on earrings, promises that the fashion will be every bit as tantalising as that worn by Vanessa Kirby (who played the Queen’s younger sister in the first two seasons) and her wardrobe of cat’s-eye sunglasses, checked woollen coats and satin ballgowns.SHOP: Brora x Save The Children, Cashmere Phenomenal Woman Scarf, £225Princess Margaret was always the more experimental dresser of the two. Kirby referred to her, rather tellingly, as ‘the badass royal’. It’s a trait that Bonham Carter relates to. She comes up with a series of questions, rather than answers, when describing her personal style: ‘Erratic? Experimental? Not beige?’ She also shares her on-screen persona’s love of getting dressed up. ‘I love clothes. Dressing each day is an opportunity to dress up,’ she says.SHOP: Brora x Save The Children, Cashmere Cable Slouchy Hat, £175The next item she’ll be adding to her wardrobe, or ‘dressing-up box’ as she calls it, is a floor-sweeping scarf she designed as part of a collaboration between Brora and Save the Children. She, Erin O’Connor and Laura Bailey have each created a six-piece capsule for the Scottish knitwear brand, available from today. 10% of its sales will be donated to the children’s charity. The do-good sensibility is literally woven into the clothes. For example, Bonham Carter’s striped scarf is emblazoned with the words ‘Phenomenal Woman’ – an homage to Maya Angelou’s poems by the same name – and mimics the Suffragette movement’s ‘Votes For Women’ sash.‘At first, it looked a bit like a football scarf, but then I thought, that’s a good thing. Football is tribal, and we deserve our own team colours,’ says Bonham Carter. She also wants her daughter to take Maya Angelou’s message to heart: that real appeal comes from the inside and not the outside. ‘I wanted to make a scarf for my soon-to-be teenage daughter, and to furnish her with a confidence that will keep today’s social media terrors and “dislikes” at bay.’ How does her fellow contributor Erin O’Connor describe Helena’s scarf? ‘I think it’s feminism at its finest.’ Would Princess Margaret agree? One suspects so.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The pumpkin spiced lattes are out, the sandals are firmly back in (the back of your wardrobe) and the Elf memes are finding their way back into your Facebook feed (in case you forget how many Mondays there are until Christmas). Yes, we are officially in the depths of autumn.But while some of us might be yearning for lazy tanning sessions in the park, you can’t deny the winter months have some pretty major bonus points. Unashamedly re-watching every Richard Curtis movie? New Year's Eve? Nights out nursing a large glass of mulled wine and your 15th mince pie? Bring. It. On.And, of course, the fashion. The knits! Tights! Boots! New coats! As we sashay into autumn, we can’t help but get a little excited about the WWC (Winter Wardrobe Change). Here’s 10 reasons why autumnal style trumps summer's fashion every time...As Marilyn Monroe once said: 'Designers want me to dress like spring, in billowing things. I don't feel like Spring. I feel like a warm red autumn.' The colour palette options for winter are limitless – navy, deep reds, earthy greens, purple... They go with everything, too. Sparkly tights. Coloured tights. Nude tights. You name it, the fash pack are probably wearing it. It's the chicest (and cheapest) addition to that dress you've worn a million times. We'll be channelling Gucci, Versace and –of course – Katie Holmes in her sheer polka dots. Okay, so maybe Joey wearing Chandler's wardrobe is one step too far, but we're all for mastering the Annie Hall vibe now – keeping cosy with stylish waistcoats, cardigans and blazers. More is more.Delicate finishing touches to your ensemble? Forget it… think OTT chokers, gold chains, glitzy gloves and more rings than you have fingers.Let's face it: your outfit options in 30-degree heat are rather limited when it comes to comfort. Tight jeans and thick materials are a big no-no. So basically, our attire from June-September is cotton everything. Then Autumn arrives and the fabric frenzy begins. Come payday, we've got our eye on velvet suits, shimmering brocade dresses and leather jackets.While the hunt for the perfect winter coat is no easy feat, the faux fur option is the chicest – and most huggable – option for autumn. Instant gratification, worn over any outfit.It's scarf time - finally!The wear-with-anything option for winter for that effortless, 1970s Parisian style.Funky footwear is back in fashion – from chunky military boots to Bowie-esque platforms.They are the easiest gift for Secret Santa in the office and also the style staple we literally could not live without in chilly temperatures. And for the fashion-forward who can brave it, you can pair with your beloved heels.READ MORE: The Rules Of Wearing Tights READ MORE: Why The Velvet Dress Will Be Your Winter Wardrobe EssentialREAD MORE: The Best Coats For Autumn/Winter 2016 © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As much as I love the high street, it can sometimes feel a little overwhelming to even browse the latest pieces. With a faster turn around of clothes than ever before, not to mention the ease of online shopping, it can also be tricky to shop sustainably and buy fewer things that will perhaps last a bit longer. This is largely why I am currently in the grips of a sartorial obsession that is significantly improving my wardrobe without over-filling it.You may well have heard of ASOS White, one of the online behemoth's in-house brands. I had, and I'd even bought pieces in the past. But recently, there's been a little shift in the pieces on offer, in the sense that each and every one is utterly brilliant. From blouses to midi dresses, they each have interesting design details (ruched waists, clashing textures and asymmetric shapes) without being unwearable or unflattering. Plus, based on personal experience, these pieces last for years and remain as stylish as on first purchase. It’s all about yolk yellow 🍳 @asos #ASOS #ASOSWHITEA post shared by  Ella Dumbrell + Steph Allen (@kolideinsta) on May 10, 2019 at 1:05am PDTWhether you're looking for a party dress that nobody else will be wearing, workwear that doesn't feel boring or just something stylish and comfy to throw on at the weekend, ASOS White should honestly be your first port of call. The drops are regular enough for you to have fresh options every now and then, but don't seem overwhelming or wasteful. Do love a bit of animal print 🐅🐆🦓 🔍 ASOS WHITE animal mixed print oversized shirt (1427498) 📸 @kylegalvinA post shared by  Lesley (@asos_lesley) on May 12, 2019 at 12:16pm PDTClearly, people have started cottoning on to the sheer genius of ASOS White, as I've noticed several pieces have recently sold out. So, bookmark now to avoid disappointment later on. With silver lame midis, oversized velvet dresses (with pockets!) and statement knits currently all on offer, you won't want to miss these treasures.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Make the festive period that bit merrier for your loved ones with a bottle of something delicious. Whether their tipple of choice comes sparkling or on the rocks, we’ve sampled our way through the lot (ok, a lot) to curate this list of the top 15 booze-related gifts for the drinker in your family. Prepare to be their favourite relative for at least another year…A little hit of coffee doesn't go amiss in these hectic times – so give the gift of boozy caffeine this Christmas, with the Espresso Gift Set from the brilliant Not Another Bill. Along with the coffee and premium spirits – Sandows, Belvedere and Café Patron – our highlight is this elegant pair of to-die-for cocktail glasses, which are so perfect, you'll want to hand them down for generations to come. Liven up your Christmas tree with this set of six gin baubles from Drinks by the Dram. We predict these decorations - containing a tasty selection of gins including Pinkster, Bathtub and Hernö Sloe Gin - won't last long!Here at Grazia we've never hidden our deep, deep love for a good candle. But on an alcohol gift list? Yes, is the answer. This reasonably priced Nights candle, scented with bourbon sugar and tobacco leaf, is reminicent of an early hours speakeasy, and is the perfect accompaniment to a large glass of bourbon.Know a whisky devotee? This set of varying geometric shapes in neutral tones look like modernist design ornaments, but actually come with a higher purpose. After a spell in the freezer, they can drop these in their glass of whisky for a striking look, a cold drink, and no dilution from melting ice. That's what we call a gift. If you're having a period of prolonged tee totaling (or need to buy a gift for someone who is), not drinking alcohol at Christmas can be extra-tough. If it feels like the whole world is drinking heavily, well, erm, they probably are; but don't worry, for help is at hand. Introduce a lucky someone to Seedlip, the super-premium alcohol-free spirit brand. This 3x20cl tasting pack gives a good intro into how they distill their tipples, with three different flavours and serving suggestions. They're also zero calories, sugar & sweetener free, with no artificial flavours to boot. Remind us why we're drinking alcohol again?!So, you might, quite sensibly, think that giving chocolate as a gift at Christmas is not ideal, as your intended recipient will no doubt have plenty of confectionary coming their way already. Well, trust us when we say that they'll definitely find room for a few extra chocolates if they're from Charbonnel et Walker. Our (and the royal family's) go-to for the chicest chocolates, this brand is one of London's oldest chocolatiers, and their experience shows. Just make sure you are there when they break that box open...Free the Tipple is the perfect stocking filler. It lists 100 great women – some of which have been overlooked or downplayed by our patriarchal history books – each one with a small biog, a cool illustrated portrait, and, crucially, a cocktail recipe inspired by their life. No prizes for guessing the clear fizzy mixer in Beyonce's recipe... 101 Whiskies to Try Before You Die is a diverse and well-researched book, recently updated and on its 4th edition for 2019. And most excitingly, you or your (very) loved one can sample a selection of the whiskies while reading, as Master of Malt have cleverly packaged the book with 10 drams of featured whiskies. This is a great way to sample some very fine whiskies, and certainly not one to waste on leaving out for Santa.We're not immune to the party-starting (and extending) qualities of a shot of tequila – the salt-lemon-drink ritual, all part of the boozy fun. These gorgeous glasses are each carved from a single piece of Himalayan pink rock salt, giving them a luminous coral hue, and adding a subtle hint of salt to your favourite Mexican spirit with each sip. Just make sure you shot responsibly! However pretty a bottle might be, you don't tend to keep them. Crystal Head, however, coming packaged in a clear glass skull, is the super cool exception to the rule. Even more special, is this Crystal Head Aurora vodka, a limited-edition collectible with an iridescent finish inspired by the Northern Lights, the Aurora Borealis. And as for the Vodka itself? It's free from additives and made from the purest ingredients which are quadruple-distilled and seven times filtered – with the final 3 filtrations coming through diamond crystals. And just check out those mini skull shot glasses... we die.Outdo your siblings and become the golden child by providing the wine for the table in style, with this pair, presented in a very elegant, sliding wooden box. This delicious duo from Waddesdon is the perfect accompaniment to Christmas, containing both a sparkling and a red wine. The sparkling wine is a 22 month aged blend of Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and Pinot Meunier, created exclusively for Waddesdon by Gusbourne estate; while the 2015 Manor Pauillac is a rich blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot, created by the legendary Chateau Mouton Rothschild. What do you buy for the drink-lover who has everything? May we present to you this Dark Rum scented candle from New York-based Malin & Goetz. The bright yellow packaging in their signature minimal style reveals an elegantly dark coloured candle that smells divine (trust us on this one). This modern interpretation of Bay Rum is one of M&G's top sellers, and we can see (and smell) why.Irish coffee is one of those drinks that's easy to forget about, but on those occasions when we get one, we often think 'why don't I put whiskey in coffee more often?" Well one very valid answer to that question is that you don't really need that extra drink right now, or that it's 7:30 am. For all the flavour and none of the guilt, this Irish whiskey coffee is perfect. The coffee itself is aged in whiskey barrels, giving it a distinctive whiskey finish, with NO ALCOHOL. The perfect 7:30 am pep-up. For the gin connoisseur who has tried pretty much everything out there, we present Caorunn, a small-batch Scottish Gin producer, distilling its wares up in the Scottish Highlands. With a heady mix of traditional and Celtic botanicals, this raspberry edition is made with Perthshire raspberries in a unique Copper Berry Chamber, which maintains its vibrant, fruity flavour. Delicious and affordable. We at Grazia are no strangers to the odd sparkling wine or five, and we're always on the lookout for a new twist on our go-to drink. Offering notes of raspberry and wild strawberry, this Bolney sparkling rose is not only an English wine, but is also a collaboration with the botanic experts at Kew, evoking the sights and sounds of the Sussex countryside. And just look at that gorgeous label...Crafted from 100% English grown Pinot Noir, Meunier and Chardonnay grapes, and blended with appetite stimulating herbs, roots and bitter botanicals, these tasty aperitifs are the perfect accompaniment to a non-alcoholic Christmas. Check out their website for delicious cocktail recipes that will have you wondering why you ever drank in the first place. Is gin and tonic a cocktail? Even without an umbrella? Technically, it is, but we're sure you'd like to do a little better than that when the occasion calls for it. This chic book is the perfect compact-sized compendium of cocktails, mixing both traditional cocktails and newer variations over its 224 pages. And the accompanying photography is very nice, too - so dust off that cocktail shaker and get mixing!Game of Thrones might be over, and for those on our gift list who miss it terribly (and there are quite a few), we've found the perfect present: this limited edition GoT super-smooth single malt whiskey from The Singleton. Please note: Sitting on an iron throne whilst enjoying this House Tully whiskey is entirely optional. For the brandy lover in your life (isn't that everyone at Christmas-time?!), this represents the gift to end all gifts. An icon of Hennessy and one of their most premium offerings, X.O has remained unchanged since its creation. Around 100 of the finest eaux-de-vie (that's brandies made with any fruit apart from grapes, since you ask) are skillfully blended to create this tipple.This limited-edition gift set comes in a distinctive icebox that is literally modeled on a block of ice. The tasting notes say 'Best enjoyed over ice' and after sampling that icebox, we couldn't agree more.Gin's resurged popularity shows no sign of waning. And in good news, this renewed interest in the botanical infused spirit has led to a huge rise in interesting gin flavours and infusions to choose from. Edinburgh Gin's Christmas edition is one such variety, and is one of our faves. It's hard to imagine a more Christmassy ingredients list: botanicals don't get more seasonal than frankincense and myrrh. Flavours of cinnamon and nutmeg also combine with sweet orange notes to make a delicious festive-take on a great gin.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christmas is coming, and Megan Thee Stallion is one of the new faces of Coach's new campaign. The Hot Girl Summer rapper is getting us truly into the festive spirit by looking phenomenal in her first fashion campaign for Coach, alongside Yara Shahidi, Spike and Tonya Lee - and Kate Moss, who throws a party for the A-list stars. For the campaign, which also introduces the house’s new Horse and Carriage collection, Moss herself has thrown a delightful party at an Upper West Side brownstone in New York. (And tbh, we're wondering where our invite was.)The film is written and directed by Bunny Kinney – with appearances from Camila Morrone, Ben Sinclair, the Shahidi family and the Newark Boys Choir. And really getting into the spirit, the brand has also shared an adorable behind-the-scenes video of the supermodel, where she tries to sing Christmas carols, before the usually fearless star gets stage fright.Wondering what Christmas is like with Kate? The supermodel revealed all on Radio 4 last year, saying she likes to spend it in the country – and that even ‘randoms' could secure an invite. ‘I spend it in the country with my family, the whole family gathering,’ she told the station. ‘Anyone’s welcome, any randoms as well. I like a random thrown in for good measure. It’s just yeah, the full-on Christmas works.’Moss also revealed how she tried to cook her Christmas dinner in an aga, before 'running backwards and forwards between houses with people who’ve got a bigger oven than me', and serves her brussels sprouts with chestnuts, bacon and a ‘bit of garlic’. However, her favourite thing to prepare is the gravy. ‘I am good with gravy,’ she revealed, ‘I’m Chief Gravy Maker.'READ MORE: Kate Moss's Style Is Having A Moment Right NowREAD MORE: Brooklyn Beckham and Lottie Moss Have Been LinkedREAD MORE: Kate Moss' Best Ever Birthday Party Outfits© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It has come. It is time. Never mind any 'debate' over how soon is too soon to dig out your tights, if you want to keep your legs warm, we whole heartedly encourage you. Anyway, it's pretty cold outside, so it's just practical. Also, they happen to be an actual trend this season.  I succumbed to the Return Of The Black Tights only a few weeks ago (late to the party, I thought), only to find that over the summer, my tights had managed to create something of a ‘Tight King’ in my drawer. (Please, if you do not know, allow yourself a diverting hour googling ‘Rat King’ Sorry in advance.)They had also evolved into the sort of useless bits of fabrics that meant I spent my first day in tights thinking about naught but my two exposed toes, the ladder down the back and the crotch hanging down around my knees. Katie Holmes in sheer polka dots I was not. Thus began the most crucial bit of Gonzo journalism I have ever untaken, in which I set out to try every pair of black tights on the high street. No, really. I really did. My plan was to road test them all, accompanied by some helpful yet attractive pictures. Well, I don’t know if you’ve ever tried to take photos of yourself wearing tights in a way that is both informative and fun, but my suspicion is that it can’t be done. In trying to helpfully show you my tights, what I ended up with was a series of images just showing you my legs, and every picture looked like I might be for sale on the internet for a disappointingly low price. So instead, here are some classic product shots (you can't go wrong) and a definitive ranking of the top ten tights.Number 10 - They feel nice, sure, but that's not going to cut it in this cut-throat tights test I've invented:Step 1. Pull on tights vigorously like a farmer putting on waders, instead of the correct rolling action of a sexy secretary getting dressed post-illicit liaison.Step 2. Run repeatedly past a small bramble bush.Step 3. Wear all day.They laddered immediately, got those weird black horizontal lines on the thigh, the heel was pulled so thin it was almost bare and my toe came out the end. Sorry everyone. Nil point.Number 9 - Now fair play to H&M these look pretty great on. They're much sheerer than you'd expect for 70 denier, and they look preeeeetty sexy. The 'full support' thing is just that the top is a bit tighter, but they feel nice and look great. HOWEVER. They are super thin and started to develop those black lines that mark them out as a bit on the cheap side. They rouched horribly around the toes if you tried to wear high heels, and had total disregard for stopping the hairs on my knee coming out to say hi. Maybe great for one night out, but at £9.99 that's an expensive night.Number 8 - Now we're talking. For the outrageously small sum of £2.50 you can be the proud owner of a pair of Primark tights. They're made with lycra, so they feel really nice, and they're actually a pretty reliable bet. They're darker than the H&M ones if you're in the market for something more opaque, and also considerably sturdier. They won't stand the test of time, so you need to really look after them – try this tip for putting them in the freezer, and wash them on handwash in a special bag – but for those first few wears they look great, feel nice, and if you're strapped for cash you really can't go wrong.Number 7 - We're back to the £9.99 realm, which means we're asking more of our tights. Full marks for sturdiness here. The weave is a little different, so they don't snag or ladder as easily and they feel lovely and soft – almost fleecy. They're a little baggy, and the colour isn't amazing – edging towards the blue side – but, ultimately, I would say these are fine. They're FINE.Number 6 - Very nice Topshop, very nice. For £8 these are a jolly reasonable pair of tights. They live up to their 'luxe touch' claims, feel quite marvelous and look very smart. You don't want to be climbing over hill and dale in these, because they will ladder, but full marks for looking nice and value for money. A dependable classic.Number 5 - Well played, Gap. These are great pair of tights, even if they're a bit, for want of a better word, worthy. They feel like something a nun might wear. Serious, practical, ready for the day. They're not silky smooth, instead they feel almost bobbly, but they look nice and if you suddenly fall into a Gap advert and have to laugh while ice skating, or run through a forest wearing chunky knitwear, these are for you. £8.95 is up there, but these are definitely going to see you all the way through the winter and be there waiting with an eggnog by the fire.If those H&M tights are your sexy friend who flakes at the end of a night out, these tights are that friend who's into baking and is also a nun.Number 4 - £16?! Things just got very serious. These are very comfortable, despite the Ultra Fit part living up to it's name and sucking everything in. These genuinely do feel like a better quality tight, they don't snag and they're working some serious border control with the hairs on my knees. They look great, they feel nice, and they'll survive the winter ladder-free. Top Marks.Number 2 - These were a last minute addition to the running order and a real surprise. For £13 these feel amazing to pull on. They're pretty opaque, but with a sheer finish when you move that just makes the whole thing look expensive. Classy. These are classy tights. Plus they're properly made so they'll stand the test of time, snag, ladder, hole in the toe-free. Way to go &OS.Number 2 - At £5 for THREE PAIRS, you really can't argue with M&S. Even up against the big boys, these tights still win on all counts. Almost impossibly good value for money. Feel lovely, look great, dependably durable. It's good old Marks & Spencer all the way.Number 1 - OK. So I don't know if I can tell you in all good faith to spend £43 on a pair of tights, but these are pretty incredible. The price is full cray and I laughed all the way home, ready to try them on and dismissively say that these were just another pair of tights, the world's gone mad.But putting them on, like a secretary this time, feels like you've snuck into the Queen's bedroom and tried on her tights. They make you go 'ooooaoh' and ask people to stroke your legs.They've got a full cotton gusset, so you could, if the mood took you, wear them without pants, and for something so sexy and sheer (while still being opaque and elegant) they are so sturdy. They feel really strong, and I was reliably informed that they simply do not ladder. Bridgette in the Regent's Street shop announced she had been wearing hers for two years and I fully believe her. They probably don't ladder because at that price you would treat them like your first born.They shouldn't really be the winner, because they've made a mockery of the value for money category. But if you have never have to buy another pair? And every day you feel like the queen? And they don't snag? And they look great? I think I've tasted the dark side and I can't go back.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...He’s already dressed the likes of Tracee Ellis Ross, Lizzo and Regina King. Now Christopher John Rogers, the 25 year-old Brooklyn-based designer from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, has just won one of the most prestigious prizes in fashion - the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund.‘This is the physical manifestation of the prayers and sacrifices of my forefathers. God, the universe, my family, my TEAM, the judges. Thank you, endlessly,’ he posted on Instagram.The prize is essentially a turbo-boost for his business - $400,000 and mentoring by a CFDA member - not that he wouldn’t have got there on his own. The brand was already making waves on Instagram, with a little help from his famous fan club.Rihanna chose his Wiggle dress in clownfish orange for a Fenty Beauty event in Seoul - Rogers described her as ‘freshly cut sashimi’ on social media - while Michelle Obama wore a custom-made Rogers creation – an iridescent trouser suit no less – during her Becoming book tour.Rogers debuted with his S/S 19 collection that he stitched together in his Brooklyn apartment and, in just three short seasons, has established himself as the designer for punchy takes on eveningwear that will prompt double-takes on the red carpet.Elaborate taffeta creations, that shined like sweet wrappers on the Spring Studios catwalk, proved that he is the master of volume, while the final three looks of snow white tailoring showed that he could possibly carve out a niche for the cool-girl bride in days to come.Keep your eyes peeled during awards season is all we'll say. The nominees would do well to wear Christopher John Rogers. READ MORE: In The Most Excellent News, Tracee Ellis Ross Will Host This Year's Fashion Awards© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last Wednesday, I was on a seven-hour flight back to London. When I landed, I received some very bad news. In fashion terms, nightmare news. The Totême Wide Shaft boots I had waited patiently for, signed up for, and marked in my diary had landed online while I was in the air. By the time I touched down at Heathrow, checked my emails and saw they’d arrived – they’d sold out. Just two hours after going live. The horror! In or out? @suzannekoller 😎A post shared by  Elin Kling (@elinkling) on Jul 11, 2019 at 8:16am PDTI shouldn’t be surprised, of course. The Wide Shaft boots are quickly becoming the cult hit of the winter. They have their own waiting list, and every time a pair is posted on the Totême Instagram account, the comments section is bombarded with heart and fire emojis, plus endless questions from hungry followers about where and when they can get them. 'I’m very flattered by the success, they deserve it,’ says Totême founder, Swedish blogger-turned-designer Elin Kling.But why have these black knee-high boots become such a thing in a season where you’re spoilt for choice when it comes to black knee-high boots? Founded in 2014 by Kling and her husband Karl Lindman, Totême has garnered a loyal (and super stylish) following of smart women with its pared-back classics with a twist. ‘Our mission is to create the perfect wardrobe, with calculated pieces and go-to uniforms inspired by our woman’s life,’ says Kling. The Wide Shaft boots exemplify this narrative.‘When I buy boots, I’m very specific about the shape. I like classic styles with a modern edge,’ continues Kling. ‘I was missing a statement boot for fall and winter, smart enough to lift an evening look’. Indeed, you can imagine wearing these with just about anything. They’re are a canny design: simple enough to be considered a classic (making that investment price tag earn its worth in potential cost-per-wear value), with enough design tweaks – the squared, elongated toe, the extra-wide leg – to elevate them to statement status. They chime with this season’s prevailing 1970s mood, without feeling like a literal homage to the era.For what it’s worth, I’d say it’s the roomy leg that offers the particular point of difference. Partly because it makes them perfect for wearing over trousers but also because, let’s be real, buying boots can be a nightmare for fitting the calf, and these are loose enough to accommodate most of us.And then, as is the case with most pieces that generate this kind of feverish excitement, you can thank (or blame – depending on your perception) the social media effect. ‘We’ve showed them styled in lots of different ways on Instagram,’ says Kling. ‘I think it’s great to give inspiration like that’. Mega influencers Pernille Teisbaek and Giorgia Tordini have helped propel the hype, wearing theirs with bare legs to Paris Fashion Week in September. Kling, who is the brand’s best ambassador and who wears hers tucked into jeans or with a pencil skirt, has also helped amp up the anticipation. ParisA post shared by  Elin Kling (@elinkling) on Sep 25, 2019 at 11:16am PDTBut there is good news. The boots are back online today for their second drop. That said, if you run into me this winter and I’m not wearing them, I’d suggest you approach with caution – I’ll be in a very bad mood.READ MORE: The Power Suit Is Back – And It's One Of Fashion's Most Important Outfits© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just last month, the entire state of California announced that it would be banning the sale, donation and manufacture of all fur products. This news came in the wake of many fashion houses implementing a similar policy – the likes of Gucci, Michael Kors, Chanel, Selfridges and the Net-a-Porter group have all banned fur – which has been applauded by animal rights groups. Now, it seems that our very own Queen Elizabeth II has decided to follow suit.According to the new memoir of Angela Kelly, personal advisor and senior dresser to the Queen for over 25 years, 'If Her Majesty is due to attend an engagement in particularly cold weather, from 2019 onwards fake fur will be used to make sure she stays warm.'This means that mink trims have been removed from some of the Queen's favourite coats, although when she is carrying out her Royal duties, the Queen will continue to wear any ceremonial robes made with fur.A spokesperson for Buckingham Palace confirmed this news, telling The Telegraph that 'as new outfits are designed for the Queen, any fur used will be fake.'Mimi Bekhechi, Director of International Programmes at PETA said: 'PETA staff are raising a glass of gin and Dubonnet to the Queen's compassionate decision to go fur-free. This new policy is a sign of the times, as 95% of the British public also refuses to wear real fur.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is it just us or has Dakota Johnson’s red carpet wardrobe got even more ravishing of late? Take the sequinned tuxedo jumpsuit by Saint Laurent that she wore to the 23rd Hollywood Film Awards on Sunday. In lesser hands it could have looked a little fading eighties pop star with those power shoulders. Dakota, however, looked pin-sharp, perhaps because she had a messy bun instead of a poodle perm and naked-yet-dewy skin instead of frosted eyeshadow.The actor has always been a Gucci girl, but has branched out of late. Her two-piece from Brandon Maxwell at the Governors Awards was another savvy choice and a masterclass in how to mix it up on the red carpet. Instead of your traditional ball gown, she wore balcony bra top and matching meringue-shaped skirt, both in snow white, with a dark vermillion lip and wavy hair. Swoon.Another favourite was Dakota’s choice for the Hollywood Reporter party in September. Her off-the-shoulder gown by Valentino shouldn’t have worked. It had a ruffle around the shoulders like a valance on a B&B bed and was the colour of an avocado bathroom suite. Did it work? Need you ask.READ MORE: Jennifer Aniston And Reese Witherspoon Twin On The Red Carpet For The Morning Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The early noughties could, for people of a certain sensibility (i.e those preoccupied with things of a sartorial nature) be defined by the phenomenon that was the It bag. And nobody did It bags better than Mulberry, who inspired manic frenzy in a host of Alexa Chung fans desperate to get their hands on her handbag-shaped namesake. There's also, of course, the Bayswater – a classic that has just been reinvented thanks to an exciting new collaboration between the British brand and Acne Studios.Acne, of course, is no stranger to an It bag, either. The Swedish label's Musubi bag – which you will recognise thanks to its distinctive origami knot – was a repeated sell-out success, seen on the arm of every fashion insider in the business. For this new collaboration, the two powerhouses decided to combine the two bag icons, creating a Musubi Bayswater (and, presumably, a stampede in the process).Jonny Johansson, creative director of Acne Studios, said 'This is a collection about friendship and freedom as brands to do what we want to do. It is like a conversation between Acne Studios and Mulberry, one that is founded in mutual respect and a desire to make great product.'It's not just the Bayswater, either – there are Messenger bags with buckle details, too, available in a range of sizes and colours. 'There is pure Swedishness and Englishness to the collection that I think twists the look in an interesting way. I like how they are practical and you also want to carry them. It feels good to make bags that are desirable and that also have purpose,' said Johansson. There's also a range of accessories, including a laptop case and coin purse, all in either Scotchgrain or pink leather.Thierry Andretta, CEO of Mulberry, said: 'The Acne Studios and Mulberry collaboration is a perfect manifestation of the spirit of both our brands. It showcases Acne Studios’ wonderful Swedish design ethos and celebrates both the British heritage and modernity of Mulberry.'Given the loyal following amassed by both fashion houses, it's likely that this collection will be a huge hit. So, if you're already compiling your Christmas list, you may want to start here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Do your eyes water at the very thought of a mascara wand? Whether you're a contact lens wearer, suffer with allergies (hay fever is a friend to no one's peepers, any time of the year) or just have super sensitive eyes then mascara can easily leave your eyes red and itchy. It's a sticky situation where you want to wear it, but is it worth it if you have to go out with bloodshot eyes? Luckily, there are hypoallergenic mascaras for sensitive eyes, so you can get long, luscious lashes without the irritation.Sensitive, watery eyes are pretty common, and can be caused by allergens like dust, pollen or pets. If you’re a regular contact lens wearer, and spend all day in an air-conditioned office or staring at a computer screen (guilty), you’re also more likely to suffer from red, sore eyes – a situation which can in turn be exacerbated by the ingredients in your make-up.Put simply, a hypoallergenic formula is one that doesn’t include ingredients that are common allergens and is free from fragrance, making it a safe bet for those with sensitive, watery eyes. Most hypoallergenic mascaras will be marked as such on the tube, or bear the label ‘suitable for sensitive eyes.’If you’re doing battle with watery, puffy eyes each day, waterproof mascara might seem like an obvious solution. But while a tear-proof formula might initially make for fewer panda-eye smudges, it won’t do you any favours in the long term. Waterproof mascaras are, of course, harder to remove, and scrubbing away with make-up remover can exacerbate the problem, leaving you with itchier, more irritated eyes.Steer clear of fibre mascaras – while these formulas might give you long, thick lashes, the fibres may drop into your eyes throughout the day and exacerbate the irritation. Your best bets are natural PH balanced formulas with soothing ingredients, which will care for lashes while lengthening and won’t flake or clump. It’s also worth looking out for ‘tubing’ mascara formulas, which form ‘tubes’ around the lashes. It’s waterproof, but slides off the lashes easily, without any need for over-scrubbing (cutting down the risk of irritation). Look out for Clinique’s Lash Power Mascara (£19) and RMS Beauty’s Defining Mascara (£24).As a general rule, you want to find a mascara with as simple a formula as possible, containing fewer potential irritants. Stick to black rather than brightly coloured mascara (apologies in advance to all those ‘80s beauty enthusiasts), and look out for fragrance-free products. Avoid irritants like the thickening agent HEC (which is also found in soap. Ouch) and instead look for soothing natural ingredients like aloe vera, which can help to tackle inflammation.It’s also worth noting that good make-up hygiene becomes imperative if you suffer from dry, sensitive eyes. Make sure you throw away old make-up (mascara should only be kept for three months maximum) and never try to re-use dried out mascara by adding water.Avoid applying mascara right at the roots of your lashes; instead, brush it towards the ends to minimise contact with your eyes. If you’re an eyeliner junkie, you should refrain from ‘tight-lining’ inside the waterline. Though this blogger-approved technique undoubtedly yields dramatic results, it’s one that those with sensitive eyes should avoid, and can potentially increase risk of infection. For an extra boost without over-loading your lashes with product, it's worth investing in an eyelash curler. Shu Uemura's Eyelash Curler (£20) is widely considered to be one of the best in the business.In the gallery below, we’ve scouted out the best hypoallergenic mascaras that will work with your sensitive eyes, rather than against them.SHOP: The Best Mascaras For Sensitive Eyes Origins, GinZing Brightening Mascara, £17.50. A new contender in the lashes game, this mascara contains ginseng and caffeine to energise sleepy peepers, while rosemary extract conditions the lashes for a super-healthy flutter. Chantecaille, Supreme Cils, £45. This luxurious, rosewater-infused mascara is smudge-proof, yet comes off easily, even just with warm water. Definitely worth the splurge. Clinique, High Impact Volume Mascara, £20. Although all Clinique mascaras are hypallergenic, this one is our top pick for sensitive eyes. It does everything you need – volumises, lengthens and defines in one quick stroke. Genius. Green People, Organic Mascara, £16.50. No-nasties (98% natural ingredients!) mascara, enriched with Vitamin E, beeswax and sunflower oil to condition and nourish the eyelashes. NAT Origin, Lengthening Mascara, £15.95. This natural mascara lengthens lashes and is formulated with plenty of good stuff; essential fatty acids, red algae, organic shea butter and organic jojoba oil to strengthen them too. Blinc Mascara, £22.20. This mascara uses tubing technology; forming tubes round your eyelashes rather than the conventional painting application. Clinically tested, it comes in a variety of eye-catching colours to boot. Dr Hauschka, Mascara, £21. This all-natural formula lengthens lashes, whilst its rose wax and beeswax protect and fortify each individual eyelash. Extracts of eyebright, black tea and neem soothe the sensitive eye area. Happier peepers all round. READ MORE: 10 Of The Best Waterproof Mascaras You Can Buy Right NowREAD MORE: The Very Best Mascaras Of The Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...& Other Stories has come a long way since its very first store launch in London in 2013. Gone are the days when it was a little-known fashion industry secret for picking up on-trend, quality pieces at an affordable price (sigh).These days the brand has a cult following of influencers and celebs alike - alongside 1.8 million Insta followers - and shows no signs of slowing down. Founded in 2010 and born under the H&M family name, & Other Stories is a one-stop destination for dreamy fashion buys.What keeps it feeling so fresh? Their designs are created out of three ateliers in Paris, Stockholm and Los Angeles - with each destination bringing something unique and lust-worthy to the offering. And, perhaps the most exciting news of 2019 - they launched on ASOS in May meaning you can get their picks of the newest goodies on next day delivery - what's not to love!Not only did they introduce our fave oversized blazer into our lives, but they have recently upped the anti on their sustainability efforts, introducing in-store recycling efforts whereby you can take into store pre-loved clothing, textiles and beauty empties and 'as a reward for recycling with us, we treat our customers to a 10% off voucher valid for one online or in-store purchase' - don't need to tell me twice! Read more about their recycling programme here. Looks good and does good? We're sold.Feeling overwhelmed by all the new-in goodness? We've done the hard work for you and put together our top picks - from everyday wardrobe essentials to occasion dressing.Our Top Picks From & Other Stories2of17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Black Friday 2019 is fast approaching, meaning we at Grazia are busy curating our wish lists in anticipation. Though, according to statistics, UK shopper interest in this American shopping event has been dwindling in recent years, we see no sign of it slowing down from a retailer perspective. By the stroke of midnight on the Thursday, just about every brand will have some kind of deal or discount on offer.While there are definitely some down sides to the panic-shop mentality, there are actually some excellent sustainable shopping opportunities to be had as well. After all, Black Friday clothing and shoes discounts are not just a high street or fast fashion affair - in fact, more and more independent designers and luxury department stores are taking part in Black Friday, too. While we all strive to shop more sustainably to better the planet and the environment around us, the eye-watering designer price tags can hold us back. But with significant savings to be had across designer dresses, coats, shoes, bags and accessories, there’s no better time than Black Friday to invest in quality, luxury pieces that will last a lifetime for less than you’d usually pay.For 2019, Black Friday will fall on 29 November 2019. Cyber Monday - which some say even surpasses Black Friday in terms of sales - will fall on 2 December, but we’d recommend to start looking at your favourite luxury retailers any time from Tuesday onwards.Luxury brands, though hesitant at first, have had no choice but to take part in recent years due to the stiff competition. They can offer anywhere from free delivery up to 50% off for Black Friday weekend- but you need to know where to look. That’s why we have pulled together a curation of all the best places to find the most significant Black Friday designer clothing sale discounts this Cyber Weekend.From Stella McCartney to Victoria Beckham; Staud to Faithfull The Brand, Net-A-Porter are likely to be offering a blanket discount site wide. This is a rare treat, so make it count.We’re holding out hope that Selfridges is where we’ll get a Chloe C bag in the sale, but even if not you’re still likely to snap up some Reformation, Yves Saint Laurent, Burberry or Off White for 10 - 15% off or more.We're putting it out there now - this is where we'll be heading to get a Rixo dress or top in the sale. Will we luck out? Only time will tell...Liberty print pieces are an extravagance worth making, but we'll be keeping a close eye on Paloma Wool, Hayley Menzies and Acne too. We imagine Liberty's own line will be on discount along with selected designer fragrances, bags and clothing this Black Friday - with extra perks for Liberty London cardholders.When it comes to the biggest shopping event of the year, Flannels are going in hard. You can look forward to a long weekend of irresistible deals, from Gucci trainers to Stone Island jackets. Expect this JD Sports-owned giant to trump the competition for a luxury bargain.Does Moda Operandi have Black Friday sales? You bet it does. In the past, it's been known to offer an additional 30% off already reduced styles. So. Many. Bargains.Ok, it may well still be a month away, but the Browns Fashion Black Friday sale is set to be brilliant so we're getting our wish lists ready in advance. We're predicting 10% off full price and 20% off sale as in previous years - let's see if we're right for 2019.From discount luxury cashmere to beautiful black leather, there is too much great AW19 stuff at Joseph to pass on. Here's hoping for a zero off the pricetag for Black Friday 2019.Have you been hankering after the Bibi bag? Us too. Here's hoping customers can snag a discount for Black Friday - our boring outfits depend on it.Exclusive stockists of Dior and Louis Vuitton, Black Friday at 24S could be your best opportunity to snap up some of the most special luxury brands out there. One can dream...If Gucci is your main target, don't forget to shop direct on the brand's main website. It will have the full range, and are likely to offer some Black Friday treats on their signatures such as trainers, belts and logo bags.Score designer threads for a fraction of the price by shopping from Mytheresa.com's Black Friday category. From hefty winter coats to sparkly Christmas cocktail dresses, we bet you won't be disappointed.You don't have to be a London, Leeds or Manchester resident to see what's on offer at Harvey Nicks. Expect up to 25% off fashion, accessories and more...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As Christmas draws closer, it’s time to seize the day (time really is of the essence in this instance) and get ordering that cute, personalised gift that you know is guaranteed to make your ride-or-die’s day. Show your favourites just how much you care with one of the super-thoughtful ideas in the list below. Whether it’s jewellery, whisky or candles, we’ve done the research, so all you have to do is take your pick and get ordering... soon!Make sure you allow time for this very special bespoke necklace from jeweller, Roxanne First, as it takes up to three weeks to craft. But mark our words, it will be worth the wait. With options of a heavier or finer chain, up to eight letters or numbers and white, rose or yellow gold, this highly personalised piece of jewellery will be one they cherish forever. Major brownie points. Picture your BFF's face as they open up your gift of a super-soft pair of blush pink cashmere bed socks to keep their feet warm on those cold months. And then their little face when they spot their embroidered initials. Well now you can make this a reality with these luxurious socks from Scottish brand, Johnstons of Elgin. This pair went down a storm when they arrived in the Grazia office and that red on pink really sealed them as one of our top gifts this Christmas. You can't go wrong with gifting a luxe candle and Jo Malone is one of our main go-tos. We especially love this warm sweet almond and creamy coconut scent, which smells good enough to eat. But how can you add that extra special touch? With a bespoke engraving dedicated to your loved one, of course – whether that be initials, a date or a message. So it's time to get thinking of those special words that will really make them smile.As gifts go, Rosé Champagne is pretty flawless, and a Laurent Perrier example is always dependably good. Having first come into being in 1968, it's been fine-tuned ever since. And now you can make this — and a huge range of others — even more special with a personalised laser engraving. Etched straight onto the glass, it makes for a unique finishing touch. And thanks to Engraved Drinks, it's now incredibly simple to do and will make you look like the most thoughtful person ever.We love East London-based fashion house, Mother of Pearl's, prints, so were thrilled when we discovered this perfect collaboration with stationery dons, Papier. Midnight Rose is perfect for the Winter months and will spark joy every single time you look at it. Trust us. Now all you have to do is personalise your cover with your lucky friend's name/alter ego or a special tribute and you will make them very happy indeed.This luxe scent from cult brand, Le Labo, would make that special person very happy indeed. With woody notes of Virginia cedar, cardamom, sandalwood, violet, papyrus, leather, amber and iris, this intoxicating scent was inspired by the American West. For personalisation online, simply fill out what you would like written before you add to cart and consider it done. It will arrive with your message printed on both the chic outer box, and the bottle itself. This graphic initial print will add an instant colour-pop to any design devotee's room. Not only is it super affordable, but we were really impressed with the print quality. Produced on premium art paper with a matt uncoated finish, this is the perfect gift for that arty person in your life. There is nothing better than receiving a pair of chic pyjamas at Christmas. In particular, this signature pair from Desmond and Dempsey, which are not only incredibly soft and comfy, but are also very flattering and leg lengthening. And just look at that to-die-for print. The extra special thing about this perfect set is that it can be personalised with your chosen initials. Now that is what we call a gift. For a really special gift, check out these premium fabric photo books with personalised hot foil stamped titles. Immortalise their favourite photos on heavyweight paper across up to 118 pages. These luxury Italian fabric bound books will not only look great on the outside, but, with a free retouch and proofreading service, they will look just as professional on the inside. For a fun affordable stocking filler, look no further than these insulated water flasks. With a choice of colours and vinyl fonts, you can tailor it perfectly. And not only do they look great, but also keep hot liquids hot for up to eight hours and cold up to 12. And if you have a friend with children, then there is also the option to get their kid's drawings transferred onto the outside. This delicate crescent moon necklace is ideal for layering and will blend in perfectly with your chosen recipient's other jewellery — providing the rest is as chic as this, of course. Otherwise it can be worn as a pretty, stand-alone piece. And the best bit is that you can make it extra special with a personal message of up to 16 characters, which will be hand engraved in their London studio — for free!These fun keyrings are the perfect stocking-filler. Crafted from soft cow leather and monogrammed with gold foil, they are a thoughtful gift without breaking the bank. Just pick your style and colour, type in your chosen initials and voila! You have just bought someone an inspired gift. And being from Not-Another-Bill, you can expect very cool re-usable packaging. We chose 'Rose Hex'.Treat your BFF to the ultimate luxury moisturiser from La Mer. This ultra-rich cream is ideal for drier skin and will help protect it from the elements – especially during the colder months. And if you purchase the original wonder-cream endorsed by A-listers, online, then you can just simply add 'complimentary engraving' on check out. So, whether it's a special date or their name, your best friend will have an awful lot to thank you for this December. Note to beauty junkies: The engraving service is also available on a selection of La Mer products including The Eye Concentrate and The Lip Balm.For the ultimate personalised gift, treat them to a DNA Kit from Ancestry. All they do is pop the provided saliva tests in the post and six to eight weeks later they will receive a link, which provides them with their results. Their ethnicity will be mapped, going back several generations, with percentages given of ethnic mixes. They can also help identify relationships with unknown relatives through a dynamic list of DNA matches. This is perfect for anyone interested in looking deeper into their family history and possibly finding some new relatives along the way! These super-adhesive embossed leather stickers from Anya Hindmarch can be used to personalise almost anything – from handbags to laptops or notebooks. So just buy your friend's initials and leave them to have all the fun working out exactly what and how they are going to up-cycle an existing item. Practical meets cute with this vegan-friendly, personalised clutch purse. It's available in a range of eye-catching colours and can be embossed with up to 10 characters. Whether you treat yourself or a friend, this is the perfect bag to pop around your wrist when you're out for the night, as it contains a card divider, a spacious central compartment, an outer popper pocket and comes with a secure zip fastening – pretty much everything you could possibly need when you're out out. Before now, we've either found personalised iphone cases prohibitively expensive, or a bit, well, cheap looking. But now Not Another Bill has come up with the goods. With a nice wide range of colours and fonts to choose from, these leather cases are not only highly bespoke, but also come at a very affordable price point: the ideal present, as far as we are concerned. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As hard as it is to believe, Britney Spears has been in the public spotlight for over 20 years. Reflecting on our teenage poster girls in the late ‘90s, Britney Spears was ‘The One’…And the reason we had a thing for wearing pink scrunchies to school.Her pop princess status soured in the ‘00s as one half of love’s young dream (dating her Micky Mouse Club co-member, Justin Timberlake, for three years), later starring in teen flick Crossroads and then enthralling her superfans with a slew of risqué stage routines. From performing live (and appearing remarkably stress-free) with a snake around her neck to that kiss with Madonna at the 2003 VMAs, Britney’s never been one to shy away from a major fashion moment.But it’s now time to go back, way back when Britney Spears was rocking red latex, sequins (oh, the sequins!) and mini skirts galore. Here, an in-depth look at the fashion evolution of everyone's favourite pop princess, Miss Britney Spears...Credit: GettyAt a portrait session in Los Angeles, California.Credit: GettyAt the 26th Annual American Music Awards. Credit: GettyPerforming at 92.6FM Presents 'Wango Tango' Line-Up. Credit: GettyAt the 1st Annual Teen Choice Awards. Credit: GettyAt the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Billboard Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the American Music Awards.Credit: GettyAt the 42nd Annual Grammys. Credit: GettyAt the 42nd Annual Grammys. Credit: GettyPerforming on The Today Show. Credit: GettyAt the Teen Choice Awards. Credit: GettyAt the MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Billboard Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the American Music Awards. Credit: GettyPerforming at the MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the American Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the NRJ Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Grammys. Credit: GettyAt the premiere of Crossroads in LA. Credit: GettyAt the MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the TRL Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Kids Choice Awards. Credit: GettyAt the MTV Bash. Credit: GettyAt the Teen Choice Awards. Credit: GettyAt the MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the American Music Awards. Credit: GettyReceiving her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Credit: GettyAt the Glamour Women of the Year Awards.Credit: GettyAt the NRJ Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Billboard Music Awards. Credit: GettyBackstage at the Baby Phat Fashion Week show. Credit: GettyAt the MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Billboard Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Southern Style St Bernard Project Event. Credit: GettyAt X Factor auditions in Providence, RI. Credit: GettyAt the X Factor press conference. Credit: GettyAt an Oscar's Viewing Party. Credit: GettyAt the MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the MTV Video Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt the Billboard Music Awards. Credit: GettyAt a pre-Grammys gala. Credit: GettyAt the GLAAD Media Awards. Credit: GettyAt the LA premiere for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood. READ MORE: The Evolution Of Britney Spears' InstagramREAD MORE: 75 Of Kate Middleton's Greatest Fashion Moments... EverREAD MORE: Marilyn Monroe: 20 Of Her Most Iconic Style Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Boots, gloves and earrings - oh my! The latest accessories drop from Polish brand Reserved certainly does have it all, and the good news is, shopping it won't hurt your bank balance. Having acquired model-of-the-moment Kendall Jenner as the face of their new campaign #CiaoKendall, the brand has served up some slick new fashion essentials for AW/19. And now that the chilly season is upon us, we've figured that it's the perfect time to give your wardrobe a stylish update with said accessories.From sultry thigh-high boots to snakeskin-inspired bags, modern pearl earrings and elegant hairbands, discover the accessories we're coveting from Reserved, below.Boasting a chunky high heel and statement pointed tip, these boots will be suitable for a variety of occasions, from day-to-day in the office to a romantic date night.Complete any outfit with these dainty droplet earrings. Our favourite part? The pretty pearl hanging in the middle. ✨We know a sell-out bag when we see one, and this box handbag from Reserved is certainly it. Featuring a unique design made of acetate with a pearl finish and natural leather elements, this electric blue accessory is at the top of our wishlist.Sometimes, something as simple as a chic hairband can complete an outfit. Style your low bun and ponytails with these elastics to ooze cool-girl vibes. Snakeskin makes a comeback this AW/19, so add these western-inspired boots to your shoedrobe, pronto.More is more when it comes to AW/19. Slip this oversized geometric ring onto your finger for a high-impact look.If these slick black boots are good enough for Kendall Jenner, they sure are good enough for us. We'll take two, please. 💅🏼Straight from the #CiaoKendall collection, this snakeskin motif bag is serving up serious sass vibes. We love.Faux fur scarves don't come much chicer than this. Throw this over your shoulders for a look that screams glamour.Available exclusively online, these patterned loafers are reserved for those who want to make a statement with their outfit. 💥Gloves are often overlooked as staple style accessories, but we're here to tell you that they're hot-to-trot for AW/19. And these leather mittens from Reserved are calling our name.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Planning a relaxing weekend away? If you're going on a short break, you probably don't want to spend too much time and effort packing a big suitcase.Instead, you need to invest in a chic travel bag for any short trip you're planning, from European city breaks to weekends away in the Cotswolds. Durable, yet stylish holdalls will pack in all of those essentials, as well as be easy to carry.Plus, unlike large suitcases which are difficult to manoeuver and wash, weekend bags are easy to clean - simply wipe them down or throw them in your washing machine. They really are the perfect travel companion. READ MORE10 Chic Airport Looks To Inspire Your Travel StyleThe Prettiest Beach Towels To Take On Holiday10 Shorts To Wear Beyond The Beach© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As far as seasons go, winter is possibly the most uncomfortable time of year to tackle the battleground that is the daily commute. From the discomfort of not wearing enough layers as you stand shivering on the station platform, to the sweat-dripping squish on board the train, it really begs the question: how can the daily commute be tackled in ultimate comfort? Well, thanks to fashion, that's not the impossible task it may sound. The AW19 catwalk has taken cosy to another level. Yes, there are the usual fuzzy knits, shearling coats and hard-wearing boots, but if you're a commuter on a quest for ultimate comfort (or, indeed, just someone who doesn't want to be entirely uncomfortable as soon as you leave your house), read on.Although puffer jackets are by no means new on the catwalk, this season there are a myriad of extra inflated styles that are almost a literal take on duvet dressing. Look to A.W.A.K.E Mode’s black quilted coat, for example. In black faux leather, it’s like the most fashionable (and portable) duvet you've ever seen. Style Tip; Go oversized, it’s also a great way to keep fellow commuters at a distance.Next, over to Phillip Lim 3.0's (sell-out) shearling slippers that blur the line between indoor-outdoor dressing. There’s no reason why the slipper's comfort should only be something you enjoy in the house. The Row’s velvet version is also the perfect style to take to a party.Not even your handbag can escape this functional trend. Don't believe me? Just look at the wealth of padded styles on offer. It’s the perfect piece to double up as a pillow for 40 winks on a tray table, after all. Maison Margiela’s Glam Slam really is the pinnacle. Also worth a try is the padded scarf – a great alternative to carrying a flight pillow. When nestled around your neck, you can count on comfort and ultimate warmth. It will look excellent paired with a simple trench coat. Last but certainly not least, Gucci’s pillow-toting backpack stole the show during the spring / summer 20 catwalk proving that this trend has legs for next season, too. If you can’t wait until then, we would recommend snapping up a harness and pairing it with a memory foam pillow – comfort guaranteed.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We hate to break it to you, but it is officially time to start planning your Christmas presents. The store decorations are going up and the organised among us are making lists, while the rest of us scramble for a clue at what’s even cool to buy for people nowadays.Luckily for you, we have a Christmas expert ready to guide you through every type of gift receiver – a head of Christmas (eve)n. That is, Dan Cooper, John Lewis & Partner’s head buyer for Christmas trends.Cooper spends years planning John Lewis Christmas offerings, and with all that time comes a lot of research. This year, they were able to split gifting trends into three distinct categories – technology meets tradition, sustainable and experience gifts.‘There’s a definite bringing together of technology and tradition,’ he tells Grazia. ‘For example the brilliant board-game kNow!, which is played with your Google Assist as the adjudicator – so they ask the questions and verify the answer. The main point is that there’s no arguments and there’s no end to the questions that can be asked, so compared to traditional board games like Trivial Pursuit where once you’ve been through the cards you might know a lot of the answers, this is infinitely updating.’When it comes to kids gifts, this is where technology thrives in the traditional games. Tonies Toniebox is a speaker filled with audiobooks told by an interchangeable toy character that sits on top of it. ‘It’s top of my list for at least three people,’ Dan says. ‘The whole idea is that it’s something other than an iPad, it was designed by two dads trying to get there kids off their devices. You can even record your own stories onto the characters so if you’re away on a business trip, you can still read your child a story.’And then, on the flip side, Cooper’s research has found a strong desire towards disconnecting from all technology and social media. This is what John Lewis is calling the rise of the ‘experience gift’, where you buy gifts that enable people to switch off and get back to traditional hobbies we once loved.‘There’s a whole trend towards botanicals and house plants, making terrariums, really sort of getting your hands dirty again,’ he continued. ‘You’ve got things like school of life, and all the really beautiful stationary encouraging you to be more mindful of your life and plan your life a bit more. And then there’s a massive upsurge in artist materials as people want to get off technology and spend a bit of time actually doing something.’And so it seems that this Christmas, we’re turning nostalgic – not least because the trend towards buying hordes of gifts each other is becoming somewhat lacklustre given the climate crisis. Sustainability is not just a buzzword, it’s a necessity in the current climate.That’s where Dan says people are moving towards buying timeless classics as oppose to big ticket items that may go out of style soon enough. ‘People are buying well and buying thoughtfully,’ he concludes.Check out our pick of the best Christmas gifts at John Lewis this year...By choosing an Advent of Change product, you join that mission, funding multiple charities with a single purchase and raising awareness of their amazing work – from feeding the homeless to protecting our oceans.The Best Christmas Gifts at John Lewis - Grazia (stacked)2of11By choosing an Advent of Change product, you join that mission, funding multiple charities with a single purchase and raising awareness of their amazing work – from feeding the homeless to protecting our oceans.A delightful gift for beauty enthusiasts or to treat yourself, this advent calendar contains full and deluxe size product from skincare heroes to makeup must-haves.kNOW! is the first board game that is powered by the Google Assistant, so it is always evolving and up-to-date.Waterproof, dustproof and shockproof, it's built for the outdoor life. Connect wirelessly via Bluetooth and control from up to 30 metres away, while the rechargeable battery ensures the music will keep going.Trigg is designed to help you achieve more powerful goals over the next 12 months.Listen to childhood classics like The Snowman and Zog or record your own stories narrated by family members with the creative-tonies figure included.Using i-Type instant film (sold separately), the OneStep 2 works straight out of the box and is super-simple to use.Nintendo's Switch 1.1 offers three modes to play, TV mode, tabletop mode and handheld. It has improved battery life too. Bring nature inside in a unique and eye-catching way with the beautiful Terrarium filled with an artificial tallansia.Silk bed linen is renowned for its skin and hair benefits, feeling luxurious and soothing to the touch.For unruly, frizz-prone hair, this styler contained 30mm barrels, 40mm barrels, a firm smoothing brush and pre-styling dryer. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After nearly 20 years, Zac Posen is closing down. The news came rather abruptly and the label’s website has already shut down. According to The Hollywood Reporter, the owners of the brand, House of Z and Z Spoke, announced they would be shuttering the label, releasing a statement saying,“The Board of Managers is disappointed with this outcome but can no longer continue operations and believe an orderly disposition at this stage is the best course of action.”Since the label first launched in 2001, Zac Posen has dressed some of the world’s most famous and glamorous women from Michelle Obama to Princess Eugenie, for whom he created the wedding reception gown. He gained recognition as a designer not long after graduating from Central Saint Martins in London, and before long he was dressing Hollywood’s biggest names and winning awards. The 39-year-old New Yorker became even more of a household name when he became a judge of Project Runway in 2012. And in 2014, he was named Creative Director at Brooks Brothers, where he helped to modernize their womenswear. Posen’s flattering clothes also appeared on the big and small screens in shows like Ugly Betty (on which he had a guest appearance) and films like Ocean’s Eight – he is responsible for Rihanna’s incredible red Met Gala gown.Posen released a statement thanking his team for their work and support over the last 18 years. He also said, “The management team at the Company worked extremely hard to navigate the increasingly challenging fashion and retail landscape, consistently evaluating strategic options to strengthen our financial profile and fuel potential growth.”The news of Posen’s label shuttering came as it was announced that the iconic department store Barneys, which was only four years shy of a 100-year anniversary, would sold off, evidence of the “challenging fashion and retail landscape” Posen refers to. In an interview with Vogue, Posen shared that he needs to “reflect and regroup and also look at the world we’re living in and figure what the next move is, where I can share my creativity and my love, and build another community.” Whatever is next for Posen, he feels “incredibly proud of what we created and hopeful for the future.Read More: Royal Wedding Dresses Throughout HistoryCredit: ShutterstockQueen Victoria is one of just two British Queens to have married while reigning (the other is Queen Mary). For her wedding to Prince Albert at St James' Palace, the young Queen chose a simple off-the-shoulder style in white satin, with a flounce of Honiton lace at the neckline. Instead of a coronet, she wore a simple orange blossom garland.Royal wedding dresses through history - Grazia2of17Queen Victoria is one of just two British Queens to have married while reigning (the other is Queen Mary). For her wedding to Prince Albert at St James' Palace, the young Queen chose a simple off-the-shoulder style in white satin, with a flounce of Honiton lace at the neckline. Instead of a coronet, she wore a simple orange blossom garland.For her wedding to Prince Henry of Battenberg in 1885, Princess Beatrice, the youngest daughter of Queen Victoria, wore a fashionable white satin dress, trimmed with lace (which the Princess is said to have loved) and orange blossom. She was the only of Victoria's daughters to wear her mother's veil down the aisle, too.The future Queen Mary's wedding dress was designed by Arthur Silver of the Silver Studio, whose designs epitomised the Art Nouveau look. Her classic gown was embroidered with roses, shamrocks and thistles, with the choice of orange blossom for the trim echoed in small wreaths adorning her neckline and her hair. Her 'something old' was a small piece of Honiton lace from her mother's own wedding gown, with diamond jewellery from future mother-in-law Queen Victoria ticking off 'something borrowed.'The future Queen Mother's wedding dress was quintessentially 1920s in style, with a simple drop waist. Designed by Madame Handley-Seymour, the dressmaker to Queen Mary, it was made of ivory silk crepe and embroidered with pearls. Her Flanders lace veil was held in place by a wreath of orange blossom and white roses, the latter a nod to the her future title of Duchess of York.Court couturier Norman Hartnell described the wedding gown of the then-Princess Elizabeth as 'the most beautiful dress I had so far made.' Patterned with stars and floral embellishments, the dress – and its 13 foot train – was said to be inspired by Botticelli's Primavera, and to symbolise the nation's rebirth following the war. As clothing rationing was still in place (even for a Princess), Elizabeth had to purchase the fabric with ration coupons (though she was inundated with coupons from young women across the country, she had to return them to their owners). When Princess Margaret (pictured here with brother-in-law the Duke of Edinburgh, who walked her down the aisle) married photographer Anthony Armstrong-Jones, she opted for a design by royal couturier Norman Hartnell. Comprising 30 metres of silk organza, the dress's simple shape and clean lines were designed to flatter the Princess's petite frame.Ahead of her marriage to Captain Mark Phillips, Princess Anne seemed to take sartorial inspiration from times past, specifically the court of Queen Elizabeth I: her wedding gown, designed by Maureen Baker for Susan Small, featured a Tudor-style high neck and sweeping, almost medieval sleeves. Lady Diana Spencer's now-iconic 1981 wedding dress set bridal trends for years to come, with its puffed sleeves, 25-foot train and full skirt. Designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel, the ivory silk taffeta gown was embellished with tiny sequins and pearls in a heart motif.Lindka Cierach designed this quintessentially '80s wedding dress for Sarah Ferguson's wedding to Prince Andrew. Made from ivory duchesse satin, it boasted a 17 foot long train embroidered with bees and thistles (a nod to her family's crest) and anchors and waves (symbolizing Prince Andrew's naval career). The York Diamond tiara which Fergie wore on the day was commissioned especially for her by her mother-in-law, the Queen.Samantha Shaw was tasked with designing and making a dress for the wedding of Sophie Rhys-Jones (now the Countess of Wessex) to the Queen's youngest son, Prince Edward. The long-sleeved style was embellished with 325,000 cut glass and pearl beads.Camilla's embroidered coat in pale blue and gold and matching chiffon gown were designed by Robinson Valentine for her wedding to the Prince of Wales at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Her statement headpiece – which featured Swarowski diamonds – was the handiwork of the royal family's favourite milliner, Philip Treacy.Canadian-born Autumn Kelly opted for a classic gown by British designer Sassi Holford, which featured a bodice fashioned from hand-beaded lace and a silk duchesse skirt, worn with a beaded shrug. The Festoon tiara which the bride wore on the day was borrowed from the collection of her mother-in-law, Princess Anne.Zara Phillips wore a simple, classic gown with a full skirt and corseted bodice by Stewart Parvin, one of her grandmother the Queen's favourite couturiers, when she married rugby player Mike Tindall at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh. The diamond tiara was the bride's 'something borrowed,' a loan from her mother Princess Anne.Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen landed the biggest fashion gig of the century so far when she was chosen by Kate Middleton to design a dress for her Westminster Abbey wedding to Prince William. The gown itself was made from ivory satin with long lace sleeves and floral motifs which were cut from machine-made lace then appliqued onto silk net by workers at the Royal School of Needlework. Lady Gabriella Windsor walked down the aisle in a Luisa Beccaria gown, which as made "entirely in Valencienne écru lace layered with ribbons of flowers and buds" says the designer. We all know that Givenchy's Clare Waight Keller designed Meghan Markle's wedding dress, but there's a fun fact about the detailing. The flowers embroidered into the veil represent the 53 nations of the Commonwealth, a nod to Prince Harry's role as Youth Ambassador. Princess Eugenie had a very particular request when it came to her wedding dress, which designer Peter Pilotto accommodated. He designed her dress with a low-back as to reveal the scars from her scoliosis surgery.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Controversial opinion: summer sucks. The hysterical mass jubilation that warm weather evokes leaves me cold. I don’t want to sit in a park all day downing warm rosé or carry Clarityn everywhere I go. I don’t watch Wimbledon or Love Island. I don’t care about tan lines or heat waves. Give me Emily Brontë’s wind-lashed moors, John Keats’ mists and mellow fruitfulness and Dean Martin’s frightful snow storms any day. Winer is coming – and I love it.I could bore you for hours about the joys of shorter days and longer evenings, of crackling fires and misty mornings where you can see your breath curl through the air, of comfort food and cashmere blankets, but where winter really triumphs over summer is in the clothes. Who can deny the sartorial hug a chunky, slightly-too-big sweater offers? Who doesn’t love the snug, substantial satisfaction of the perfect pair of knee-high boots or the indulgent laziness of pyjama bottoms tucked into thick socks on a weekend morning? And, frankly, who doesn’t welcome the ease of wearing, well, anything that doesn’t require a pedicure/wax/strapless bra to pull off?But the reigning queen of the winter wardrobe is, of course, a coat. I am and always have been a coat girl to the core. I remember the thrill of a red duffel worn with matching wellies as a child, and the way September’s new-term anxiety would be softened by the anticipation of getting a new version. I cottoned on early that outerwear was the way I could express my own burgeoning style: even better it was something my mum (sensible) and me (ridiculous) could agree on. What did she care if my puffer jacket was silver? I was warm. A cropped Jeffrey Rogers faux fur jacket, an egg-yolk yellow Burberry trench, a pearlized H&M rain mac and a sweeping purple velvet number – inspired by Emma Bunton in the 2 Become 1 video – all made cameos as I was growing up.By the time I reached my later teens and my peers were eschewing coats whatever-the-weather on the grounds that they ‘ruined’ a Friday night outfit, I would have to be schvitzing on the dancefloor by the time I could be prized out of mine. There was a solution, of course: avoid the dancefloor. I sometimes wonder if my love of coats what the reason I took up smoking.Today, I have one to match every possible occasion and mood from a checked wool Balenciaga overcoat I throw on when I want to feel polished to a slick Maryam Nassir Zadeh vinyl coat with a pleasing hint of ‘sex shop’ about it that I wear when I want to feel naughty. I have a Perfect Moment puffer for freezing days and a patchworked Polo Ralph Lauren coat for summer nights. Favourites include a khaki green old Céline trench, discoloured from years of repeat wear but no less irresistible for it, a 1970s leather coat I inherited from my sister when she became a vegan and an extravagant, emerald green faux fur one that Isa Arfen designer Serafina Sama kindly made for me. I love them all, but I will be enduringly besotted with a leopard print, ponyskin Alaïa – a gift from my dad the day I got my first grown-up job – that is separately insured from the rest of my belongings.So, why the appeal? Well aside from the obvious (despite what my teenage peers would have told you, a coat is a necessity), much of the charm can be attributed to the fact that a great coat can make you feel invincible. Get your outerwear right and even the worst weather won’t stop you taking on the world. It’s sartorial armour, protecting and empowering at once. ‘It’s so nice to feel wrapped up and cosy,’ says Shrimps designer Hannah Weiland. ‘The perfect Shrimps day is a sunny, cold day. I look forward to them.’ She’ll be living in the mood-elevating, multi-coloured Estelle coat this winter.For designer Supriya Lele, the appeal is ever bigger. ‘Outwear is something that I’ve always felt holds so much more opportunity than for mere practical or aesthetic purpose,’ she explains. ‘For me, it’s about identity and my approach to my work has always been rooted in the idea that every piece I create evokes an emotion or a memory. My AW19 vinyl coat was inspired by a vintage black leather coat that has been a staple in my wardrobe for years; a nod to my teenage years of Slayer and Black Sabbath obsession.’ Indeed, nothing expresses to the world what you and your style are all about quicker or more efficiently than a coat.But while a coat might make a statement, that doesn’t mean it’s hard work. Quite the opposite, in fact, it does all the hard work for you. The effort to impact return is on your side. As Kitri’s Haeni Kim, who recently introduced coats to her collection, puts it, ‘There’s endless opportunity for layering. You can really switch up your entire look by adding a fabulous coat and that’s a statement in itself.’A.W.A.K.E. Mode designer Natalia Alaverdian, who’ll be wearing her AW19 quilted faux leather coat all winter, agrees: ‘Coat season is the best season because it allows you to look fabulous on the outside without trying too hard on the inside. A great coat can make any outfit very special.’ She’s right: who cares if you’re wearing a tired tracksuit under a slinky leather trench, an embellished opera coat or a ridiculously luxe cashmere robe?As for what type of coat you invest in this winter? Anything goes. There is one investment I suggest we all make however: an impeccable, belted trench has year-round appeal. Because that’s the thing about summer, it tends to be a washout anyway.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rihanna is building her own empire that, other than creating covetable products, is based on an inclusive idea of beauty. While it's regrettable that this is only happening now, in 2019, thank goodness for innovators like her who are working to create real change. For her latest Fenty launch, Rihanna has decided to reimagine an ancient piece of jewellery: the cameo.Traditionally, cameos – made hugely popular in the UK by Queen Victoria but which have been in existence since Ancient times – were worn as a statement of power or intent. In Ancient Greece, for example, women wore cameos bearing the image of Eros, God of Love, to declare their sexuality. Fenty has taken this tradition and subverted it, making it part of the brand's 'legacy' while celebrating 'the beauty of difference.'Each of the cameo jewels available to buy – a ring, a pair of earrings and a pendant which can also be worn as a brooch – features the image of a black woman, as Fenty states it is 'immortalizing the African woman’s beauty, in profile.' Each piece is intended to become a modern keepsake in its own right, realised in black resin and glass, embellished with pearls and Swarovski® crystals.Fenty stated that 'the collection is not about a singular definition of beauty; she symbolizes the beauty of difference.' To illustrate this, there is a beautiful campaign shot by Nigerian photographer Ruth Ossai, while hair stylist Issac Poleon was tasked with creating some amazing, sculptural hair styles to highlight 'the endless artistic possibilities of afro-hair culture in sculpture.'Fenty says that, with this new Cameo collection, it is 'honouring a new, contemporary heroine.' Luckily, we're starting to get to a stage where she looks like all of us – not just some.Shop Fenty's Cameo Collection Here Now.Credit: Getty ImagesCredit: Getty ImagesCredit: Getty ImagesCredit: Getty Images© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What Meghan Markle wears, the world wants to buy. And the Duchess certainly knows her way around a really good shirt. One of her consistent combinations is a great, smart shirt worn with black jeans or trousers and it's proven time and again to be a winning formula. On a recent visit to the Luminary Bakery in North London – an organisation that helps to empower women who have a social or economic disadvantage – Meghan wore yet another brilliant shirt, this time from a brand she's championed in the past.With Nothing Underneath is a British label founded in 2017 by Pip Durell, who had previously worked for both Vogue and Tatler. The idea was to make 'the perfect everyday boyfriend shirt,' according to the brand, resulting in a collection of 100% poplin cotton, sustainable wardrobe essentials that are all designed in London.Meghan chose the WNU's Blue & White Stripe shirt when she helped style the photoshoot for her Smart Works campaign, as seen in behind-the-scenes videos released on Instagram. Now, she's worn the brand's White and Midnight Blue Stripe Shirt, which is a reasonable £80 and still in stock in all sizes.Over the past couple of years, Meghan has worn an increasing amount of sustainable brands, becoming the unofficial ambassador for a more conscious approach to fashion. In many ways, she has inadvertently become a sustainable influencer of sorts, given that anything she wears is immediately sought out around the world. The fact that she is championing small, independent labels such as WNU means she's giving a platform to lesser known designers, too.At the event held at the bakery, Meghan spoke openly and honestly with the women present. As The Telegraph reported, she worked to put everyone at their ease, saying: 'One of the things I have realised since being here [in the UK] is that people have an expectation when I’m coming somewhere, so I’m like, let’s just be really relaxed, keep everyone nice and chilled, because at the end of the day we’re all just women. We all have a story to tell, and I feel honoured that I am getting to hear yours.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Your first trouser suit isn’t something you easily forget. Like your first kiss, hangover or therapy session, the muscle-memory of how you felt wearing it tends to endure. Elizabeth Saltzman, the stylist who works with Jodie Comer, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sandra Oh and Saoirse Ronan, still recalls the first suit she saved up for. ‘I was born in the ’60s so my mother, who was a working woman, lived in Saint Laurent pant suits,’ she says. ‘She was the person I idolised.’Saltzman finally bought a Le Smoking tuxedo only to have it stolen on the way to a Vogue photo shoot in LA. ‘I had all the cases in my car and stopped to pick up some white shirts. Everything got nicked,’ she laughs. ‘I’ve never been able to replace that jacket. It was the greatest suit ever.’Caroline Issa – publisher of Tank magazine and life-long tailoring devotee who confesses to owning ‘many, too many’ trouser suits – has a slightly less dramatic story, although no less seminal. Her ‘first’ was a brown Jil Sander trouser suit, bought in 1999 with her second pay packet from her first full-time job as a management consultant. ‘Back then, you had to wear either trousers or a knee-length skirt and it had to be navy, black or brown,’ she says. ‘The suit had a long, slim-fit jacket with three buttons and stretch trousers. I felt like Superwoman every time I wore it to important client meetings.’She now shops at Petar Petrov, Dior, Racil and Barbara Casasola for her tailoring, while Saltzman commissioned Bella Freud to make five identical black velvet jackets for her work ‘uniform’. Both women’s wardrobes attest to one fact – tailoring has officially become a perma-trend. ‘If you look through my styling work over the years,’ says Saltzman, ‘you can see it on everyone, whether it’s Jodie Comer or Gwyneth Paltrow. It might be a trend now, but for me it’s a wardrobe staple.’ There’s no doubt that tailoring is having a red carpet moment this year. The Bombshell cast were a tailored trio for the LA screening – Nicole Kidman in Altuzarra, Margot Robbie in Mara Hoffman and Charlize Theron in Givenchy. The royals have caught on too. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a cinched-waist tuxedo coat by Beulah London for the last day of the Pakistan tour.It perhaps makes sense: after all, tailoring is already a staple on the catwalk. Not a season goes by without a slew of trouser suits, skirt suits and even short suits coming down thick and fast. A/W ’19 saw bouclé two-pieces in eye-popping primary shades at Chanel, trouser suits with supremely luxurious slouch at Agnona, and nipped-waist blazers that had pointed, power-shoulders at Alexander McQueen. Next season tells a similar story. Burberry showed whip-smart three-piece suits, while Celine’s tailored trousers were mostly flared and paired with longline blazers. Hugo Boss, famed for its minimalist, no-fuss approach to tailoring, gave us oversized jackets, wide-leg trousers and colour pairings like soft caramel and primrose yellow, aqua and black.Ingo Wilts, Hugo Boss’s new chief brand officer who showed his first collection for the brand at Milan Fashion Week in September, thinks tailoring has now established itself as an evergreen trend since its re-emergence five seasons ago. ‘Before, everything was much more casual,’ he tells me. ‘A suit is something a woman feels very comfortable in these days.’ Tailoring is very much in Hugo Boss’s DNA – ‘You ask any woman what Boss stands for and they’ll probably say, “a suit,”’ says Wilts – but this season he played with contrasts. ‘You have the meeting of feminine and masculine,’ he says. ‘Sometimes I have an oversized blazer with a very fitted pant or a short blazer with wide-leg pants. This is what makes the Boss look like much more than just a business suit.’So, should every woman have one in her wardrobe? ‘Absolutely,’ says Wilts, without hesitation, who sees the women he works with at Hugo Boss styling their suits with T-shirts and sneakers on a daily basis. ‘I want her,’ he says of his suit-wearing customer, ‘to feel confident. She should also feel comfortable, but I want her to feel sexy and feminine.’ He also believes a trouser suit is one of the most versatile articles of clothing you can invest in. ‘It gives you two essential pieces. You could wear the yellow blazer with white denim and sneakers, and you could wear the pants with a leather jacket.’Clearly, women do feel comfortable in tailoring. Net-A-Porter sells 50 blazers every day, says global buying director Elizabeth von der Goltz, who has increased the number of trouser suits available by 150% in comparison to last year. ‘Tailoring plays a key part in our woman’s wardrobe,’ she says. ‘Brands like The Row and Gabriela Hearst embraced the trend, with sophisticated shapes and double-breasted styles, while Balenciaga and Acne Studios gave us strong shoulders. We also love Wright le Chapelain’s sleeveless wool vest jackets and wide-leg trousers, and have just launched our Korean Collective, including great tailoring from We11Done and Andersson Bell.’ In terms of this season’s updates, von Der Goltz name-checks Kwaidan Editions, whose shirt suit sets are an update on traditional tailoring, and Totême’s tonal take on the three-piece suit with a coat instead of a waistcoat. ‘Labels producing classic styles with a twist have proven to perform particularly well, such as Peter Do and Wright le Chapelain,’ she adds.When it comes to finding the right fit and silhouette, there’s no substitute for trying on lots of different styles and seeing what works. In general, says von der Goltz, belted blazers will create a waistline, longer trousers are best to lengthen the leg, and it’s important to consider the balance you’re trying to strike. ‘You may want strong shoulders,’ she says. ‘Or a nipped-in waist. I tend to always push up my jacket sleeves to appear taller.’Zara, Oversized Blazer With Pockets, £79.99Zara, Darted Straight-Fit Trousers, £49.99You don’t have to go bespoke, or even designer, to get a suit that will last this season and next. Arket is your safest bet for boyish blazers that aren’t too tailored at the waist and trousers in a variety of lengths that come in 100% wool, while Massimo Dutti has several suits with ankle-length trousers that show off the narrowest point on the leg – and statement shoes.Massimo Dutti, Limited Edition Wool Blazer, £179Massimo Dutti, Straight-Fit Plain Trousers, £79.95What you won’t be able to anticipate, if you’ve never invested in a suit, is how great a perfectly-fitting, pin-sharp style will make you feel. Their ability to be both comfortable and confidence-building is why they’re one of Elizabeth Saltzman’s go-tos. ‘One of the first looks I ever did with Phoebe [Waller-Bridge] was a pink suit. It was a moment of clarity. I care about people feeling confident – that’s my thing. It’s not that a suit makes you feel empowered or like a man. It’s just that she looked great and it worked.’ For Caroline Issa, it’s even more simple. How does a suit make her feel? ‘Like I can get shit done.'READ MORE: Hugo Boss Takes Expert Tailoring To Milan Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What's currently topping your fashion wishlist? According to Lyst, it's likely to be something designed by Off-White, which is currently the most popular brand in the world. Every few months, the global fashion search platform produces a report based on its analysis of the online shopping behaviour of more than nine million shoppers a month. This is across 12,000 designers and online shops and Lyst's formula also takes into account search data from Google, as well as mentions of a specific brand or product on social media. The result is a comprehensive list of the world's most coveted items, as well as the most-loved brands.Off-White is the brainchild of Virgil Abloh, who is currently enjoying a stellar year. He was recently revealed as the designer of one of Hailey Bieber's wedding dresses, and before that he released his much-hyped collaboration with IKEA. His brand is now the number one in the world, closely followed by Balenciaga and then Gucci.In terms of products, it's possibly no surprise to know that the most prolific comes courtesy of Bottega Veneta, in the form of its £645 padded sandals, which generated over 27,000 online searches. This is unsurprising because the brand was ubiquitous over fashion week, with every other show-goer wearing something from Bottega.After the sandals, it's Jacquemus' teeny tiny handbag. While not hugely practical, they certainly have novelty appeal, while the third most popular buy is far more pragmatic as Lyst explains: 'The Adidas Continental 80 sneakers are the only other shoes to make the hottest women’s products list this quarter, coming in third place. Retailing at £74.95 and worn by celebrity influencers including Kendall Jenner, Hailey Bieber and Sofia Richie, searches for the sneakers have increased 170% this quarter.'Interestingly, the sixth item on the list is Reformation's Juliette dress, which is available in a multitude of colours and prints. It is also, as per the brand's ethos, a sustainable option.In fact, it looks like sustainability is integral to the most popular brands. As Lyst reports: 'Sustainability and corporate responsibility are increasingly important for the top 20 brands, with 50% having signed the G7 Fashion Pact and 45% having sustainability information on their website. 40% of the top 20 brands, or their parent companies, have pledged to go carbon neutral, while Balmain, Burberry, Gucci, Prada and Versace have publicly committed to stop using fur.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even if you don't think you're familiar with the work of London-based artist Luke Edward Hall, chances are you've seen some of his creations on Instagram or, indeed, in a number of shops near you. His colourful designs have led to collaborations with brands including Burberry, Liberty London and even a collection of homewares for Habitat. Now, he's sprinkling his magic over Kurt Geiger, producing what might already be this season's most perfect party shoes.For the 'Fauna' collection, which spans women's, men's and children's shoes (there are also embellished velvet handbags), Hall decided to focus on wildlife associated with Britain, thus drawing Dalmations, regal swans, hares, jellyfish and lobsters. '[They're] not the most obvious ones,' says Hall. 'I produced quite bold, graphic sketches of the animals that the Kurt Geiger team then translated into embellished embroideries.'There are three pairs of velvet mules for women, a pair of navy slippers for men and some adorable Mary-Janes for children. There are also three embellished bags, also featuring the animal illustrations. 'I was inspired by the graphic, surreal work of fashion designer Elsa Schiaperelli, as well as Picasso's drawings of animals. I loved watching the process of making the pieces unfold and learning about the different techniques involved.'Luckily, these little beauties have arrived in good time before – sorry, I'm going to say it – Christmas. Whether you're looking for a great gift (if you have children, I am probably going to buy them these teeny, tiny little shoes) or are in search of party shoes that you can actually walk – and dance – in, this collection seems ideal.Of the collaboration, Hall said: 'I wanted to work with Kurt Geiger because of their huge presence on the high street and also because they are known for their playful, colourful designs, and I often describe my own work in a similar way: joyful, romantic and colourful. It's hard to choose my favourite piece but I do love the Dalmatians! I love their facial expressions and the contrast of the black and white dogs against the deep ruby red velvet of the shoes and bags.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite celebrating a decade of success, Mary Katrantzou is not slowing down. If anything, she’s doing exactly the opposite. At the beginning of October, the designer had a homecoming of epic proportions, staging her spring/summer 2020 show at the breath taking Temple of Poseidon, located just outside her hometown of Athens. While she had to turn around the collection in just eight weeks after securing permission to use the location from the Greek government, Katrantzou’s latest offering was epic – in truly Greek fashion. Filled with gargantuan gowns whose beauty was only surpassed by the ancient monument illuminated in the background, you’d think such a feat would require subsequent downtime. Instead, Katrantzou has just launched an exclusive new collection for The Outnet.After launching her eponymous label in 2008, Katrantzou was famed for her trompe l’oeil prints and architectural designs – for this latest collection, she has created 14 different pieces, all in a re-worked version of a signature print. ‘We’ve worked with the Outnet team for a few years and we both wanted to collaborate on a capsule that focuses on the process of recycling, through the use of archival prints and fabrics,’ Katrantzou told me. ‘It’s something that we do internally every season (up-cycling old fabrics as toiling materials) but we wanted to design a complete capsule out of our unused archival prints and fabrics to encourage responsible fashion.’The clothes themselves range from bold pussybow blouses, splashed with contrast colours and prints, to a striking long, tiered dress finished with a scarlet ribbon at the waist. Colour is key- it’s something Katrantzou refers to as a ‘wellness tool’, and she’s certainly not afraid of it. ‘I always try in my work to embrace positivity,’ she says.Katrantzou has proved that, as per the SS20 collection, she can touch on couture with intricate, meticulous designs but so too does she produce wearable clothes that adhere to the demands of everyday life. ‘In these 10 years, the importance of narrative and the power of the word 'idea', have become fundamental in my work. Innovation, craftsmanship and imagination are all at the core of the brand's DNA, along with empowering women to be fearless and to embrace their individuality.’Indeed, the Katrantzou woman is no wallflower and while the Outnet collection features cleaner silhouettes and unfussy shapes, it stays true to her distinctive aesthetic. ‘I used to fear that I will run out of ideas,’ she tells me. However, I have realised that inspiration is everywhere. It's not always what you see that inspires you but your ability to use your imagination to turn that reference on its head and create something unique.’While we wait to see how she follows her much-lauded (and visually spectacular) SS20 show, we can at least content ourselves at The Outnet, where Katrantzou herself sometimes shops. Her guiltiest late-night purchase? ‘A pair of Ancient Greek sandals,’ she says. Of course.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We loved the show of sisterly solidarity between the Big Little Lies cast. Now Reese Witherspoon has a new red carpet BFF. She and Jennifer Aniston, co-stars on Apple TV+’s The Morning Show and once-time sisters in two unforgettable episodes of Friends, have been on the promo trail this week. If there’s one takeaway, it’s this - wearing head-to-toe black is back.At the world premiere in New York on Monday, both stars dressed to match the coal-coloured carpet. Reese chose sequinned and streamlined Celine, while Jennifer wore a minimalist column gown by James Galanos. Tuesday saw the duo twinning at The Paley Center for Media in head-to-toe black. Jennifer then rounded off the day’s festivities with a trip to The Late Show With Stephen Colbert. She chose a strapless, you guessed it, black dress and barely-there sandals.Head-to-toe black has always been a thing among fashion editors, but the outfits at the latest round of shows seem to be even more crow-like. The influencer Ece Sukan wore black leather and black-out shades during the Paris leg of shows and even Susie Lau, whose outfits often resemble rainbows, chose a black jacket and black Mary-Janes for H&M’s show in Rome last week.Start with a black dress and equally dark opaques, or leather trousers and a black polo neck. You’ll feel ‘fashion’ in no time.READ MORE: Watch The First Trailer For Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston’s New Programme The Morning Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We can always rely on Mango for help when it comes to a seasonal wardrobe change, and its latest #BEanICON AW19 campaign is giving us some serious style inspiration. Having collaborated with three personalities from the worlds of fashion and culture - Jeanne Damas, Veronika Heilbrunner and Pernille Teisbaek - they're highlighting the value of personality when it comes to fashion. Discover some of the statement pieces featured in the campaign, and that are on our shopping radar, below.A ruched neckline with bow fastening, frill shoulder detailing and a gorgeous flower design? It's got to be autumn's 'It' dress.Cinch in a waist or hold up mom jeans with this slick belt.Wrap up warm when the weather drops in this fuzzy faux shearling jacket. We love.We think we've found your new favourite work bag. Elegant, timeless and perfectly structured. 🖤Like comfy socks, but better. We'll be wearing these crocodile skin-style ankle boots all autumn and winter long.A shearling coat is a must-have in every AW19 wardrobe. For outwear that goes with every outfit, opt for a neutral shade like cream, camel or black.A modern update to the classic stiletto heel, these cowboy-inspired leather boots are on our AW19 wishlist.Flowy fabric isn't just reserved for spring - add it to your wardrobe in the form of this gorgeous metallic blouse. Dreamy, don't you think?Pair these textured houndstooth trousers with a work shirt or roll-neck jumper to ooze office cool. 👏🏽A quaint leather sidebag we can use all season long? Sign us right up.Tweed style + beaded button detailing = Our dream coat. 😍Now here's a blouse that will see you through the seasons - and as you likely already know, polka dot is here to stay.Who said you had to choose between comfort and style? These slouchy jeans by Mango prove that you can have the best of both worlds. We'll take one in every colour, please!Introducing your new wear-anywhere boots: no, seriously, you can don these to the office and beyond. 👢Shop these AW19 pieces and more online and in-store at Mango. #MangoAW19 #BEanICON© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Peekaboo bag is one of FENDI's most famous designs, hitting the runway over ten years ago, in their spring ready-to-wear 2009 collection. Since it's reveal the bag has become an iconic luxury statement and a collectors item, with everyone from the likes of Céline Dion to Naomi Campbell owning one as their everyday handbag.The narrative of FENDI's mother daughter series, Me and My Peekaboo, continues with actress Catherine Zeta Jones, and her 16 year old daughter, Carys Zeta Douglas. Previous episodes have included the Kardashians and McGregor sisters.Excitingly, this is the first time ever that mother and daughter have been shot together. The episode shows their unique bond with one another, while simultaneously presenting the timeless elegance of the Peekaboo bag between the different generations within a family.The episode shows their family bond, while exploring Rome, the home of FENDI, the colonnade of Palazzo Altemps and the statues of Palazzo Della Civiltà Italiana. As the two playfully showcase the Peekaboo throughout, it's great to see the variety of sizes and colours the Peekaboo is designed in - basically making it more imperative than it already is that we invest in one.READ MORE:The 15 Most Investible Designer HandbagsHandbags: The Shape Of Things To Come© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was April when I first saw a woman wearing That Zara Dress. It was by my office and she had paired this summer's most memorable high street dress with white sneakers. She looked effortless and self assured and radiated cool girl energy and I wondered where her dress was from. Rixo, perhaps? Some cool girl Scandi brand I would never manage to track down? Luckily, that weekend I found myself face to face with The Dress after ducking into a Zara to escape a downpour. It was only £39.99. Bargain. I wore it to work the next day and one of the girls on my team asked where I bought it from. Zara, I whispered conspiratorially, feeling like high street fashion's fairy godmother spreading the good word.Fast forward a month and I'm in Spain with some friends when one of them pulls The Dress from her luggage to wear to dinner. We bonded over how much we loved the cut. The black and white spots. How versatile it was. And, crucially, how good we felt wearing it.Back in May, I had only spotted The Dress in the wild a handful of times. I still felt like I was in on the high street's best kept secret. And after moving my life and my wardrobe to a new country which lacked the brands that had been my go-to for affordable and flattering cuts and after months of trying on clothes that didn't sit quite right or, even more upsettingly. required an extreme extraction effort to undress under harsh changing room lights, I had finally found a dress that worked for my body.The wintery version was first released in Australia, but has now hit stores in the UK and is available to buy now. Every version of That Zara Dress2of3The wintery version was first released in Australia, but has now hit stores in the UK and is available to buy now. Same cut, different pattern. In August Zara released an updated version of The Dress, which can be yours for £49.99The Zara spotty dress that inspired a thousand memes is currently out of stock - but it looks like the retailer will be bringing it back. I have seen The Zara Dress on tall women. Short women. Pregnant women. Very thin women. On women who - like me - are not a sample size. And you know what? It looks great on every body. Herein lies the magic of the summer's most viral item of clothing: women really just want to buy clothes that make them feel good. The Dress, it seems, is fashion's great equaliser.I know that everyone has the dress. I know when I wear it in public there is a high probability I'll cross paths with someone in the same outfit and be turned into a meme. The virality of the dress has been immortalised on Instagram accounts, covered by everyone from The New York Times__ to the BBC to your WhatsApp group chat and is known to inspire extreme reactions in bystanders.Some will audibly groan or roll their eyes when they see you coming, swathed in spots like a low-budget extra from Emma Stone's 101 Dalmations reboot; others will try and subtly take a snap to submit to @hot4thespot. But there's always at least one woman who will see you wearing it and tell you how much she loves your dress before revealing they've got their own spotty number hanging up at home.The Dress might be a real life meme. A basic bitch cliché. The height of unoriginal dressing. But just like I can't stop wearing it, I can't stop buying it. I now own every iteration of The Dress currently available. The original? It's been on high rotation for seven months now. The more Autumnal red leopard print version that inexplicably retails for an extra £10? Hanging in my wardrobe. The Wintery black with white spots edition? Well, I might just be wearing it right now. Sure, I might be one wear away from becoming a viral sensation, but you know what? I've got too much Big Dress Energy to care.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Puffas, bombers, military jackets…the outerwear options are hardly in short supply. But there’s one style in particular that will always stay close to our hearts in the colder season: the leopard print coat.There’s something instantly chic about the cover-up that makes us feel part ‘60s rocker/part Alexa Chung. And who can forget Jackie Kennedy in that Oleg Cassini-designed coat? It’s the ultimate buy now, wear forever wardrobe staple that suits anyone, defying any trend. Fact.Our love affair with animal print has been cemented with the latest high-street choices (see below!) and of course everyone from Kendall Jenner to Kate Moss showing us how to style our LPC this winter.But where to start? Grazia rounds up the best leopard print coats we're coveting right now…The cosiest option to throw on top of any outfit – and edgy, without looking too overdressed a la Alexa Chung. For the ultimate ‘I Left My House In A Rush But Still Look Amazing’ vibe? Drape over jeans + white tee + thin black scarf. Très chic!From fitted faux fur styles from Stella McCartney and Shrimps to a blazer from H&M – this shorter, elegant version turns an outfit from 0-10.If you’re into your tailored pieces, this style is for you. Simple, sleek and perfect for winter evenings, with a mini-skirt and black ankle boots.Shop our best leopard print coats gallery below...SHOP: Leopard Print Coats2of5READ MORE: How To Wear Leopard Print This Autumn READ MORE: How To Wear Pink Without Looking Like A Princess © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you're looking to make a powerful statement regarding your fashion nous this season, you may be surprised to know that the answer lies with the humble cardigan. Banish thoughts of frumpy knitwear and your grandmother's wardrobe – the cardigan has metamorphosed and is now a status symbol of sorts.It started on the catwalks, as these things tend to. Fashion's most influential players – Chanel, Margaret Howell, Miu Miu, Christopher Kane – made them longline, V-neck, worn tucked into prim skirts or thrown over party dresses. They were at House of Holland, Molly Goddard, Erdem and Lanvin, too, proving that not only had the cardigan staged a comeback of epic proportions but there's also myriad ways in which to wear it.Then came a fashion move nobody saw coming. It starred Katie Holmes in what, rather bafflingly, would become a viral image. There was Holmes, on the streets of New York, wearing a soft beige cashmere cardigan by Khaite, buttoned loosely over a matching bra, made of the same material. Despite the fact that the cardigan cost over £1,000, it sold out.But this is not even the most surprising cardigan-related activity. On Saturday, Kurt Cobain's green, cigarette-burned cardigan that he wore during Nirvana's Unplugged performance on MTV in 1993 sold at auction for $334,000 (£260,000). The mohair cardi was, alarmingly, unwashed, and now boasts the title of the most expensive jumper ever sold at auction.That a simple cardigan has such enduring power over time is testament to the fact that sometimes, the simplest things really are the best. And this is being reflected on the high street, too.& Other Stories currently has 52 cardigans on offer, all of different shapes, colours and sizes. H&M also has lots of choice, including its Argyle knit that's part of a collaboration with Pringle of Scotland. Elsewhere, Ganni has just launched a capsule collection of knitwear that includes a two-tone cardigan, Net-a-Porter has all but sold out of many styles, including the Miu Miu camouflage print seen on the runway and Selfridges has over 200 cardigans that range from a £39 Topshop style to a £5,450 cashmere blend from Brunello Cucinelli.Poppy Lomax, Buying Manager at Selfridges, acknowledged that the cardigan has been elevated to new heights: 'This season, the cardigan finally gets its “statement” credentials, with brands and designers highlighting it within AW19 collections in a way we haven’t really seen before. It's high-level luxury, grunge, hyper-lady, hybrid (mixed in with silk scarves at both Burberry and Versace)… or anything else you want it to be. There are simple, utilitarian styles at Dries and Acne through to those most coveted luxury styles at The Row, Rick Owens and Khaite. Shushu Tong, Paper London, Samsoe & Samsoe and Baumund Und Pferdgarten all have show-off-able options, too.'And just like that, the cardigan became cool.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to shopping in Zara, the average customer requires a certain set of skills. You need a great deal of patience (have you seen the queues?), knowledge (do you know your TRF from your Studio?) and hawk-like senses (the shoes are below eye level) to survive the often over-populated/over-heated store.But the sales demand a whole other set of specialised skills we're not all blessed with. Famous for mountainous piles of mismatched jeans and an over complicated returns system (FYI never throw away your receipts), the Zara sales can be tricky to navigate. If you're an amateur that is.But for those of you who dedicate your lunch breaks to sourcing that bell-sleeved top everyone is coveting at half price, here are 21 things you can probably relate to this sales season...Only an amateur would shop the sales when they first drop. Everyone knows prices will decrease by a significant amount after a few days…Trainers? Check. Tee that's easy to whip off? Check. Rule number one, you mustn't waste valuable shopping time in the changing rooms. Wear an across the body bags so both your hands are free for optimum grabbing ability. Coats are a no-no, you work up a sweat as it is. And is it just us or have you noticed the all-year-round tropical climate in Zara?Most importantly, you know where the mirrors are.Now everyone is going to own the leather biker you spent £99.99 on. Sigh.You’ve never seen that suede skirt before and you skim the ‘new in’ section of the website, app and window displays on a daily basis.Victory!You begin to follow her around the shop until she decides they’re not for her (and you can swoop in and claim what's rightfully yours)…Bring on the £25.99 tags you often dream about.Wait, do those people even exist? There's a fine line between S, M and L. There needs to be more clarification people.‘Can you hold onto these and I’ll let you know when I’m ready to swap?’But they’re not replying fast enough…‘No they do not all look the same’…You know the one we mean, that rail that's almost impossible to go through because it's overflowing with unwanted items, but possible winners for you... A quick scan won't hurt.It will probably wash out, right? But then what if it doesn’t? Will they let you return it? Probably not…You collar over a busy sales assistant (who has piles of jeans in her hands) and insist they join you on the hunt for the left shoe.If you don’t buy these pompom sandals now you may never get the chance again…And nod in acknowledgement when a fellow customer complains at the length of the queue. You’re all in this together.You basically made a profit.It's been weeks. Where's the new collection at? Make room!'It's probably too cold to wear these sandals isn't it?''Do I have time to nip back in before my lunch break ends?' Probably not...Surely that's not how it's supposed to work, is it?READ MORE: Things You Only Know If You're Addicted To ZaraREAD MORE: Olivia Palermo's Best Zara Outfits Of All Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Attending a roundtable discussion on gender equality with The Queen’s Commonwealth Trust (QCT) and One Young World at Windsor Castle this morning Meghan Markle opted to wear a BOSS pencil skirt in glossy berry leather. A master of colour blocking, she flexed her expert coordination skills by teaming it with a matching knit and Sarah Flint pumps in a custom shade.The look might have exuded easy elegance, but nothing about what she wears – especially in a week where scrutiny of Meghan, as a woman and a Duchess, has reached fever pitch – is accidental.Still a relative newcomer to royal life, Meghan has already got the memo that everything she wears is loaded with the assumption that it must Say Something. In the past two years, she’s had to adapt – fast. Meghan has become the consummate canny dresser. She knows that brand choices should be ambassadorial, price tags should be appropriate, and her look should always be a precise blend of aspirational and attainable. Every heel, hat and hemline can, and does, invite intense scrutiny and acres of news coverage. No pressure.The BOSS skirt is a particularly smart choice for Meghan. The classic silhouette is polished (read: appropriate), the leather – a big trend for AW19 – is modern. It’s a piece that rings true to her personal brand of pared-back glossiness, but with its whiff of subversion, the skirt says she’s still confident enough to bend the rules a little. And what better way to than to let her critics know that she will not be shrinking away than by opting for photo-op ready head-to-toe red (albeit a muted, autumnal hue – so that she cannot be accused of brazen attention seeking)? All in all, it’s a win for diplomatic dressing.It’s BOSS’s stealth luxury that resonates with the royals. The timeless designs are contemporary, but confidently eschew faddy, overtly trend-driven details. They are pieces you can return to again and again, without looking dated and, as such, act as scaffolding to a grown-up, considered wardrobe which prizes style over fashion.Meghan’s not the only royal with a soft spot for BOSS, the German brand helmed by chief brand office Ingo Wilts which is renowned for its excellent tailoring. Indeed, that leather skirt (£369 – and still available, but be quick!) was spotted on Queen Letizia of Spain just yesterday, who wore hers with a white lace blouse. Meghan wore an emerald green version of the same style a year ago, and a plissé, pleated skirt from the label at Wimbledon this summer. Kate Middleton has previously been spotted in a T-shirt and heels by the brand. Does her choice of a royal favourite send a message that she's in step with the rest of the family?You can currently get the skirt in nude, red or black. It's still in stock in an 8, 10, 12 and 14. Credit: Amazon'I have long been obsessed with this book, and specifically with The Little Fox,' Meghan told her Tig readers. 'Even if I don't revisit the entire existential text (masked as a children's book), the chapter of The Little Fox unearths a truth in me that is always worth the check-in.' Having never read The Little Prince (more of a The Little Princess kind of person, really) I've resorted to a time-honoured means of literary analysis, Spark Notes, and still can't quite unpick what the Fox is all about. He does, however, tell the Prince that you can only truly see with your heart, not your eyes, which is a rather lovely sentiment. Let's just assume that her choice of a book about a Prince foreshadowed the fact that she'd one day… marry a Prince? Wait, come back… Based on ancient Toltec wisdom and promising to contain a code of conduct that should theoretically lead to freedom, happiness and love, Meghan was given a copy of The Four Agreements by her mother Doria when she was 13 years old. Per her Tig piece, she 'constantly circle[s] back to the Don Miguel Ruiz classic for the simplest ways to simplify your life,' and from her clever use of repetition, we can glean that Meghan loves simplicity; she was probably into Marie Kondo before it was a thing, you guys! The Agreements themselves actually sound like they have the potential to be pretty useful in Meghan's future life. First, there's 'be impeccable with your word,' fair advice given that everything the new royal says on the record has the power to generate its own news story. Then there's 'don't take anything personally' and 'don't make assumptions' – don't take Prince George's side-eye personally, and don't assume you have to dress in homage to Princess Diana – and 'always do your best.' Credit: Amazon'Annoyed by your self-doubt and distractions? The noise that keeps you from reaching your potential? Okay, so yeah. Me too,' Meghan writes of the Motivation Manifesto, the second self-help book on her list and one which boasts the #content-worthy subtitle 9 Declarations to Claim Your Personal Power. Author Burchard is a motivational speaker whose tag line is Live, Love, Matter, which we can imagine written in cursive on a Tig-friendly scatter cushion, and has a profile on Success.com, so we can only infer that he's a Very Successful Guy. What else can we learn from this choice, other than the fact that our Meghan is a goal-oriented individual? Perhaps that she would probably get on well with fictional character Alan Johnson from Peep Show. Credit: Amazon'Aspects of Taoism told through the characters of Winnie the Pooh – I mean, does it get better?' Meghan gets to the crux of The Tao of Pooh – an introduction to Taoist beliefs featuring the inhabitants of the 100 Acre Wood – far quicker and more succinctly than we ever could. Assumption made: Meghan is totally the friend who brings you a fridge magnet bearing (no pun intended) a deep slogan under a picture of Pooh walking into the distance, telling you 'I just thought of you when I saw it!' Credit: AmazonMeghan's third and final self-help tome purports to contain the World's Most Popular Management Method; according to her lost Tig feature, she first picked the book up as part of the required reading for an Industrial Engineering class at Northwestern University. Who Moved My Cheese is a parable in which – spoiler alert – the cheese represents everything you want to have in life. Has Meghan found the cheese? Yes – someone gave her a wedding cake sculpted from cheese back in January! © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...She’s the Manhattanite powerhouse who turned her personal ethos for getting dressed into a viable business. Now Leandra Medine, the founder and CEO of Man Repeller, whose outfits are as big on fun as they are on Instagram fans, is bringing her secret sauce to the high street. Her Mango collaboration drops on 30 October - and her following, 2.2m-strong on Instagram, will be thrilled with its Medine-ness.‘I think my style is best described as basic, but insane,’ she tells me over email. ‘I thrive on taking regular clothes that are distinctly wearable in the context of everyday life and making them feel special.’ I don’t know about ‘insane’, but plenty of the collection’s otherwise pared-back pieces have been given a maximalist touch that is classic Medine. A grey button-down comes with fringed cuffs, a pair of denim shorts have pearl-encrusted pockets and a pinafore comes with flower-power embroidery. You can totally imagine Leandra, or a member of her whip-smart staff for that matter, wearing the last entry with a polo neck and lace-up brogues. Or with a cable-knit cardigan and knee-high suede boots.The sense of fun is palpable - and that will surely go down well with the #MangoGirls. How does Medine sum up the brand’s customer? ‘She’s committed to her own style and doesn’t take herself too seriously.’Medine describes her go-to outfit as ripped jeans, a denim shirt, a pair of tan suede loafers and a satin clutch, but she’s worn much more ‘extra’ items in the past, including striped silk surf shorts, knitted balaclavas, tie-dye T-shirts and heaps of anklets, and tells me she’s looking forward to wearing ‘suspenders, formal sweatpants and knee-high boots’ this winter. Does she have any outfit-related regrets? ‘Never regret,’ she says. ‘Every outfit has a time and place.’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Katie Holmes has done it again. She has taken a seemingly basic item of clothing and elevated it to stratospheric new heights. First there was the cardigan, which she essentially reinvented as the sex symbol of autumn 2019 – now, it's the turn of that timeless (if not fairly basic) combo: the LBD and tights. OK, it was a Saint Laurent LBD – and ITEM m6 tights for anyone interested – but still.  Is this woman a genius? Are we overreacting? (Yes.) But through whatever alchemy, Holmes has suddenly made us yearn for a pair of sheer, polka dot tights as fervently as we may have done in, say, 2013 (which, incidentally, is when Holmes herself last wore a pair). But this hysteria over yet another Katie Holmes Outfit is not as surprising, or indeed baffling, as you might think. Tights are, in fact, one of the most fashion-forward statements you could make right now. For one thing, if you're looking for a way to refresh your wardrobe without buying new clothes – thereby avoiding a contribution to fashion's detrimental impact on the planet– then the fact that tights are a major focus for the new season is a handy bonus. This may sound ridiculous. 'Of course they are!' you may cry. Who doesn't wear tights when it starts getting colder? But I'm not just talking about your regular old opaques (although let's not disregard those – more on that later) but the new breed of hosiery crafted from coloured lace, stamped with logos (Sienna Miller was spotted at Milan Fashion Week in a Gucci pair), decorated with diamante and – as in the case of Holmes' legs – printed with polka dots. Ever since last winter, tights have become something much more interesting than mere practical leg coverings. Gucci and Danish brand Saks Potts both made logo tights, for instance, that flew off shelves all over the world, only to end up on a million Insta feeds, swiftly becoming one of the most talked-about buys of the season.This year, that sense of fervour has only intensified, with Paco Rabanne showing diamante-encrusted black tights, Saint Laurent producing polka dots (Hi, Katie!) and both Gucci and Versace championing coloured lace tights. The latter may sound rather terrifying but at Versace, there was just a glimpse of red lace under a black pencil skirt, worn with a slouchy Blondie tee half-tucked.The rules have changed, too. On a lot of catwalks (Gucci and Versace included), tights were worn with open-toe sandals, an excellent way of breathing new life into your more summery shoes. Sheer tights, too, have made something of a comeback, spotted at Givenchy, Moschino and Saint Laurent. And at Valentino, Louis Vuitton and Balmain, thick opaques were the order of the day, which is just great news all round.Off catwalks, show-goers wore white tights with Mary-Janes, logo tights with slingback shoes and fishnets under jeans. On the high street, there are more options than ever. Heist has just launched three new colours, for example, including fuchsia and ice blue, while Calzedonia has everything from leopard print to polka dot and even its very own logos.While the debate about when it's officially autumnal enough to wear tights rages every year, I'd suggest that there's no better time than the present to start contemplating which statement style you'll be wearing this season. I'm backing Versace's approach (a glimpse of colour beneath a monochrome combo) as well as Katie Holmes' sheer polka dots, obviously – they're crying out to be taken to a party.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It is now (almost) the end of October, which means not only are you about to welcome (or not) the onslaught of Christmas madness but there's also the annual shopping extravaganza that is Black Friday – an occasion which may be an American export but has become increasingly popular here in the UK over the last few years. While most brands save their best deals for that one day – this year, Black Friday lands on 29 November – TK Maxx has decided to go one better.For the next four weeks, TK Maxx will be hosting a series of flash sales, which will allow you to bagsy some designer clothes, accessories, shoes and homewares at even lower prices than normal. Of course, TK Maxx is already the home of excellent bargains, offering some of the best-known designers in fashion for a snip of the original price. So, this Black Friday news is very welcome indeed.This week, it's shoe week. That's right, there are major deals to be found on trainers, flats, heels and boots – you name it, Tk Maxx has got it. Next week, the brand will be hosting 'Kids' Idols', which will offer a range of merchandise based on cartoon heroes, princes and princesses, while the week after (3 November onwards) will see a huge flash sale across branded homewares, allowing you to stock up on everything from glassware to kitchen gadgets.Then, during the week that starting 10 November, the sale will be across designer menswear, offering us all a brilliant opportunity to stock up on Christmas presents, before the last (but certainly not least) sale will begin on 17 November and includes designer bags of all kinds – handbags, backpacks, clutches and everything in between.The best bit of all this, of course, is that the sales will all be across the website, too, meaning you won't have to end up on the news as one of those people at the front of a stampede on your local high street. So, thanks to TK Maxx, it really does look like all your Christmases (and Black Fridays) have come at once...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A couple of weeks ago, I reported that Harry Styles is making a one-man case for flares. He is, after all, the living embodiment of why Big Girl's Blouse is not, in fact, a reductive, gendered insult but a truly brilliant compliment. The thing is, this is not just another case of Harry Styles Looking Good In Clothes. Rather, it is evidence that Styles is a fashion clairvoyant – a trendsetter of the highest order. Except he's not alone. There is another man proving that flares are, in fact, A Thing once more. And that man is Andrew Garfield. The place? Drag Race UK.For his appearance as one of the first celebrity guest judges (along with Alan Carr) on the new Drag Race UK, Garfield wore one of the most spectacular pairs of flares I've ever seen. They evoked memories of my own Miss Sixty pair, which I wore for the whole of 2005. More importantly, they looked excellent as Garfield CRAWLED down the catwalk (please enjoy the following video).In a red satin (!) shirt and camel blazer, Garfield truly committed to his 70s homage. And while it shouldn't work, it really, really does. This was somewhat of a surprise flare, if you will, whereas Styles has been sporting his flares for some time now (mostly Gucci, naturally, as he is the brand's poster boy). He most recently appeared in a pair of flared jeans, worn perfectly with an orange, V-neck jumper – a top-to-toe Gucci look. And just like that, he (and Garfield, mid-crawl) replaced Katie Holmes as the inventor of this season's perfect outfit.The fact that Styles is sporting a French Tuck to make even Tan France jealous is just a brilliant byproduct of this situation. The main issue remains that Styles is currently wearing the style of jeans that Celine, at Paris Fashion Week last month, has declared as IN for spring.Of course, flared jeans may make you think of Britney circa 1999 (and perhaps not in a good way) or JLo wearing hers with UGG boots. Banish such thoughts and instead gaze on the perfection of Styles's Gucci get-up. And Garfield's 70s homage. Or, look at the Celine catwalk, where designer Hedi Slimane sent models out in buttoned-down shirts, blazers and Converse with their flares. Other models wore theirs with pussybow shirts for an explicit 70s feel – something Styles may be trying in the near future, perhaps?While you may associate them with your least fashionable friend (you don't have to admit it, we're all doing it) the truth is that they can be extremely flattering; most of them are naturally high waisted and, given the excess material, they make legs look longer. But who really cares about flattering when they're so much fun to wear?Who'd have thought that Styles would inhabit such a crucial role in fashion? For anyone who has recently enjoyed the pleasure of re-watching his initial X Factor audition video on YouTube, I'd say nobody.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...However you feel about it, Christmas is well and truly on the agenda. It may only be mid-October but some of the best beauty advent calendars have already sold out and some festive adverts have even started to grace our television screens. Today, Missoma has decided to get in on the act with its very first advent calendar promising 12 days of beautiful jewellery.Contained within the pretty drawers are not just some of Missoma's best-selling pieces – Gold Mini Molten Necklace, Gold Star Bracelet and Gold Mini Claw Charm Hoops – but also places to put them, in the form of a Cosmic Graffiti Starry Eyed Trinket Tray and Purse. The brand has also launched a new Cosmic Hair Clip, which is excellent for the party season and beyond.What started as a relatively small British brand has exploded since Missoma's launch in 2008 – thanks, in large part, to a wide variety of celebrity fans (a pair of Missoma earrings were most recently worn by Bella Hadid). It seems that nobody, however, can match the ability held by both the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex when it comes to selling products (albeit inadvertently). Whatever they wear sells out in seconds, if it's available to buy, and both have worn Missoma on multiple occasions. Just last week, in fact, Kate Middleton wore a pair of the Gold Zenyu Chandelier Hoops during the royal tour of Pakistan. Impressively, Missoma's calendar is worth over £695 but costs £395. While it's labelled as an advent calendar, it could also make for a seriously impressive gift for Christmas itself if you're in the market for something special (for yourself or others).Given Missoma's ardent fan base, however, you may want to be quick – before it sells out.Missoma's First Advent Calendar1of1© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last year, the phenomenon that is athleisure was identified as one of fashion's biggest global trends with a market value of over $300 billion. That's a lot of leggings. For Canadian brand Lululemon, this has meant that what was once an athletic apparel brand that you might visit to buy some clothes for yoga now has a cult-like following around the world. In 2017, for example, it was named as the most popular fashion brand among millennials. Leggings are no longer just leggings – they're a status symbol by which an increasing amount of people are measuring themselves. Capitalising on just that is a brand new collaboration between Lululemon and the fashion tour de force that is Roksanda, eponymous brand of Serbian-born designer Roksanda Ilinčić.Fusing the high-performance functionality of Lululemon's clothes with the high fashion aesthetic of Roksanda, this 17-piece collection is the gym kit of your dreams. Yes, there are leggings, vests and outerwear, but they're anything but boring. Instead, they've been given voluminous sleeves, unexpected colour combinations and sculptural silhouettes. The collaboration was a result of many discussions between Audrey Reilly, Lululemon’s SVP of women’s design and Ilinčić, the latter of whom is a keen gym goer but told Vogue that, despite her love of colour in every other aspect of her life, she only wore black to the gym.'The designs are carefully created to complement every element of a woman’s lifestyle, says Ilinčić. It was important to me that each piece feels natural to wear at any point in the day.' As well as the standard staples, there are also some unexpected pieces, like the Face Forward Skirt – inspired by a classic Roksanda silhouette, this lightweight, quick-drying skirt is designed to be layered over leggings after yoga, for example. The intention is to cater to busy women's lives in the easiest, most effortless way possible.This is also reflected in the collection's hero piece: the Infinity Coat. Available in two different colourways, this wind-proof, waterproof cover-up is like the Swiss Army Knife of coats. You can wear it as a puffer, a vest, a trench or as the full shebang, it has thumb holes to keep your sleeves in place and it even packs into a small, handy pouch. At £898, it's the most expensive piece in the range but, for Roksanda fans looking for something truly versatile that can be worn in many different ways (and forever, too) it will no doubt be at the top of wish lists.'Now more than ever,' Ilinčić says, 'women are focused on pushing boundaries. They’re looking for product that enhances the balance of style and function. Lululemon’s codes mean each product has a strong purpose— ultimately the wellbeing of the wearer.'This is the first of two drops, the second of which will arrive in January. The inaugural collection launches today, online and in select stores. Something tells me that gym kits will never quite be the same again.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...During the royal tour of Pakistan, Kate Middleton proved that she is the master of diplomatic dressing. She wore a mix of both British and Pakistani designers, many of whom had created their own versions of traditional Pakistani clothes just for the Duchess. In new photographs that have surfaced on Instagram, however, it turns out that Kate was also repping the British high street. #royalcouple #royaltour #katemiddleton #william#duchessofcambridge #dukeofcambridgeA post shared by  Kate And Meghan (@kateandmeganstyle) on Oct 22, 2019 at 3:29am PDTAt a private event at which Kate and William met staff at the British High Commission, Kate wore a blue floral wrap dress from Ghost. The Avery wrap dress is a very reasonable £195 but has unfortunately (and unsurprisingly) already sold out at Ghost and all of its stockists (ASOS, Selfridges and John Lewis have all sold out of this particular style). Chances are, Kate was drawn to Ghost in particular as its creative director, Sameera Azeem, is originally of British Pakistani heritage.Kate wore the dress with her New Look shoes, which are still available in a slightly different colour – and for only £22.99. Selam herkese, Kate’in Pakistan’da katıldıgı bir resepsiyondan daha önce hiç görmediğimiz fotoğrafları ortaya çıktı🤗 Elbiseye saçı falan yakışmış ama fotoların çözünürlüğü çok iyi değil o yüzden size elbisenin kendi görselini ekledim💜🌟 Elbise: @ghostfashion . . . . . . #katemiddleton #duchessofcambridge #dukeofcambridge #princesscharlotte #princessdiana #princegeorge #diana #royal #royalfamily #royalty #britishroyals #goodvibes #diana #royalhaller  #royalcouple #royal #royaltour #britishroyals #emmabridgewateraddict #britishroyalfamily #new #pazar #newpost  #royalwedding #theweeknd #happytime #sunday #emmabridgewater #royalhaller #salıA post shared by  Taç Veliaht Royal Magazini (@katemiddletonekspertizi) on Oct 22, 2019 at 2:56am PDTKate joins the likes of Carrie Symonds, another woman in the public eye who frequently turns to Ghost for lovely, easy-to-wear dresses that are affordable, too.While Kate's exact dress may have sold out, fear not – there are plenty of other options available to cater to all manner of occasions.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The idyllic autumnal scene of crisp, fallen leaves, chilly, sun-soaked days and nights spent huddled around a bonfire is somewhat undermined by the current threat of rain. It feels interminable and, as you draw the curtains on a Monday morning, less than encouraging. Well, when life gives you lemons, why not follow that old adage and make the sartorial equivalent of lemonade which is, in this case (as decided by me), a raincoat.Raincoats are not known for their style prowess. In fact, one may evoke distant memories of school trips to historic sites, Pac-a-Mac worn over your uniform as you stand in the relentless rain half-listening to a story about Oliver Cromwell as you slowly develop Trench Foot. I'm not bitter. What I do regret is the limited array of waterproof coats that were on offer during my childhood. Now, I'm making up for lost time.From Ganni's tiger-print coat to Mango's striking purple puffer, waterproof no longer means drab. Or boring. Instead, brands have actually started to marry function with form, resulting in a whole new breed of excellent rain resistant cover-ups.So, whether you're wearing them with jeans and trainers at the weekend or smarter ensembles during the week, you can rest assured that your rain coat is about as far from that Pac-A-Mac as humanly possible.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Louis Vuitton has just opened a new factory in Texas – and to celebrate, Bernard Arnault, chairman and CEO of LVMH, the brand's parent company, welcomed Donald Trump and his daughter Ivanka as guests of honour at an event. Trump took a tour of the factory before making a speech, which included some comments about his recent 'success in the Middle East' before mispronouncing Louis Vuitton.Of course, this occasion elicits many questions. Namely: Why, in the name of Louis, does LVMH want to align itself with Trump? At the opening, Arnault said: 'We are very honored to have the president of the United States coming for the opening. I am not here to judge his types of policies. I have no political role. I am a business person. I try to tell him what I think for the success of the economy of the country, and the success of what we are doing.'Interestingly, Louis Vuitton's own artistic director of womenswear, Nicolas Ghesquiere, took to Instagram to declare his distaste for LV's association with Trump. He wrote: 'Standing against any political action. I am a fashion designer refusing this association #trumpisajoke #homophobia.' The post received much praise from fellow fashion industry insiders, as well as celebrities like Indya Moore.As Vanessa Friedman pointed out in the New York Times, brands such as New Balance, SoulCycle and Equinox have all suffered due to their public endorsement of Trump in the past. Given that Louis Vuitton has been valued by Forbes as the world's most valuable luxury brand, it has a lot to lose. The factory itself, however, is in Johnson County, where 77.5% of people voted for Trump in 2016. Given that Louis Vuitton is promising 1,000 jobs (according to the New York Times, 'the company signed President Trump’s “Pledge to America’s Workers,” an education and training initiative, the week before the opening.') this is likely to go down well with voters in the area, looking ahead to the 2020 elections.Since the factory visit, the boycott-Trump movement, Grab Your Wallet, has added Louis Vuitton to its list of retailers with ties to the Trump family and/or administration that it advises shoppers avoid. Shannon Coulter, co-founder of the organisation, told Business of Fashion that 'creating jobs is not an excuse to ignore morally repugnant behavior. Businesses are willing to look the other way in order to work with the Trump administration, but it’s a worrisome trend.'Credit: Gettyin October 2016, Jessica Leeds alleged in a New York Times article that Donald Trump groped her on a plane in the 1970's. Leeds repeated the accusation on ABC News and at a news conference in December of 2017. Trump responded by stating 'I've had many false charges; I had a woman sitting in an airplane and I attacked her while people were coming onto the plane. And I have a number-one bestseller out? I mean it was total phony story. There are many of them'.Credit: GettyTrump's most recent accuser - E. Jean Carroll wrote an article in which she describes an incident where the president of the United States sexually assaulted and raped her in a dressing room of the Bergdorf Goodman department store in the mid 1990's. The 'colossal struggle' according to Carroll took place over 3 minutes during which Trump 'pulls down my tights' and thrust his penis 'halfway – or completely, I'm not certain – inside me.'. Trump responded to the accusation by telling the press 'she's not my type'. Karena Virginia accused Trump of groping her breast in 1998 outside the US open Tennis tournament. Describing the incident, she said 'He then walked up to me and reached his right arm and grabbed my right arm, then his hand touched the right inside of my breast.' after she flinched, Trump allegedly told the then 27-year-old 'Don't you know who I am?'. Donald Trump has never directly addressed the accusation. Credit: GettyIn 1997 Jill Harth filed a sexual assault lawsuit against Trump. According to Harth, Trump tried to put his hands between her legs during a dinner with her boyfriend George Houraney, in 1992. She also alleges that tried to kiss her during a tour of his Mar-a-lago estate a month later. In 2016 the lawsuit was revisited, Trump was quoted to have said 'It's ridiculous, I never touched this woman'. The two briefly dated in 1998. Following several defamatory press stories, Harth made a statement accusing the The Hill of undermining her and her attorney in the interest of Trump's presidential campaign. Credit: The Washington PostIn an interview with the Washington Post, Kristin Anderson claimed Donald Trump put his hand up her skirt and groped her in the 1990's. Her friend, Brad Trent corroborated to story, telling ABC News that Anderson had told him about the incident the same year it happened. Hope Hicks, Trumps former Communications Director responded stating 'Mr. Trump strongly denies this phony allegation by someone looking to get some free publicity.' Credit: GettyKathy Heller claims that in 1997 Trump kissed her against her will at a Mother's Day Brunch at Mar-a-Lago. After pushing him away, Trump allegedly said to Heller 'Oh, come on.' before grabbing her and attempting to kiss her again. Trump's campaign claimed it was a false statement, stating ''There is no way that something like this would have happened in a public place on Mother's Day at Mr. Trump's resort. It would have been the talk of Palm Beach for the past two decades'. Heller told People magazine in 2017 that Trump is 'a hypocrite' and 'I don't think he should be calling out anyone for sexual harassment or sexual assault, but I don't think he can control himself'. 'The time that he walked through the dressing rooms was really shocking. We were all naked,' Bridget Sullivan told Buzzfeed in May 2016, describing how Trump walked into the dressing rooms at the Miss Universe contest while contestants were changing. In a 2005 interview, Trump said 'No men are anywhere, and I'm allowed to go in, because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it. ... 'Is everyone OK'? You know, they're standing there with no clothes. 'Is everybody OK?' And you see these incredible looking women, and so I sort of get away with things like that'. Credit: GettyJennifer Murphy, a former contestant on The Apprentice TV show that Trump formerly hosted told Grazia that Trump kissed her on the lips during a job interview after she left the show. After leaving the show, Trump had offered to secure Murphy a job but following their interview, Murphy states 'He walked me to the elevator, and I said goodbye. I was thinking, 'Oh, he's going to hug me,' but when he pulled my face in and gave me a smooch. I was like, 'Oh kay.' I didn't know how to act. I was just a little taken aback and probably turned red'.Credit: GettyDixon claims that Donald Trump came 'strolling right in' during a dress rehearsal for the Miss USA Pageant in 2001 when she was 18. According to Dixon, the who were naked or half-naked and 'very physically vulnerable position.' were instructed to 'fawn all over him'. The Trump campaign responded to Dixon's claims, stating 'These accusations have no merit and have already been disproven by many other individuals who were present'. During the 1997 Miss USA Contest, Temple Taggart (the then 21-year-old Miss Utah) claimed Trump kissed her 'directly on the lips'. In an interview in October 2017 Trump said 'I don't even know who she is, she claims this took place in a public area. I never kissed her. I emphatically deny this ridiculous claim.'In June 2016, former Miss Washington Cassandra Searles wrote on Facebook that Trump 'treated us like cattle' adding 'I forgot to mention that guy will be running to become the next President of United States.' according the the Rolling Stone, she later wrote an additional comment to the thread that Trump 'probably doesn't want me telling the story about that time he continually grabbed my ass and invited me to his hotel room'.Credit: GettyJessica Drake, and adult film star, says that she met Trump in 2006 at Lake Tahoe. Trump allegedly invited Drake and two other women to a hotel room where Drake says 'When we entered the room, he grabbed each of us tightly in a hug and kissed each one of us without asking permission,' adding that after she left Trump called her requesting that she return to his room to have dinner with him. 'Donald then asked me 'What do you want? How much?'. The Trump campaign referred to Drake's accusations as 'totally false and ridiculous'. Credit: ABC NewsMindy McGillivrey was working as a photographer's assistant at Mar-a-Lago for an event in 2003 when she says Donald Trump groped her behind. The photographer working with her, Ken Davidoff recalled that McGillivrey immediately pulled him aside and said 'Donald just grabbed my ass'. In an interview in December 2017 McGillivrey told NBC 'I think it's important that we hold this man to the highest of standards, and if 16 women have come forward, then why hasn't anything been done? Where is our investigation? I want justice.' Trump's then-Communications Director Hope Hicks said the claimed lacked 'any merit or veracity'. Summer Zervos is currently filing a defamation lawsuit against Trump after he called her and the other women accusing him of sexual impropriety liars. Zervos alleges that after she competed on The Apprentice, Trump kissed her twice during meetings at Trump Tower, and kissed and groped her in a California hotel room. During the altercation, Servos says Trump 'grabbed my shoulder and began kissing me again aggressively and placed his hand on my breast'. Referring to the defamation lawsuit, Zervos's attorney said 'It was Donald Trump who was lying when he falsely denied his predatory misconduct with Summer Zervos, and derided her for perpetrating a 'hoax' and making up a 'phony' story to get attention.'Natasha Stoynoff published a first-person account for People magazine, describing an assault which she alleges took place when she interviewed Trump in Mar-a-Lago in 2005. During the incident, Stoynoff wrote that Trump pushed her against a wall and attempted to kiss her before being interrupted by a butler. A following story published by People listed five colleagues and friends who said that Stoynoff had told them about the incident when she returned from the interview. In response Trump tweeted 'Why didn't the writer of this twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the 'incident' in her story. Because it did not happen!'. Former Miss Finland, Ninni Laaksonen told a Finnish newspaper that during the Miss Universe contest in 2006, while posing for a photo 'Trump stood right next to me and suddenly he squeezed my butt. He really grabbed my butt'. Laaksonen declined later requests for comment on the incident after being contacted by ABC News in 2017, responding 'I have never commented on this, and I won't. I wish that you respect my will to live a normal life without interference.'Credit: GettyWhile working as a Secretary in Trump's building in 2005, Rachel Crooks told the New York Times that Trump accosted her outside of an elevator where he shook her hand, kissed her on the cheek and kissed her on the lips. Brainne Webb, Crooks sister told ABC news that Crooks had immediately called her after the incident in a state of upset. Crooks repeated her story in The Washington Post in 2018, to which Trump Tweeted 'A woman I don't know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn't @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesn't fit the Mainstream Media narrative.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ask any big boobed woman what single garment she's always assumed that she 'can't wear' and she will almost certainly reply, 'a polo neck.' Despite the fact that we all know academically that we can wear whatever the hell we want, this idea that polo necks are not for women with big boobs is pervasive and hard to shake.Personally I blame Trinny and Susannah, the TV duo who went around ripping polo necks out of the hands of women with large breasts and convincing anyone over a size 8 that they had to wear a wrap top with a deep v-neck and an a-line skirt.Trinny and Suze were styling women in an era where the idea was to look as thin as possible at all times, without much consideration to anything else. I spent much of my teenage years wearing a wrap dress with heels, despite the fact it made me look ten years older than I was, because it wasn't about style, it was about 'disguising my flaws'.A polo neck is not going to 'disguise' your boobs. If you want to slimline your appearance, a deep v-neck with long sleeves, made of a thick and supportive fabric, is the 'best' thing to wear. But for lots of us, the desire to wear a polo neck isn't about looking slender or appealing to the opposite sex, it's about enjoying an aesthetic.Just because I've got massive tits doesn't mean that I resist the lure of dressing like the sexually aggressive PA from Love Actually.I wear a polo neck on the reg, partially because I think it looks great tucked into a high waisted skirt with tights and ankle boots and that's the level of effort I'm willing to put into looking smart on a weekday.Wearing a polo neck makes me feel sleek and put together, and yes, it does my make very big boobs look a bit bigger than they actually are. There's no way of wearing a wall of fabric over your entire torso up to your neck which will avoid that. But it's also not a reason to stop doing it. Your boobs aren't a secret you need to cover up.The key to wearing a polo neck is either to deliberately add bulk by going for a really chunky knit, and enjoy the fact that it's oversized, or to pick a sturdy but thin fabric.For the latter I favour a skinny knit or ribbed polo, so that the fabric texture disguises any bra lines. I like fabric with as little bulk as possible so they're easy to tuck into a skirt or wear under a dress.As with most shopping, it's worth trying to buy natural fabrics, washing them carefully and shopping around for the perfect shape and investing. That said, one of the best polo necks I've ever bought is the New Look Organic Yarn roll neck which is just £8.99, one of the few items I've re-bought year on year. It's true to size, so I have a size 14 for a tight fit (I'm a 36FF cup) and a 16 for a more relaxed fit.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...M&S know what a woman wants for Christmas - that's why they've launched a new advent calendar filled entirely with jewellery.The festive calendar is only £19.50, meaning there's no guilt involved in treating yourself in the 12 days of Christmas.Inside you'll get two necklaces with star pendants in both silver and gold, as well as 10 pairs of earrings. The designs include mini lightning bolts, starred hoops and moon charms, and are all simple and chic.Each piece of jewellery in the calendar has been made from M&S’s patented Skin Kind metal, which has been endorsed by the British Skin Foundation, meaning it won't irritate your skin.The calendar is on sale now - but move quickly, as we predict a sell out.Credit: M&SM&S Jewellery Advent Calendar1of1READ MORE: What Are The Best Beauty Advent Calendars for 2019? We've Found Them AllREAD MORE: 18 Of The Best Makeup Subscription Boxes To Fuel Your Beauty Obsession© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It seems like only yesterday when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were embarking on their royal tour of Africa. During that time, Meghan Markle wore a series of mostly sustainable dresses, most of which sold out as quickly as you might expect. Now, it's the turn of Kate and William, Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, to undertake their own royal tour of Pakistan. It marks the first royal visit to the Islamic country in 13 years and Kensington Palace referred to it as 'the most complex tour undertaken by the couple to date, given the logistical and security considerations.'While on tour, Kate Middleton has displayed a very diplomatic wardrobe, which includes a series of beautiful designs that are all a variation of traditional Pakistani styles.For her arrival in Pakistan, for example, Kate wore her take on the shalwar kameez – a traditional dress and trousers combination. Designed by Catherine Walker, the beautiful aqua creation was paired with nude court shoes and a clutch by Zeen.Kate – and her stylist – have also turned to Pakistani's leading fashion designer, Maheen Khan. During a visit to the Islamabad Model College in Pakistan, for example, Kate wore a traditional blue kurta and asymmetric dupatta, both created by Khan. Perhaps surprisingly, Kate wore the outfit with nude shoes from none other than New Look. They are, of course, sold out, but can still be bought in black here.For her first evening engagement, Kate turned once more to Jenny Packham, wearing an emerald green gown as she and William arrived at Pakistan's National Monument in a Tuk Tuk. William wore a traditional Sherwani – a traditional, long coat worn for formal occasions.On day three, Kate and William arrived in the Chitral district in Pakistan, near the Afghan border. On arrival, the pair were given gifts – William an embroidered coat, while Kate received a shawl and a traditional Chitrali hat. Princess Diana also wore the hat when she visited the region in 1991, a trip which was recorded in a book presented to William and Kate.Kate went for a practical outfit for the trip – she was wearing a suede waistcoat and brown boots, both from Really Wild, both of which she has worn before. The good news – for all K-Mid superfans – is that both items are still available to buy. The pair then headed into a village in a valley in Chitral, where Kate showed was wearing gold Missoma earrings - which you can still buy now for £115.On Thursday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived at Lahore Airport to meet the city's governor, as they made their way to visit a cancer hospital (which was visited by Diana in the year before her death). For the visit, Kate wore an all-white outfit, wearing a shalwar kameez by Gul Ahmed and a shawl by Maheem Khan. She accessorised with Asprey London earrings, a blush coloured clutch by Mulberry – and suede heels by Gianvito Rossi, which you can get for £433 here.For her fourth engagement of the fourth day, Kate looked sensational in a turquoise shalwar kameez by Maheen Khan. Like the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall in 2006, the Duke and Duchess met faith leaders at Badshahi Mosque and heard how they are promoting interfaith harmony between communities.On the last day of the tour, the Duke and Duchess will visit the Army Canine Centre before their departure back to London. For the trip back to Islamabad (after their plane was caught in an electrical storm last night), Kate wore a black and white embroidered kurta by Pakistani brand Elan with white trousers.On her arrival in Pakistan, Kate Middleton wore her own take on the traditional shalwar kameez – her trousers are known as shalwar, while kameez refers to a long shirt or tunic worn over the top – designed by Catherine Walker. She teamed it with nude court shoes and a clutch from Zeen, a Pakistani label. Kate Middleton visited the Islamabad Model College in Pakistan with her husband, the Duke of Cambridge. For the event, she wore a traditional blue kurta and asymmetric dupatta – her shawl-like scarf – created by Maheen Khan, Pakistan's leading fashion designer. She accessorised with a pair of nude shoes from New Look, which are still available in black here. To visit Imran Khan, Pakistan's Prime Minister, the Duchess of Cambridge wore a Catherine Walker tunic in green, Pakistan's national colour. Her white trousers were designed by Maheen Khan and she accessorised with a scarf by Satrangi and earrings by Zeen. Arriving at Pakistan's National Monument in a Tuk Tuk, Kate wore an emerald green Jenny Packham gown, custom-made for her. There is, however, an existing Jenny Packham design that's very similar, available here. Credit: GettyArriving by helicopter in Chitral, Kate was given an embroidered shawl to wear, as well as a traditional Chitrali hat, also worn by Princess Diana when she visited the region in 1991. Kate was wearing two pieces from Really Wild – a suede waistcoat  and brown boots, both of which are still available to buy.Credit: GettyThe pair then headed into a village in a valley in Chitral, where Kate wore a gorgeous headdress, while showing off her gorgeous gold Missoma earrings - which you can still buy now for £115. Credit: GettyOn Thursday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived at Lahore Airport to meet the city's governor, as they made their way to visit a cancer hospital (which was visited by Diana in the year before her death). For the visit, Kate wore an all-white outfit, wearing a shalwar kameez (a traditional outfit featuring a long tunic and trousers) by Gul Ahmed and a shawl by Maheem Khan. She finished the outfit with Asprey London earrings, a blush coloured clutch by Mulberry, and chic suede heels by Gianvito Rossi, which you can get for £433 here.Credit: GettyFor her fourth engagement of the fourth day, Kate looked sensational in a turquoise shalwar kameez by Maheen Khan. Like the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall in 2006, the Duke and Duchess met faith leaders at Badshahi Mosque and heard how they are promoting interfaith harmony between communities. Credit: GettyFor the trip back to Islamabad (after their plane was caught in an electrical storm last night), Kate stunned in a black and white embroidered kurta by Pakistani brand Elan with white trousers.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ah, fashion month — something us normal people can only dream of attending because, odds are, you don't have the funds or the extra holiday time to travel to New York, London, Milan and Paris all within one month.Fortunately, some people (read: supermodels) are able to travel to all four cities and see all the best shows. And if you've ever wanted to see what it's like to be a model backstage at the most glamorous FW shows or the craziest after-parties, then you're in luck. Gigi Hadid's other Instagram account, @gisposable, where the star posts her personal disposable film pictures, has just been flooded with behind-the-scenes looks into fashion month. Time to live vicariously through Gigi, Bella, Kaia and more...Credit: Instagram/gisposableGigi Fashion Week2of29READ MORE: Watch Gigi Hadid Escort A YouTuber From The Chanel Stage Like A ProREAD MORE: The Ex-Boyfriend Birthday Text Trap: Bella Hadid Is The Latest Victim Of ‘HBD, Thinking Of U x’READ MORE: Bella! Kendall! Gigi! The Supermodels Assembled For The Burberry Show In London© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It can be difficult to marry some of Disney's most famous films with a modern sensibility. We are, after all, living in a post-#MeToo world – one which seems at odds with some of the ideas played out in the older Disney films. This may be why, then, that the company has started to reinvent the narratives of well-known stories. Stories like Sleeping Beauty, which in 2014 was reimagined as Maleficent, exploring the story of the antagonist and drawing much more three-dimensional female characters. Tomorrow, the sequel – Maleficent: Mistress of Evil – is released and to accompany it, there's a brand new fashion collection, too.Olivia von Halle – the woman responsible for some of the world's most beautiful pyjamas, including a robe seen in Killing Eve on Villanelle that promptly sold out – has designed a 15-piece collection in collaboration with Disney. The capsule range is inspired by the characters of Maleficent, who is played by Angelina Jolie, and Aurora, who is played by Elle Fanning – and incorporates everything from long gowns to new twists on the signature OvH pyjamas.'We’d been talking to Disney about working together for a while and when they mentioned that the sequel to Maleficent was coming out we jumped at the opportunity to be involved,' says von Halle. 'I’ve always loved Disney’s villains, especially the women, and I absolutely adored Angelina’s character in the first Maleficent movie. The strength and complexity of her character really inspired me and made for the perfect starting point for a capsule collection.'In order to create the collection, von Halle went to the set of the film to meet with Jolie and discuss the nuances of her character. 'I spent some time with Angelina... and saw the costumes which are absolutely exquisite; so beautifully made and with a level of detail that is quite staggering. We had a lovely talk about the complexities of Maleficent and Aurora's characters which was truly inspiring. I wanted to make the clothes that these characters would wear if they were women in 2019, so we picked elements from each character and put my own spin on them to build the collection. We used silk organza, metallic yarns, real pearl buttons and embroidered floral motifs to channel the ethereal nature of Aurora, while weightier fabrics such as silk velvet, textured silk devoré and statement feathers play on Maleficent’s old school glamour, with a modern fierceness.'From the dramatic, feather-trimmed gown to the reversible silk-satin eye mask, each piece in the collection feels like something really special, that you'll end up keeping forever. For von Halle, the aforementioned feathers are her favourite, particularly as she wore the dress to the film's premiere in London. It's interesting that she has decided to create clothes based on heroines in the truest sense of the word; where once, the heroine of a Disney film was in fact just the main female character waiting to be rescued by a man, they're now portrayed as the agents of their own destiny in many ways.Von Halle agrees. 'To me, being a heroine today is about using your voice to stand up and shout for what you believe in. The world is changing so rapidly, and I am endlessly inspired by all the women and girls today who speak out and come together in solidarity to work towards a better future for us all.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The weather = grim, but there is a silver lining. You can finally crack out your winter boots. There's just one problem. Regardless of how much mainstream consumer brands like to persuade us, calves are just like any other body part. Meaning, they don’t actually all come in the same size. This can make boot shopping a nightmare for, well, basically everyone. Luckily, you never have to experience the squeeze again. Duo Boots' website, for example, allows you to search by calf circumference, ranging from 30cm to 50cm, and has the kind of classic block-heeled knee-high that won't date by next winter. Simply Be's 'Curvy Calf' range, meanwhile, does exactly what it says on the tin, while ASOS's over-the-knees have both a wider boot and wider calf fit. Here they are – and more. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Trends can be divided into two camps. On the one hand you have the obvious, unmissable, unavoidable.Two summers ago, one of these stealth trends crept up on us, when we were suddenly all compelled to start wearing multiple strands of necklaces, specifically delicate gold necklaces with bohemian charms and pendants. They had an air of ‘oh this? I picked it up on a Greek island/Moroccan souk/a Goan beach’ but more likely, they were snagged from Missoma, the west London based jewellery brand that’s made a name with its gold vermeil pieces. la dolce, dolce vita ✨A post shared by  ☼ Danielle Copperman ☾ (@dcopperman) on Jun 3, 2019 at 12:14am PDTMissoma’s success has been a similar slow burn. Founded by Marisa Hordern in 2008, Missoma is a seemingly overnight success that actually took over a decade to build. ‘People think that these things happen overnight, but it takes years. And years. And years,’ laughs Hordern. ‘You struggle and there were times when I thought 'What am I doing? Where is this going?' You doubt yourself. But you have to keep going. I think it’s all about perseverance’.Just five years ago Hordern, who left her job at Richemont to pursue her ‘side project’, was still counting on pulling in favours to help make the jewellery from her kitchen table. ‘I had to get my friends in, my sister, my mum, my friend’s daughter, my cleaner, everyone to help us,’ she says. ‘It really was a family affair’. (Missoma, by the way, is a combination of her name, her mother’s and her sister’s). G L O W ✨ #melaninglow #melaninpoppinA post shared by  Nadia Araujo (@nadia.araujo) on May 11, 2019 at 9:50am PDTToday, things look a little different. With a staff of 55, Missoma has just taken on a new 6000 square foot warehouse (in other words, space for a lot of necklaces, bracelets and earrings). According to The Sunday Times Fast Track 100 list, between 2017-2018 it was the fourth fastest growing company in the UK, and the fastest female-led one. There’s been a 148.26% sales rise over the past few years. ‘A lot of big changes,’ says Hordern. ‘We’ve been busy’.So, what does Hordern put that success down to? ‘It really found its groove when the brand found its sweet spot. That’s when you’ve got the right design, quality, price point, you know who your target audience is, how to speak to them, what they need,’ she says. ‘It takes a while for all them to all click into place’. By moving away from wholesale in 2014, strengthening the online business, and introducing more everyday pieces, Missoma quietly shifted gear to the next level. Edible flowers for breakfast in Ibiza 🌼 @missomalondon #LucyWilliamsXMissomaA post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Jun 24, 2019 at 12:48am PDTThe influencer effect has also helped propel Missoma’s success. A collaboration with Lucy Williams has been a sell-out success, and this summer you’ll probably see the Hex huggies, Molten hairclips, Gold Leaf anklets and probably everything from the Colombian-inspired Momposina collection all over your feed.Celebrities also love it; Gigi Hadid has been spotted wearing the Axiom chain recently, Margot Robbie has worn the Mini Beaded Chain necklace, both Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber are fans. ‘I love seeing mothers and daughters wearing it, because I started it around my kitchen table with my mum, and I love the way it carries across generations.'She adds: ‘The influencers who do wear it, same with any celebrities or even friends, it is because they choose to wear it,’ she says. ‘It’s always wonderful see anyone who has worn it wear it regularly’.One of those isMeghan Markle, arguably arguably the biggest influencer in the world. A long-term Missoma devotee, she’s been seen in the Interstellar Ring and wrists full of the bracelets – but is a fan from back in her Suits days.Meghan's sister-in-law Kate Middleton is also a big fan, wearing the brand's Gold Zenyu Chandelier Hoops on the recent royal tour to Pakistan.A true homegrown success story, what does British fashion mean to Marisa? ‘For me it’s eclectic. Very individual and unique. It always surprises and that’s what I love. There are no rules’. There is a giveaway, however: she’s probably wearing Missoma.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The timing could not be better. If there's been one thing missing from the fashion landscape recently, it's surely Laura Ashley. In a world of prairie dresses, chintzy florals, ruffles, prim collars and longer hemlines – all of which have been dominating trends for the past few seasons – one couldn't not think of Laura Ashley, the OG of such designs.Laura Ashley fell off fashion's radar slightly after its booming success of the 1980s, and its homewares usurped the clothes as the cornerstone of the business. Now, brands like Batsheva, The Vampire's Wife and Brock Collection are building their own, enormously successful companies based on the aesthetic that Laura Ashley popularised.In fact, the rise of those small labels meant that more people began searching for the original Laura Ashley designs, now categorised as vintage. Some of them are currently being sold on eBay for hundreds of pounds, while many vintage sellers have also started to specifically look for the Laura Ashley label, knowing how well they're selling at the moment. But the brand didn't disappear completely – earlier this year, Urban Outfitters collaborated with it on a capsule collection of pieces that sold out in record timing.It seems like an obvious move to launch an in-house capsule collection, then, which is exactly what Laura Ashley has done. Available from today, there are dresses, blouses, skirts and trousers that are all inspired by prints from the archive and vintage silhouettes. Vanessa Page, the brand's Head of Fashion, said: 'This collection encapsulates the romantic heritage of the brand, with beautiful archival prints reworked in modern shapes for a fresh take on this enduring trend.'Entitled the Pimlico Collection – named after the area in London where Laura Ashley lived and worked – these pieces are designed to be timeless, with a nod to the heritage of the brand while remaining contemporary.And who knows? Perhaps, in 30 years, you'll end up earning a small fortune on eBay...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Meghan Markle aka The Duchess of Sussex has arrived at the Well Child Awards wearing the dark green dress that she previously wore during the photo call to announce her engagement to Prince Harry. She also wore it during the interview at Frogmore Cottage where she detailed the proposal (over a roast chicken).The dress, which presumably holds happy memories for her, is dark green, sleeveless and made by P.A.R.O.S.H which sold for £489 but is (unsurprisingly given that it's over two year old) now sold out.The dress is described by the brand as such: 'Green wool fitted bow detail dress from P.A.R.O.S.H. featuring a round neck, a sleeveless design, a fitted silhouette, a bow detail and a straight hem.'Her Sentaler coat is also a rewear, as are the Manolo Blanik heels she has on, the scarf design bag is a new buy from Montunas that we haven't seen before, and is still available to buy online (if you're quick!)  While it seems a bit silly to praise a woman for wearing an item of clothing more than once, it tends to be big news when either Meghan or Kate rewear a garment, presumably because they could easily get rid of anything they've worn after a single use. But, as we're all trying to be more sustainable which means wearing our clothes more, Meghan is setting a great example. Plus she looks just as amazing in it today as she did at her engagement photocall.READ MORE: Meghan Markle And Prince Harry's Engagement Photos Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: Getty© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's that time of year again. You've shoved all your sandals, slides and flip-flops under the bed and now we are all bracing ourselves for winter. In the past week, Google reported a 15% increase in searches for 'best boots', proving that a lot of us are starting to feel the chill. Proper boot weather is upon us and, to help,  we’ve found the four slickest styles of the season. Be inspired by the influencers and editors currently flitting from city to city for fashion month and scroll down to shop our edit of chunky flats, knee-highs, cowboy boots and everyday ankle grazers. As temperatures plummet it's time to slip your feet into something more sturdy. Enter the black chunky flat. They go with everything from jeans to dresses and are sure to keep your feet toasty even in the iciest of climes.The western trend isn't going anywhere. Simply swap the mini dresses you've been wearing your cowboy boots with all summer for a pair of trousers like influencer Doina Ciobanu, or invest in some statement tights. If you haven't already yet got your hands on a pair, shop our edit below.Knee-high boots are a great addition to any winter wardrobe. We'll be wearing them with knitted midi dresses for full coverage, to keep out the chill. Opt for a heeled version so you can take them easily from day to night.You know the sort. The ones you wear to work, to dinner, dates, Sunday brunch and beyond. Timeless, effortless and they only improve with age.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First we obsessed over her hair, then her Nineties-tastic wardrobe of combat trousers, slip dresses, straight-leg jeans and leather coats. Now, Jennifer Aniston has done the impossible. She’s got us googling ‘power dresses’. The actor appeared at Variety’s Power of Women lunch in LA on Friday to be honoured for her work with St Jude Children’s Research Hospital – and looked smart in a pin-striped Alexander McQueen power dress.You’ve probably buried your boss lady work dresses and sharp-shouldered blazers at the back of your wardrobe since casual Fridays spread to Monday-Thursday. However, now’s the time to dig them out because, Jen aside, the autumn catwalks were full of looks that said smarty pants. Sportmax showed a sleeveless navy dress with white top-stitching, while Tibi's trouser suits came with split-hems and pin-stripes. We’re also about to see a lot more ‘power dressing’ in action, with The Morning Show, starring Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon, dropping on 1 November, and Bombshell, with its stellar line-up of Nicole Kidman, Charlize Theron and Margot Robbie, out on 24 January 2020.If you’re looking to invest in something suitably sharp to get you in the mood, might we suggest Joseph’s chocolate-brown dress in wool or Arket’s sleeveless crepe twill dress in navy? Both are sleeveless and fitted in all the right places, like Jen’s, and you can slip a polo neck underneath when the temperature drops.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After years of campaigns by animal-rights groups, it seems fur is finally out of fashion. Brands such as Michael Kors, Gucci, Prada and Burberry have all pledged to avoid it completely, while London Fashion Week also went fur-free in September 2018. Now, the entire state of California has banned it completely, thanks to new legislation that will come into effect in 2023.Governor Gavin Newsom signed the bill, which applies to handbags, clothing and shoes. Those who do not comply could face fines of up to $1,000. The ban does not include taxidermy or any religious items used by Native American tribes. At the same time, Newsom signed a bill outlawing the use of animals in circus performances.In a statement, Newsom said: 'California is a leader when it comes to animal welfare, and today that leadership includes banning the sale of fur. But we are doing more than that. We are making a statement to the world that beautiful wild animals like bears and tigers have no place on trapeze wires or jumping through flames.'Major retailers have also banned all fur products, including Selfridges and the Yoox Net-a-Porter group. So, does this really mark the end for fur? It will be interesting to see if any other American states, or indeed any other countries, follow California's lead.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Maybe you're a devoted Kitri fan. Perhaps you once saw your friend wearing a great dress and, upon inquiring where, exactly, she bought it, thus made a mental note to look up Kitri when you got home. Could it be you've never heard of it? Well, surely not – this is the brand, after all, responsible for sell-out dresses and pieces that are so successful time and again, the brand regularly restocks specific styles and prints each season. Rejoice, then, for Kitri has just launched its very first collection of coats.For all those playing fast and loose with a coat in this current weather (sorry, Mum), I'm sorry to say such behaviour has a shelf life. It's only getting colder, friends, and as Kitri itself said: 'Let's face it, when we spend the majority of autumn/winter in a coat, it's important we make it a good one.'To ensure we're all living in good ones, Kitri's new collection consists of leopard print puffer jackets, printed faux fur and cosy, faux fur-trimmed coats.Best of all is perhaps that Kitri's coats are all a statement in themselves, so you can afford to spend less time worrying about pulling together insightful combinations of clothes. Throw on your jeans, pull on your comfiest midi dress and luxuriate in the fact that your coat is doing all the work for you. It feels like Christmas.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Think 'Scandi' and likely what comes to mind is sophisticated grey tailoring, nail-biting crime dramas and self-assembly furniture. But, there is much, much more to this peninsular than Acne and Ikea.With a calendar dominated by winter, Sweden, Denmark and Norway’s top designers have taken to embracing their natural climate by fashioning wardrobes in mood-lifting colours and tactile textiles. They've cracked a way to make being toasty not come at the sacrifice of feeling chic.Though the neighbours have morphed for many into fashioning ubiquitous, yet homogenous ‘Scandi style’, each country actually has its own distinct aesthetic. Stockholm’s style has made an indelible mark with its proud history of accessible fashion. After all, it introduced the world to the H&M family of Monki, & Other Stories, Weekday and Cos. Copenhagen has the pulse of the Avante-Garde with designers like Cecilie Bahsen (who, since launching in 2015 is a contender for Copenhagen's most recognized designer) and, of course, Ganni (their Soho store opening in August this year caused a fashion set frenzy) trailblazing both here and across the pond. While Oslo – typically the shiest and most overlooked of the three – has been making waves in streetwear.And why do we love their style so much? Synonymous with chic separates and classic minimalism with elevated twists, yet the new wave of brands are doing so much more than that. Labels like influencer-owned Birger Christensen and Stine Goya are making a case for bold prints and exaggerated shapes.From minimal tailoring to frothy dresses, Scandinavian fashion is eclectic and eccentric. Here are the brands you’re going to want to name-drop and wear immediately. @blancamiro in our floral mesh dress #GANNIFW19 #GANNI #GANNIGirlsA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Aug 26, 2019 at 1:27am PDTWe all want to be a #GanniGirl. Easy to wear and effortless, Ganni's pieces are the perfect addition to our winter wardrobes, plus there is no one designer behind the brand's concept which means you can find items that really bring out your individual style. The buzz around Ganni led to an influx of mid-market brands following suit and paving the way for affordable luxury. Loved by influencers and the fashion industry alike, we vote Danni as the ultimate Scandi brand. 💘 GANNI DOUBLE LOVE #SS20 #CPHFW #GANNIDOUBLELOVE 📸: @jakoblandA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Aug 10, 2019 at 12:54am PDT 🔅@monikh in our floral print silk linen dress #gannigirls #ganniA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Jul 16, 2019 at 11:23pm PDT Backstage with our #MidCenturyModern muses before the S/S 2020 show captured by @andreea_bogdan.  Models: @kirstinliljegren @mathilde_henning @rebekkame Styling @stuartvwilliamson @joeltraptow  Hair: @mariannejensenhair @love_kevin_murphy  Key makeup artist: @rikkedengsoe  Makeup @maccosmeticsnordics @maccosmetics  #samsøesamsøe #samsoesamsoe #midcenturymodern##A post shared by  Samsøe Samsøe Official (@samsoesamsoe) on Aug 9, 2019 at 10:22am PDTSo nice they named it twice! Samsoe+Samsoe are the epitome of refined design: minimal tones, tick, wool coats, tick and tailoring, tick. Despite their unpronounceable name, we think their pieces are the dream. Samsøe Stories x Kansas x @jaimetoutcheztoi.  Alice, what would you be doing if you had not pursued a career as a content creator or influencer? ''I graduated in Fashion and Luxury Marketing with the aim of working as a digital PR or Social Media Strategist for a luxury French fashion house. But now I work for my own company''. #samsøesamsøe #samsoesamsoe #samsoedarlings #samsøesamsøexkansas #samsoestoriesA post shared by  Samsøe Samsøe Official (@samsoesamsoe) on Oct 5, 2019 at 4:30am PDT Boot season is finally here.A post shared by  Filippa K (@filippa_k) on Sep 18, 2019 at 12:01am PDTThe 3 S’s: Simple, Swedish, Stylish. From leather wrap skirts to faux fur jackets and a new collection with ‘70s influences at its core, we can't shop fast enough. Definitely, one to impress your friends with when you'll be asked the inevitable 'where did you get that from?' when wearing any one of Filippa K's pieces. @ellenclaesson and Celia.A post shared by  Filippa K (@filippa_k) on Sep 6, 2019 at 1:56am PDT #makeitrotate @_jeanettemadsen_ wearing Number 1 - turquoise, exclusively available on @netaporter and @thora_valdimars wearing Number 24 - Metallic PurpleA post shared by  ROTATE Birger Christensen (@rotatebirgerchristensen) on Oct 9, 2019 at 10:25am PDTYou've likely seen their pink jacquard, puff-sleeved mini dresses all over your insta-feed. ROTATE, brought to you by danish influencers Thora Valdimars and Jeanette Friis Madsen in collaboration with the Copenhagen-based concept store Birger Christensen, is quite possibly the coolest 80s inspired brand, period. #makeitrotate @thetripletsss wearing 3 x Number 31 - tap to shop the looks!A post shared by  ROTATE Birger Christensen (@rotatebirgerchristensen) on Oct 2, 2019 at 1:29pm PDT @babba in our Aretha dress and Jodi top #BaumFamily . #BaumundPferdgarten #CPHFWA post shared by  Baum und Pferdgarten (@baumundpferdgarten) on Sep 12, 2019 at 12:01am PDTWith a name we need a language tutor to pronounce, Baum und Pferdgarten is a Danish brand who are not afraid to clash patterns, mix textures and colours. As they ship to the UK and have an edit on our fave shopping destination Zalando, we can't get enough of their latest collection. Hanging out with our #BaumFamily in New York 💛 @lovefola @lacalurivero @oursecondskin . Discover exclusive #BaumxSaks styles in store and online at @saks, online at baumundpferdgarten.com, and in our Copenhagen flagship store . #BaumundPferdgartenA post shared by  Baum und Pferdgarten (@baumundpferdgarten) on Oct 8, 2019 at 9:00am PDT Name a more colorful trio 💘 Shop all looks via link in bio #stinegoya #goyapeople #goyamelody 📸@irishummA post shared by  STINE GOYA (@stinegoyastudio) on Sep 4, 2019 at 1:56am PDTStine Goya, launched in 2006, has made a name for itself with a mix of dreamy prints and feminine sihouettes. Michelle Obama's a fan, and so is our fashion desk. #GOYAPEOPLE AT #CPHFW @annasarlvit & @ellakarberg twinning in the Rhode dress Shop via link in bio #stinegoya #goyamelody 📸@thelocalsA post shared by  STINE GOYA (@stinegoyastudio) on Aug 15, 2019 at 11:56pm PDT SS20 Show Thanks to the entire team Creative Direction: @moon_intl Styling: @emelierjohansson Hair:  @cimmahony, @studiocimmahony, @barnholdts, @dysonhair Make-up: @rikkedengsoe, @maccosmeticsnordics Music: @augustrosenbaum_ Choreography: @mariannehaugli Casting director: @meganmccluskiecasting Production: @thelabcph Thanks to: @karlaotto, @suicoke_official, @artekglobal, @noise_pr @statenskunstfond  Image: @nordgrenmathiasA post shared by  ceciliebahnsen (@ceciliebahnsen) on Aug 17, 2019 at 11:50pm PDTCecile Bahnsen’s designs nail romantic, wearable and boundary-pushing in the way our home-grown talent Simone Rocha and Molly Goddard has. Lace-adorned white shirt dresses and rugged hiking boots sum up this label’s modern interpretation of femininity. “TOKYO TRANCE” - A PHOTO BOOK BY JOSEFINE SEIFERT Exclusively available at Dover Street Market Creative direction: @moon_intl  Styling: @emelierjohansson  Image: @josefineseifert Talent: @_n_a_t_s_u_m_i_  @mac0tter  @megumu_offi  Casting:  @nao_nowA post shared by  ceciliebahnsen (@ceciliebahnsen) on Sep 29, 2019 at 11:10pm PDT COLLECTION 10 - ONLINE AND IN STORES - SEE ALL RETAILERS IN BIOA post shared by  Saks Potts (@sakspotts) on Apr 30, 2019 at 1:54pm PDTConsider Saks Potts the Shrimps of Scandinavia. Their highly-photogenic fluffy coats have become mainstays with the street style set, but it’s their separates that are worth keeping an eye on. We look forward to seeing more of their slogan tops and track pants in the coming seasons. COLLECTION 11 - PARIS PRESENTATIONA post shared by  Saks Potts (@sakspotts) on Mar 5, 2019 at 2:30pm PST The coolest girls in #cphfw? Definitely.⁠⠀ Shot by @thelocals⁠⠀ ⁠⠀ #wildisthewind #mymaleneA post shared by  By Malene Birger (@bymalenebirger) on Aug 10, 2019 at 9:51am PDTOne of the first Danish brands to capture the attention of the global market, By Malene Birger has been dressing stylish, discerning women since 2003. Known for its dawn-to-dusk dresses, plus chic separates you can wear in the office or at the bar, if you've noticed a well-dressed colleague who always looks both on-trend and smart, her wardrobe is probably full of this brand. Backstage memories from our autumn-winter 2019 show. Collection online and in stores now. 📸 by @juliebjarnhoffA post shared by  By Malene Birger (@bymalenebirger) on Jul 25, 2019 at 2:45am PDT @jen_wonders wearing the Duffel 🌻A post shared by  Aesther Ekme (@aestherekme) on Mar 15, 2019 at 12:00am PDTIf there's only one new Scandi brand to put on your radar, it's accessories brand Aesther Ekme. Currently stocked at Selfridges and Browns, we're all over their clean and minimal aesthetic. The New Shoulder Bag 📸 by @d.avitA post shared by  Aesther Ekme (@aestherekme) on Feb 24, 2019 at 1:57am PST DARLINGS 🖤🖤🖤 SS20  Thank you to the best team . . . . . Styling: Anders Sølvsten Thomsen @anders44 Concept/production: Femmes Regionales @femmesregionales Music: Fiona Jane @fionajane Hair: Marianne Jensen / Kevin Murphy @mariannejensenhair Make-up: Claudia Prins / Zenz @prins_cp Choreography: Ronni Morgenstjerne @ronnimorgenstjerne Shoes: Vestaire Collective, vintage sneakers @vestaireco Models: Scoop Models @scoopmodels PR: @inaddition_  @noise_pr  @agencyvberlin Backstage photographer: @oliviarohdeA post shared by  Brøgger (@brogger) on Sep 24, 2019 at 10:43pm PDTBrogger is new on the scene, and is actually a London-based brand but ran by two Scandinavian friends. The fashion set fell head-over-heels for the colour block suits last season, and we're putting our money on these puff-sleeved short suits to sell out for SS20. We are beyond excited to announce that we will be showing SS20 @cphfw in August!A post shared by  Brøgger (@brogger) on Jun 18, 2019 at 7:28am PDT© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Just in time for A/W19, Weekend Max Mara has released a capsule collection comprising of enviable casual-chic outerwear. Dubbed ‘Garment Etymology’, this collection is here to protect you against the cold British weather.Weekend Max Mara is known for timeless and elegant designs, and its latest collection reinvents key iconic wardrobe staples in a new and contemporary style. Focusing on the evolution of clothing, this collection analyses outerwear origins.Iconic staples, refined patterns and premium materials are the key elements of this new capsule collection, inspired by the '70s verve of Luis Buñuel’s surrealist movies.From the Prince of Wales trench to the check duffle coat, from the woollen over coat with sheepskin details to the iconic parka, the new collection ‘Garment Etymology’ boasts elegant and effortless outerwear pieces that suit every occasion. For details on the latest coat trends for AW/19, plus inspiration on how to wear them, have a read below.News just in: the cape is back. This one features a double-layer wool blend fabric with a quirky shirt collar and sheepskin patch pockets finished.What's better than a double woollen elegant long parka? A double woollen elegant long parka with a hood. You heard it here first.Every fashionista needs an oversized cloak in her Autumn/Winter wardrobe - and we're crushing on this one from the Weekend Max Mara Garment Etymology capsule collection.Add some pattern into your outerwear wardrobe with this cosy duffle coat. We'll take two.We've fallen head over heels for this oversized sheepskin and wool cloth coat from Weekend Max Mara. Elbow patches and pockets make this the dream outerwear piece for AW19.Say hello to our favourite new wool coat. This single-breasted midi trench encompasses a shirt collar and large welt pockets on the sides. We love.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I know what you're thinking: why are there never any galleries dedicated to men's red carpet fashion? In truth, it's because suits are boring and really have nothing on a sweeping Valentino gown. Keira Knightley is many things – an actor, an Oscar nominee, a mother, to name but three – but she also happens to be a really, really good wearer of clothes on the red carpet. And sometimes, it's just nice to look at great pictures of brilliant dresses. Brexit, who?No, a woman should not be reduced to what she looks like. But she should also be celebrated for having excellent style. And so, here we are. Doing just that. Please join us. Credit: Getty10 October 19, Official SecretsKeira Knightley Style Evolution2of5110 October 19, Official Secrets3 May 19, Chanel Cruise3 March 19, The Aftermath 1 November 18, The Nutcracker 15 October 18, Elle Women in Hollywood3 December 17, London Evening Standard TheatreMay 2016October 20156 September 16, Chanel27 May 15, Oscars27 May 15, Oscars21 February 15, ChanelFebruary 2015201525 January 15, SAG Awards15 January 15 Critic's choiceJanuary 20157 December 14 BIFA14 November 14 HFA8 October 14, The Imitation Game5 March 14, Chanel20 January 14 Jack RyanDecember 2013November 20124 September 12 Anna Karenina October 20112 September 2011 Venice FF10 September 08, Vanity Fair The Duchess10 February 2008The Orange February 2008Atonement December 2007Atonement UK September 2007Atonement Venice August 2007Pirates of the Caribbean July 2006Pirates of the Caribbean June 2006Oscars March 2006Golden Globes January 2006Pride and Prejudice October 2005Domino October 2005Pride and Prejudice September 2005Pride and Prejudice September 2005The Jacket Feb 2005Feb 2005The Jacket premiere 23 January 058th Annual Hollywood FF 18 October 04King Arthur 15 July 04King Arthur 28 June 04Love Actually 16 November 03Pirates of the Caribbean 14 July 03Pirates of the Caribbean 28 June 03Bend it Like Beckham premiere 11 April 02READ MORE: In Praise Of Keira Knightley's Excellent Maternity StyleREAD MORE: The Dreamiest Dresses From Paris Couture Week**__READ MORE: Keira Knightley Just Landed A Major Disney Role © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you can believe it or not, October is fully upon us and that can only mean one thing: Halloween is quickly approaching and it's officially time to start planning your costume. Don't take the easy route and be a sexy cat again this year — try one of these 2019-inspired costumes instead. You know you've always wanted to channel your inner Lizzo...Credit: Getty, Instagram/coleen_rooneyIt may not seem very 2019 to dress as a member of the WAGS, but have you seen the news lately? All of our Footballers' Wives dream have come true with the publication of an exposé from Coleen Rooney calling out Rebekah Vardy for selling her private stories to the press. Juicy. 2019 Halloween Costumes2of39It may not seem very 2019 to dress as a member of the WAGS, but have you seen the news lately? All of our Footballers' Wives dream have come true with the publication of an exposé from Coleen Rooney calling out Rebekah Vardy for selling her private stories to the press. Juicy. Shiv has quickly become our TV style icon. Roll neck: mandatory, champagne glass: optional. We all want to be Astrid IRL, so at least we can pretend to be her for a night. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez – and the rest of the squad for that matter – has become a beacon of light in the dark, dim politics of 2019. Channel her power dressing with a monochrome trouser suit and bright red lipstick. Hot Priest was everyone's crush this year, so this get-up is sure to impress. We all love a good scammer story (Anna Sorokin, anyone?) and the crazy-but-true story of Caroline Calloway and her former-BFF Natalie Beach took the internet by storm this autumn. Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus took the world by storm this year with their collab 'Old Town Road.' We shouldn't love it, but it's just so catchy. Megan Rapinoe was the star of the Women's World Cup this summer and we've wanted her pastel pink hair ever since.Lizzo is the breakout star of 2019 and we would honestly feel honoured to dress up like her for even one night. No matter how you felt about the end of Game of Thrones, seeing Sansa on the throne in the North felt right.Once Upon a Time in Hollywood was one of the biggest films of 2019 – channel one of it's biggest stars this Halloween.We've been counting down the days until Little Woman hits cinemas since the trailer dropped. What better way to continue our excitement than dressing like the March sisters? (Which, TBH, we already have been…) READ MORE: Here Are 9 Of The Best Makeup Tutorials For Halloween This Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite the fact that it doesn't have an online store, Primark is still one of the high street's success stories. Of course, this is largely down to its affordable prices and strong presence on the high street, despite a turbulent time for many brands. It could also be down to its hugely successful collaborations, the latest of which is about to arrive in stores.This is the second collection that Stacey Solomon has fronted for the brand, having released the debut range last year. It sold out in record timing, partly down to the clothes of course, but also thanks to Stacey's infectious and warm personality.'I’m so overwhelmed and excited to have been asked to design another collection for Primark. I’m so thrilled that my last collection went down so well, and I can’t quite believe I’m doing it all again,' she said. 'I’ve loved Primark since I was a little girl, and I loved that I could afford the clothes but never compromised the quality. I love that there’s something for everyone and those are some of the big inspirations behind my newest collection. There are skirts you can wear with heels or trainers, baggy jumpers and statement tops. It’s all super comfy because I can only wear comfy these days. It is muted tones mixed with slogan tees, monochrome with a little bit of tartan sprinkled on top. I can’t wait to share it with you all.'The collection is full of plaid pieces, printed midi skirts and really lovely coats that truly look far more expensive than they are. Prices range from around £4-£35, too, making it one of the most affordable ways to stock up for the new season.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Halloween is right around the corner and if you've already started to panic about your costume, don't worry — we've got you. Coming up with an original costume year after year can feel daunting and there's only so many years in a row you can be a cat before it gets old.To solve the problem, we've looked to the women of our favourite TV shows and films. From J.Lo in her new film, Hustlers, to the ever-classic Elle Woods in Legally Blonde, here are some ideas to get you started...Hustlers, starring JLo, Cardi B, and Lizzo, amongst other stars, was one of our favourite films of 2019. Muster up all your inner confidence and strut out as Ramona this Halloween. Brie Larson was marvelous (pun intended) as Captain Marvel this year — now it's your turn.We thought we'd never love another Sabrina Spellman as much as we loved the OG Sabrina Spellman. Then Netflix dropped The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina... The best part is you probably already have the headband for this costume.Betty was who inspired us to work in magazines, so obviously we had to include her. Your chat-up line for the night has to be 'tell me about it, stud' or it doesn't count. We could only wish to exude as much confidence and power as Cookie. At least we can for one night. Credit: GettyCan you think of a better Halloween costume? As if!Channel your excitement for Birds of Prey into your Halloween costume. Counting down the days until Love Island returns? Us too. You might be a bit chilly, but a bikini and a fake tan is all you need to look like the perfect Love Island contestant for the night. Renata wore this outfit to show off her wealth and power; you could wear it to show off how much TV you watch. Carmen Elizabeth Juanita Echo Sky Bravo Cortez battled bad guys, kept her family secret and dealt with her annoying little brother all day. What more could you want?Emma Stone makes an amazing Cruella, will you?Yes her choices may have left a bitter taste in our mouth, but what better way to honour the Mother of Dragons than dress as her this Halloween?I want to be Astrid Sloan. You want to be Astrid Sloan. Let's all dress like her this year. Sandra Oh wow-ed in this strappy blue dress as Eve and we think you will, too. Choosing an amazing Halloween costume — what, like it's hard?Spotted: your Halloween costume for this year. XOXO.Feeling inspired by Judy? Channel her most famous character this Halloween. Eleven might be evil now, but this costume sure isn't. Rock amazing glittery makeup and you'll pass for any of the teens on Euphoria.A slip dress is all you need to pull this one off. If Ange can pull it off, you can, too. (Maybe.)Before all the drama with Liam/Kaitlynn/Cody, Miley hit our screens this year as fictional pop star Ashley O. Riverdale season 4 has just started, so the timing is perfect. £8.99Lane is so much cooler than Rory and dressing up as her would be so much more fun. Bonus points for butterfly clips. Start thinking now who can be your Hot Priest. You almost definitely already have half this costume in your closet. Yes to all female superheroes. This look is not complete with the braids; don't even try to go without them. Big hair! Neon! Spandex! What else do you need?A bit basic, but also a classic. Wakanda forever. Shoulder pads and crimpers are all you need to channel the original Mean Girls. Carrie's wardrobe was insane on a good day; her looks are perfect for fancy dress. Finished The Testaments in one sitting? This is the costume for you. Don't forget your RBF. That's all. Be the HBIC of your friend group this year.READ MORE: 11 Halloween Costumes That Will Only Make Sense in 2019READ MORE: Looking For Group Halloween Costumes? Here Are 12 Ideas To Help You Win Best DressedREAD MORE: Here's How To Be The Best-Dressed Couple for Halloween This Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Fashion designer, businessman and blogger, Henry Holland has had one hell of a career. With a journalism degree, editorial career and a popular fashion empire under his belt, Holland can certainly do it all. Last Friday at the House of Klarna event in Manchester, he opened up to Grazia's Digital Fashion and Beauty Editor, Hannah Banks-Walker about his inspirational career.'I grew up in Ramsbottom where a career in fashion was just not spoken about back then,' revealed Holland. 'I went to university to study journalism and write about whatever I want. And then I had this idea that I could eventually go and work in magazines and be a fashion journalist. I had drive and motivation to go out and get as much fashion experience as I could. I was assisting stylists, doing shoots, working for W Magazine in the UK and places like Drapers. I started working at Smash Hits, and when my boss left I became fashion editor at Smash Hits at 21 which was incredible and I had the most amazing time. I’d be on a shoot with Girls Aloud and the Sugababes. I had a column called Henry Trendy, it was just amazing.'But then I got a bit bored. I loved doing what I was doing but it was easy. So I started making T-shirts on the side from the fashion cupboard. I had no preconceived idea about what it was [that I was doing], I was literally just making four T-shirts for me and my friends to wear to a nightclub. I gave all the T-shirts to people that I knew and then Gareth Pugh [wore one] to his show. The next day I was back at work and I got a call on my mobile saying it’s "Sarah Mower from American Vogue, can I talk to you about your T-shirts?"'. Within six months they were in Barney’s NY, Joyce in Hong Kong, and Harvey Nichols all over the world,' Holland recalled.'These big moments were happening to me, like the first time I ever met Anna Wintour or the first time I went to Barney’s for an appointment and I pulled out my T-shirts one by one from a Tesco carrier bag. Looking back I'm like "are you stupid?", but actually I’m so glad I was so naive because that came across as authentic. I had complete imposter syndrome [at the beginning] but when I started House of Holland, the name helped because I instantly saw it as a brand. I never called myself a designer and would have real trouble using that word because I hadn’t trained to be a designer and didn’t consider myself to be one. I was always more of a guardian of a brand, I suppose. [The fashion industry] is hugely rewarding and hugely thrilling to be a part of, but it does have a tendency to drain your soul at times. It's important to remain true to who you are and why you’re in it.'On discussing his brand today, Holland said 'what we’ve created since the T-shirts has always tried to be something quite inclusive. We’ve tried to build a brand that’s more elevated as a catwalk brand and is in top tier stores around the world but we also want to keep it quite democratic. So, a lot of the partnerships that we do are a lower price points that makes it attainable to more people,' he added.Speaking about how he works with Klarna, Holland said: 'I started talking to Klarna in the summer, but I've been working with them on our website since the beginning of the year. There's the option to pay with Klarna on the website and I think it’s a really good tool to broaden our audience and make areas of the collection more available.'For the past week, the House of Klarna event has been home to a host of inspirational talks, workshops and styling sessions that celebrate the Klarna brand. Innovation is at the heart of what this global payments provider and fully-licensed bank does - and they want to revolutionise the payment experience for us, by giving us the option to pay now, pay later or over time for things we buy online. Dreamy, we know.The three-storey house has facilitated some of the best fashion, beauty and lifestyle brands in the business including ASOS, Oliver Bonas, Topshop, Topman, House of Holland, Missguided, BEAUTY BAY, My Protein and Schuh. Speaking about the event, Global fashion Eve Williams, Brand Experience Director at ASOS said: 'At ASOS we want to give our customers the best choice in everything we do; whether that is in the broad range of ASOS Design and branded products, smooth and fast delivery options or payment options. We know these are all important to our customers and we look forward to bringing them to life with Klarna’s fun event in Manchester'.Discover more information about the House of Klarna event here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)In theory, the process of ‘clearing out’, whatever that may mean to you, is a cathartic, rewarding experience. Think of all that extra room, you tell yourself, as you imagine bundling neglected clothes into bags, freeing up acres of space you never believed you had. In practice, it’s boring. Really, really boring. You work hard all week, only to arrive at Saturday to find that, rather than enjoying a bottomless brunch with your friends (that you’ll have to enjoy vicariously via Instagram, anyway), you’re spending all day cooped up, knee-deep in stuff.This is possibly why Marie Kondo has enjoyed such unprecedented success in showing the world how to not only fold your T-shirts into teeny, tiny triangles, but also how to free yourself from the tyranny of this Stuff. The spaces in which we live are getting smaller, so it makes sense we’d all turn to an oracle, of sorts, to discover how to maximise our joy in our own spaces. Indeed, as Kondo advises, the whole idea is to pick up an item and assess whether or not it instills said joy within you. It doesn’t? Throw it away.Except, to make the process of clearing out more worthwhile, don’t throw it out. Instead, why not donate it to a brilliant cause that will actually improve, and maybe save, someone’s life? TK Maxx is providing such a service – simply fill your bags with pre-loved clothes, accessories and even homewares, drop them off at your nearest TK Maxx store and be a part of the Give Up Clothes For Good campaign, which over the past 15 years has seen a whopping £32.5 million, including cash donations, raised for Cancer Research UK for Children and Young People.So, with all that in mind, and because we’ve partnered with TK Maxx to ensure that we can raise as much money as possible, here’s our three-step Grazia guide to making your next wardrobe clear-out more meaningful than ever before…Dedicate some time to sorting through your items before you decide what to donate. Don’t rush this and do it on impulse as, chances are, you may end up keeping lots of pieces you don’t want anymore and donating those that you still use regularly. Lay everything out on your bed, as this allows you to see everything clearly. Hold up each item – do you use it every day? Does it – wait for it – spark joy? If the answer is yes then put it in the keep pile. If not, fold it into a bag ready to be donated to TK Maxx at a later date.Living among clutter will inevitably leave you feeling disorganised in every area of your life. For some, this happens straight away but for others, it can develop over time. To make your life easier, invest in some handy storage solutions so that you can tidy everything away and feel more serene. Even if your living space is small, great storage can make it feel twice as big.Look for ingenious ways to work storage into your space – Pinterest is a good place to start for initial ideas on this. Some of the most common suggestions include shoe racks – either attached to doors if you’re short on floor space or built into wardrobes as extra shelves. Or, perhaps you need to compartmentalise your drawers or shelves, giving everything its own individual space. Either way, storage can really make or break the way you feel about where you live.When you’ve finally sorted through your belongings, stored everything you want to keep and put everything else into bags ready to go, make sure you locate your nearest TK Maxx store and donate your items to the Give Up Clothes For Good campaign. Since 2004, the initiative has seen 1.5 million bags of clothing and household goods donated, which equates to around 7,518 tonnes of pre-loved items that have been given a second life. And it’s not just Cancer Research UK for Children & Young People that is benefitting from this, either – it’s also helping the planet. Every tonne of clothing that is donated results in a net saving of 4.5 tones of greenhouses gases.At Grazia, we are in the midst of our own wardrobe clear outs, ready to donate to the cause and help to fund the amazing work of Cancer Research UK for Children & Young People, which is working to improve survival and reduce long-term side effects for children and young people with cancer. Join us and sign up to our pledge to help at graziadaily.co.uk/fashion/news/pledge. After that, donate away and turn the simple act of organising your wardrobe into something altogether more significant.For more inspiration, see all the celebrities who have supported the Give Up Clothes For Good campaign over the past 15 years...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In June, the government rejected all proposals presented by the Environmental Audit Committee to try and help reduce fashion's impact on the environment. This was just the latest in a long stream of news dominated by reports of fashion's culpability in our current crisis – something which has sparked mass protest by organisations like Extinction Rebellion, 600 of whom have recently been arrested. There is, therefore, greater pressure on fashion brands and organisations to take direct action. The day after the government's rejection of the EAC's proposals, Net-a-Porter launched Net Sustain, a platform dedicated entirely to sustainable fashion in all its forms. Now, Browns has followed suit with its own ethical edit: Conscious.Conscious includes a comprehensive edit of all the brands and products who are, according to Browns, working 'to integrate the circular economy into their business and work with sustainable materials.' There will also be four exclusive capsule collections, as well as a documentary series highlighting 'those doing better.'Ida Petersson, Buying Director of Menswear and Womenswear said: 'We know we have a long way to go however over the past two years we have been actively looking at ways to do better and offer our customers the choice to shop more consciously and this is happening across the business. As a buying team, we have been seeking new designers to showcase as well as actively working with the current roster of Browns brands to be much more transparent.'Included in Conscious are some brands you'll instantly recognise – Ganni, Stella McCartney, Veja and Reformation, for example – as well as lesser known designers set for big things – Bethany Williams, Collina Strada and By Walid. What Conscious means in practise is that you can shop for lovely pieces all in one place, safe in the knowledge that everything you're browsing has sustainable credentials. Browns has, essentially, done all the research for you.As mentioned, Browns is also launching Be Conscious, a three-part documentary series, the first of which is available to watch now. It features Duran Lantink, a Dutch designer and LVMH nominee who went to the Browns warehouse to choose a selection of past season pieces that he then reworked into a completely new collection.First Net-a-Porter, now Browns – some of fashion's leading retailers are starting to take sustainability seriously, working it into the future of their business. Let's just hope others follow – and soon.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just a few months ago, Nike sparked a nationwide debate with its 'plus-size' mannequin, unveiled in its flagship store in London. While for many, this was a long time coming, others criticised the move, labelling said mannequins as 'unhealthy' and 'irresponsible'. I would be inclined to argue that this viewpoint probably comes from the fact that we're so unused to seeing clothes modelled on mannequins that actually resemble the wide scope of human bodies. We're conditioned to see very slim, able-bodied mannequins showing us clothes that all of us – in all our various shapes and sizes – may or may not eventually buy. Good news, then, that Adidas has just launched its first size-inclusive collection, offering sportswear to women of all sizes.The global behemoth has teamed up with Universal Standard to create the collection, which includes long-line vests, hoodies, leggings and cropped tees – all available in sizes XXS to 4X (the equivalent of sizes 0-60). Writing on its website, Universal Standard said: 'This collection isn’t about asking women to change, it’s about meeting them where they are, just as they are. It’s about movement - the beauty of movement through dance, the strength of community... the belief in potential through basketball, and the power of a woman’s body in phases of transition. It’s for the athlete, the team, the mom, the anyone and everyone. It’s for all of US. As we are.'Sadly, few sportswear brands actually offer products in a range of sizes that caters to a lot of women, especially when you consider the fact that the UK average size is a 16. So, this new collaboration is very welcome indeed – and hopefully, it will encourage more brands to follow suit.This year, Universal Standard became the first – and only – size inclusive label in the world, unveiling a new mission statement on its website. 'Today, we’re the world’s most inclusive fashion brand. Tomorrow, we want to change that... There’s nothing more important to US than making sure all women are included and seen, so that while notions of 'us' and 'them' become extinct, definitions of beauty evolve.' The brand has collaborated with J.Crew and Rodarte, too, as part of its long-term mission to encourage greater inclusivity across the fashion industry.Long may it continue.ASOS 4505Sizes: 4-32plus size activewear brands - grazia2of6ASOS 4505Sizes: 4-32SECNDNTURESizes: XS-XXLFableticsSizes: XXS-XXLSimply be.Sizes: 12-32Good American:Sizes: XS-XXXXLNikeSizes: 4-32© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As one of the most democratic items of clothing, jeans are a wardrobe staple for nearly everyone (aside from my grandmother and the Queen of course). There are few situations in which jeans wouldn't be welcome (save for weddings, maybe, or black tie dress codes) and they go with pretty much everything. While they can be brilliant once you've identified which styles fit and feel good, shopping for denim can be a nightmare.I'm yet to meet a person who finds shopping for jeans enjoyable. Sizes can vary wildly, depending on where you shop, which can sometimes feel disheartening. This is why I would encourage you to dismiss the numbers on the label – instead, just go for what feels the best, because ultimately this is what is going to make you feel more confident in the long run. Bearing in mind the fact that different brands and labels use different fit models to determine sizes, I'd suggest that sizing is actually arbitrary, so don't let this put you off.Sizing aside, jeans can also be a bit overwhelming, given the fact that there is so. much. choice. There's the trusted speciality brands – Levi's and Wrangler, for example – as well as the high street names who are renowned for their excellent denim selection. Then, do you go for wide leg, skinny or straight? What about fashion's new obsession with flares? Perhaps consider what you already have and how you like to wear them – that will help you to narrow down the options.Browse some of the best new jeans on offer below to get a better idea of what's out there. Of course, it'll take a lot of trying on to know your best styles and brands, but once you've found your favourites it'll make replenishing a lot easier.Nothing says 70's chic like a pair of high-rise denim flares.I know what you're thinking – theses are a little Avril Lavigne Sk8er Boi. But this relaxed boyfriend fit works with trainers and heels. Honestly. Taking it back to the 50's with this pair of button-up, cropped jeans. These fit-and-flare jeans are actually super flattering and comfy, too. You can't go wrong with an ultimate classic pair of Levi's – you really will wear them forever. Skinny jeans may now be new, but if it ain't broke... Wrangler does some of the best in a range of washes, too.The Editor jeans have caused somewhat of a stir in fashion circles. A bit like your regular straight legs... but better. Boyfriend jeans are easy to wear and super comfy. Wear yours with an oversized knit and boots for a cold-weather look you don't have to think about. White denim isn't obvious for autumn/winter but these M&S jeans are changing our minds on that. The fit is lovely, they look far more expensive than they actually are and they're a nice change from your usual blue jeans. Cropped jeans are easier to wear than you might think. While they look great with trainers and tees, they're also easy to dress up with kitten heels and a fancy blouse. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is there a film character quite as fabulous as Cher Horowitz? As if!There are many, many reasons why Clueless is our most-viewed – and quotable - film on Netflix. The #SquadGoals. Any scene with the couple of the decade: Dionne and Murray. The Paul Rudd-effect...making as all ditch our bad boy flings in favour of the ‘nice guy’. And it was adapted from Jane Austen’s classic Emma, so there’s that. But it is the '90s wardrobe magic in the movie that holds a special place in our hearts, reminding us all that you can never have too many tartan co-ords.May we always be as sassy and stylish as this crowd…Dad: 'What the hell is that?'Cher: 'A dress.'Dad: 'Says who?'Cher: 'Calvin Klein.'Forget the LBD come party season, this scarlet slip-dress from ALAÏA is everything. The main reason we were in the 'Beret's Look Cool' camp.Can't decide what to wear to that winter wedding? Er, match your wardrobe to your place setting. The hair? Bigger is always better.Time to up your hat game a la Dionne Davenpor, dontchathink?Credit: GettyThe queen of matchy-matchy plaid separates was onto something – everyone from Calvin Klein to Victoria Beckham were all over the trends at Copenhagen Fashion Week. The best back-to-school school outfit ever. Over-the knee socks? Check. Sweater vest top layered over an Oxford blouse? Finished off perfectly with a '60s-style mini-skirt.Channelling her inner Buffy here, in a sheer black top, white vest and a silver cross necklace.Credit: GettyCher's most 'capable looking outfit', obvs.Keeping it casual in a pink vest over a white tee.Two time's a charm.READ MORE: 37 Facts You Never Knew About CluelessREAD MORE: Alicia Silverstone and Liv Tyler Shared This Adorable Flashback Friday!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last year, Net-a-Porter sold ten times the amount of trainers it did in 2012. That's a huge increase in sales in just six years, which is testament to the ever-increasing popularity of trainers. Once, fashion seemed a slave to high heels and it was rare to see editors in flats, let alone trainers. Now though, they're some of the most coveted items, with everyone from Prada to Chanel making them. It's because of this that Net-a-Porter has decided to launch the #Sneakerset, entirely dedicated to trainers of all shapes and sizes.Some of the most-hyped collaborations of the past couple of years have revolved around trainers. When Nike teamed up with Sacai, for instance, Net-a-Porter sold 2000 pairs within just three hours of the launch. Similarly, the Adidas x Khaite trainers are one of the shopping platform's fastest-selling exclusive styles to date. So, in order to keep up with the overwhelming demand for kicks, Net has invested in over 500 new pairs , some of which are part of exciting collaborations from some very famous faces.There will be six new product drops and eight new collaborations, all modelled by 12 creatives from around the world. From South Africa to India via LA, there's a host of young faces, all showing how they wear their trainers in their everyday lives.Elizabeth von der Goltz, Net-a-Porter's global buying director, said: 'The oversized ‘Dad’ sneaker has been dominating the street style scene for several seasons and the latest styles from Reebok x Victoria Beckham and newly launched brand Shoes 53045 will definitely keep this trend alive. In addition, this season we are seeing a strong return to cleaner silhouettes and retro styles – a sleeker option to pair back with elevated basics or a sharply tailored suit to give your look a cool and bold twist.''Sneakers are an integral part of our buy and some of our favorite styles this season come with a refreshing and laid-back Californian vibe, from luxury brands Chloé and Isabel Marant or with a feminine approach with designs from Converse x AMBUSH and Cecile Bahnsen x Sophie Bille Brahe.'While Net-a-Porter has sold tens of thousands of Veja trainers – the French brand that is renowned for its ethical credentials – its other biggest-selling trainer brands include Nike, Golden Goose, Adidas Original, Alexander McQueen, Gucci, Common Projects, Converse and Prada.Looks like we've now all got an excuse to put comfort over anything else, then.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Want to dress like Kendall Jenner? Now's your chance. Polish brand Reserved has served up an incredibly chic AW19/20 collection that's been fronted by the model-of-the-moment. Dubbed 'Ciao Kendall', the collection boasts an array of timeless pieces including slick suits, cropped blouses and thigh high boots.Following campaigns with Kate Moss, Cindy Crawford, Adwoa Aboah and Irina Shayk, Reserved picked Jenner to star in its latest campaign after naming her one of 'the biggest personalities in the fashion world'. In the campaign video, which is directed by Gordon Von Steiner, Jenner transforms into some of the most iconic on-screen stars in Italian films, including Sophia Loren in 'Marriage, Italia Style' and Natalie Portman in 'Léon'.Dressed in the 'Ciao Kendall' collection, we see Jenner morph into the parts of various characters to celebrate the many different phases a woman - and her dress sense - goes through in her life. In one scene, she's styled in a floral slip top with chunky biker boots, and in another, she's in an A-line skirt and high-neck, pastel blue jumper. We're also treated to a variety of whimsical wigs and makeup looks throughout the two-minute video campaign. Keen to dress like Kendall? Shop Grazia's edit from the collection below.Floral + puff sleeves = our dream blouse. 🖤Brave the chilly British weather and stand out from the crowd in this patterned coat from Reserved.Knitted skirt are big news for AW/19. Stock up on this pink number before it sells out.Perfect for work, play and everything in between, these ballerina shoes have us head over heels.Claim your stomping ground in these jewelled black ankle boots. We love.Timeless and oh-so-elegant, this pink maxi dress from Reserved is going straight into our date night wardrobe.These boots were certainly made for walking, and showing off in. We don't plan on taking them off.Make a style statement in this slick beige suit jacket, which can be worn with the matching trousers or with something entirely different.Pair these trousers with heels for an occasion, or crisp white trainers for smart-casual office attire.Stop the search: we think we've found your new favourite handbag. Big enough to carry your essentials, but small enough to still look chic.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In May of this year, Marks & Spencer announced that its beloved Per Una collections were changing. Led by design directors Lisa Illis and Jill Stanton, the new look felt fresh and exciting – and M&S customers agreed. The brand sold a whopping 30,000 Per Una items in the first week alone, including tiered shirt dresses and glossy accessories. For AW19, M&S has developed this new look even further – and the result is one of the best Per Una offerings we've seen.As the new season collections arrive in shops, the amount of choice can feel overwhelming. Of course, there's a lot to love in the Per Una range, but it's easy to whittle it down to the best key pieces. There is, for example, a fresh floral print that is splashed across wear-everywhere midi dresses and skirts (to be worn with chunky knits – easy and chic), as well as velvet belted blazers, pyjama-style suits and excellent cocoon coats. All New Per Una. New prints, textures, colours and styles. It’s modern femininity made easy, and your go-to for wear-anywhere dresses (like this satin midi). Tap to shop. #allnewperunaA post shared by  M&S (@marksandspencer) on Oct 7, 2019 at 12:57am PDTThere are certainly nods to some of the key trends – a pair of cropped corduroy trousers, for example – but these pieces don't feel transient. They feel like practical things to add to your wardrobe that you really will wear all the time – a crucial quality in our current environmental crisis. All New Per Una. Say hello to cosy knits and cord flares – this season’s most flattering trouser shape – and they’re super-soft thanks to a touch of Modal. Tap to shop. #allnewperunaA post shared by  M&S (@marksandspencer) on Oct 7, 2019 at 1:58am PDTFrom suede A-line skirts to roll neck knits, the new Per Una retains all of the democracy of M&S' usual collections – a good range of sizes and affordable prices – with an added flourish. In fact, just one look at this new range is enough to positively welcome colder weather. It's that good....© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if you’ve started at least five conversations this week with the question/observation, ‘Ooo, hasn’t it turned cold this week?’ Yes, it has, and we’re thrilled. Why? Because it means finally - finally! - it’s time to crack out our winter boots. Yup, Def Wearing Slouchy Jeans This Autumn 💙 #WhoWhatWearing #OsloA post shared by  NNENNA (@nnennaechem) on Sep 10, 2019 at 5:33am PDTLast year’s Cuban-heeled cowboys are still on the money, but if you do fancy a new pair, there’s a new style sweeping Instagram. Or, rather, an old style. The Sixties and Seventies favourite - the knee-high - has come back with a bang this autumn. The Norwegian influencer, Nnenna Echem, tucked her pin-tucked jeans into a pair of forest-green boots that stopped just short of her knees, while Anna Sarlvit styled her block-heeled white pair with a minidress. Black cat 🐱A post shared by  Annabel Rosendahl (@annabelrosendahl) on Sep 5, 2019 at 12:13pm PDTBut what if the idea of baggy jeans and knee-highs is a little, well, piratical for your taste? Or, perhaps you shudder at the thought of showing your knees. Fear not – there are plenty of ways to wear them. Try yours underneath a sweeping midi dress or flared leather culottes so that the only section of boot on show is the toe to the mid-calf. It’s a favourite trick of fashion editors when it’s too cold for bare legs but a little too stuffy for black opaques. You could also consider a puffed-sleeved minidress. Obviously, this isn’t for you anti-knee folk, but the rest of you remember that the voluminous shoulders will balance out the amount of leg on show. Annonce ~ The right way to spend Friday 🛋 Wearing the new Wilfred collection from @aritzia #aritziapartnerA post shared by  Anna Sarlvit 🍒 (@annasarlvit) on Oct 4, 2019 at 12:52am PDTThe kicker after all this worry is that, pretty much however you wear them, a knee-high is going to be leg-lengthening. They’ll also be made for walking if you buy them with a low block-heel. Just sayin'.READ MORE: It's Basically Winter-Boots Weather: Here's Your Guide To The Best© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This week, you probably read about Gigi Hadid's new career as an agent of security. When the Chanel show was invaded by Marie Benoliel, a French comedian who has made a name for herself on YouTube, Hadid promptly marched her off the catwalk, all of which was recorded in a video that has now gone viral. While it was the first ready-to-wear show that Chanel has staged without Lagerfeld, who died in February this year, a lot of the details were lost in the furore caused by Benoliel's stunt. One of the major aspects of the show to be overlooked, in my humble opinion, is the fact that Virginie Viard – Lagerfeld's successor – seems to have taken inspiration from 2007's most notorious outfit.Cast your mind back to those heady days. Social media was A Thing, sure, but certainly not in the pervasive way it is today. Self esteem wasn't inextricably linked to how many likes one received, rather how many MySpace Top 5's one appeared in. I digress. 2007 was also the height of Sienna Miller hysteria, when the poor woman could barely leave her house without the Daily Mail (and others) chasing her down the street. At this time, Miller starred in Factory Girl, a much-underrated film in this writer's opinion, and one which deserves greater acclaim.It is possible, however, that the film was eclipsed by Miller's fame, the majority of which hinged on what she looked like and what she wore. And while it would be remiss, to say the least, to reduce a woman to her choice of clothing, it would be a crying shame not to congratulate Miller for inventing a frankly absurd outfit that has appeared on the Chanel catwalk, no less, over a decade later.Attending the Factory Girl premiere, Miller wore a pair of black 'hot pants' (they were large black knickers, let's be honest) with opaque black tights and a cropped black, fluffy jumper. At this point, it's worth noting that this premiere was also lucky enough to enjoy the presence of Anna WIntour. Imagine meeting Anna Wintour when you're essentially half-dressed. Miller did it. And it was excellent.In this Instagram age we're currently enjoying – or enduring depending on who you speak to – there is much talk of 'influencers'. But really, how can we ever take them seriously again when the OG is clearly Sienna Miller in a pair of massive black pants and tights? Gigi Hadid appeared in the exact same combo to walk across the Parisian rooftops, constructed in the Grand Palais as Chanel's latest catwalk. And in those black pants and tights, she even saw off an intruder.The only conclusion to make, here, is that 2007 is the new black. So, see you next spring, when we all come out of hibernation wearing footless tights with kitten heels, our hair cut into an homage to the POB and our black tights firmly held in place with our huge black knickers. Thank you, Sienna.Sienna Miller Look Book 2of43Sienna Miller in Balenciaga at the Cannes Film Festival - May 2015 [Rex]Sienna Miller in Gucci at the Cannes Film Festival - May 2015 [Rex]Sienna Miller in Sonia Rykiel at the Cannes Film Festival - May 2015 [Rex]Sienna Miller in Victoria Beckham - September 2015 [Rex]Sienna Miller in Burberry at the Burberry show, Spring Summer 2016 - September 2015 [Rex]© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To enter the world of Dolce & Gabbana Alta Moda (the couture line the Italian duo established eight years ago) is to enter a world of unfeasible glamour: one of spectacular locations, supermodels and seriously jet-set guests. All of that pales in comparison to the superlatively sumptuous clothes, however. Because although you’re more likely to spy today’s royals in denim and trainers, for Dolce & Gabbana’s anointed Alta Moda Queens, crowns, ballgowns and robes reign supreme.Now Domenico Dolce is celebrating the Alta Moda world with a spectacular new photography tome that pays homage to the label’s ultra-glamorous clients (he shot the portraits himself). Queens: Alta Moda di Dolce & Gabbana is a lavish 216-page monograph featuring Domenico’s clients and friends from across the globe, all of them resplendent in pieces from the Alta Moda and Alta Gioielleria (fine jewellery) collections, their portraits juxtaposed with paintings of historical empresses, princesses and noblewomen by great masters.The book launched last night with a party and exhibition at Dolce & Gabbana’s Old Bond Street store. ‘We love women,’ Domenico told Grazia of his simple starting point for the book, which has been a labour of love for the past two years. ‘The woman is icon!’ And the secret to being a Dolce queen? ‘Confidence!’A handful of clients who star in the book were out to celebrate the launch. Like Chinese-American Grace Pen, who dazzled in a crystal embellished tuxedo. What does she love about Dolce & Gabbana? ‘What is there not to love?’ she smiled, calling out the detail that goes into ‘every stitch, every sparkle’ and the fact that their designs ‘tuck everything in where it needs to be tucked in!’. Or Amani Sboul Dagher, who lives between Jordan and London, and loves that Dolce & Gabbana ‘has this Italian elegance and allure that you cannot deny’. Iman Allana, a millennial entrepreneur (she has a line of Bollywood-inspired beauty) who has loved the brand since she got her first pair of D&G jeans, aged 11 added: ‘Dolce & Gabbana is a company that feels like family. They run it like a family, and they take care of their customers like family’.Indeed that sprawling, extended family spirit is something both the clients and the designers seem to thrive off. No wonder Domenico quipped that as an Italian, ‘the mama’ will always be the ultimate queen.Queens: Alta Moda di Dolce & Gabbana, Assouline, £265© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kate Middleton has long championed British-based fashion labels, with some of her favourites including Alexander McQueen, Emilia Wickstead and Roksanda. Often, pieces are made for her, putting them firmly out of reach for the general public. There are times, however, when she proves the power of The Kate Effect and causes an item to sell out, be it high street or otherwise. This week, she put a relatively under-the-radar label firmly on the map.The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are due to embark on a tour of Pakistan in just over a week. Ahead of this, they went to meet the Aga Khan in London. For the meeting, Kate chose a pretty green, flowing silk dress with a subtly contrasting belt.The dress is from ARoss Girl x Soler, a collaboration between two labels that are well known within the fashion industry. ARoss Girl was founded by Amanda Ross, a former editor at Harper's Bazaar and red carpet stylist. Soler is a small, London-based atelier that Ross stumbled upon and fell in love with, which then led to a collaboration between the two, hosted by Net-a-Porter.Kate's dress is the Amanda Maxi Dress in silk, costing £825. It is, as you may have expected, completely sold out. But it's definitely worth checking out the rest of the collection on Net-a-Porter, which is full of pretty midi dresses, silk blouses and velvet skirts. There are even corduroy midis for £285, meaning you can get a slightly more affordable slice of the collab.The Duchess has been taking more risks, sartorially speaking, of late. While they're still in-keeping with her typically polished, classic approach to dressing, they've been more fashion-forward. We've seen everything from Gucci gowns to Mulberry coats, so it will be interesting to see what she'll be wearing during the tour of Pakistan in the coming weeks.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's been 23 years since the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air finished, which is not to say we haven't all enjoyed the re-runs ever since. The show made Will Smith a household name and he went on to become one of the world's most famous film stars. It seems he's still paying homage to his roots, however, as he just announced on Instagram some exciting news for all Fresh Prince fans.Smith has designed a range of Fresh Prince merchandise that he's now selling on his website. From retro, sporty tees to full-on tracksuits, the full range is gender neutral and a true ode to Smith's 90s style. Bel-Air Athletics, as it's called, even includes accessories like socks, air freshners and basketballs.On Instagram, Smith said 'I put my thang down, flipped it and reversed it. Then I put it on sale', accompanied by a video of him wearing the reversible jacket from the range. So far, the video has over 1.6 million views, while a new video Smith posted yesterday has over 800,000 and counting.So, whether you're watching Fresh Prince every day like it's 1996 or you're just looking for some fun new sportswear, Will Smith has you covered.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Take a quick scan of the front rows at Paris Fashion Week just gone and it’s hard to tell whether the year is 1999 or 2019. There were as many throwbacks to the era of slip dresses and maxi skirts as there were new-season Bottega Veneta shoes and bags - and there were a lot of Bottega Veneta shoes and bags.Nineties fashion is officially having a moment. Maybe it’s because of last month’s Friends anniversary. The TV show’s pilot episode aired on 22 September 1994 and gave millennials a lifelong-appreciation for straight-leg jeans, minimalist slip dresses, bandanas and combat trousers. Or maybe it’s because things like oversized trench coats and shoulder bags simply feel now - and are everywhere you look online. By Far’s snake-effect satchels and naked sandals look straight out of Carrie Bradshaw’s season one wardrobe, while Nili Lotan’s single-breasted leather blazer is straight up Gwyneth Paltrow circa 1995.Here are the five items to dig out of your wardrobe before doing any shopping. Strap marks 💁🏼‍♀️ (top, jeans gifted)A post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Aug 7, 2019 at 10:23am PDTYou last wore a spaghetti-strapped top to a school disco, but it’s something of a staple for today’s Insta-stars - and they don’t save it for after-hours. Style yours with straight-leg jeans, stomper boots and slim shades like influencer Lucy Williams. Annonce ~ Sunday walk🍭A post shared by  Anna Sarlvit 🍒 (@annasarlvit) on Aug 18, 2019 at 7:54am PDTAn It bag meant Fendi’s baguette to Carrie and Samantha, and its shape, short strap and small enough to tuck under the armpit, is still the ultimate. Choose between & Other Stories mock-croc version, Coach’s logo style or Chylak’s snake-effect flap bag.OTT denim - we’re talking stonewash, tie-dye and the kind of high-waisted jeans you haven’t seen since the likes of Saved By The Bell’s AC Slater - is back in business. We can’t think of better time to crack out a Canadian tuxedo so be sure to double up on your statement denims.Brooke Shields made boot-cut jeans famous in 1980, thanks to that iconic Calvin Klein ad, and the 90s supers cemented the shape’s cult status. They’ve since fallen out of fashion, replaced by skinnies, straight-legs and cropped flares, but Kate Moss has just cracked hers out - and we’re not far behind.You can thank Gwyneth Paltrow, Winona Ryder and Halle Berry for our collective obsession with leather blazers, jackets and coats.READ MORE: Harry Styles Is Wearing Flares - And Soon You Will Be, Too© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every celebrity in the public eye knows that one's wardrobe can be a weapon — a means of conveying a message without the need for words at all. Think of Theresa May’s power suits or Princess Diana’s divorce dress and you get the idea.But the royal that really uses her clothing to quietly send a signal is Meghan Markle, who is forever championing brands with sustainability as their main missive. From established labels like Stella McCartney and Gabriela Hearst — who has promoted low-impact production since the brand launched in 2015 — to smaller and emerging labels like British handbag label DeMellier and French sneaker brand Veja, Markle is the royal family’s — and, arguably, Hollywood’s — most ethical fashion tastemaker.For a woman who has spent her life in the public eye, with the media frenzy around her at an all-time-high since her wedding to Prince Harry last year, such outfit choices are deliberate: Markle knows that the scrutiny around her wardrobe will promote brands that are doing good — either by the environment, by ethical production, or both.Take the recent royal tour in Africa, for example. Markle has worn several pieces from brands with a focus on sustainability, including a belted shirt dress from Room 502 – which uses ethically sourced materials, production and labour – a black and white dress from Malawi-based, fair-trade brand Myamiko and a long Staud dress made from recycled nylon. Of course, each item sold out in record timing. “It appears to be quite intentional,” says James Bartle, founder of the Australian-based jeans label Outland Denim. Markle wore a pair of Outland’s Harriet jeans — a high-rise skinny cut from organic cotton and made by a team of women rescued from trafficking in Outland’s ethical factory in Cambodia — during the royal couple’s Australian tour last year. “The Duchess’ advocacy for human rights and the environment is evident in the brands that she chooses to wear — it’s clear she holds a preference for brands with substance, whose foundations are built upon respect for people and the planet." We cannot think of a more suitable woman to carry the Outland Denim brand. A big thank you to the Duchess of Sussex (and bump!) for choosing to wear Outland Denim on this #royaltour! Meghan wears the high-rise Harriet jean in Black. #madedifferent #zeroexploitation #GameOnDownUnder #IG2018 #DukeandDuchessofSussex 📸 Samir Hussein & Getty ImagesA post shared by  Outland Denim (@outlanddenim) on Oct 16, 2018 at 6:59pm PDTMarkle’s outing in the Harriet immediately prompted a 3000 per cent spike in web traffic to Outland’s Australian website (and 948 per cent globally), and the jeans sold out within 24 hours. “Our sales also increased 640 per cent for the week following the sighting of Meghan in our jeans.” Bartle says. In fact, sales continued to increase so much that Bartle was able to employ 46 additional staff in the last six months. “Meghan has enabled us to grow our business in a very tangible, immediate way.”Other sustainable brands are reporting similar sell-out successes. The handbag label DeMellier, which operates a zero-waste policy and also funds a full set of vaccinations for children in developing countries like Somalia and Zambia with each purchase, saw a 2000 per cent spike in traffic after Markle carried the mini Venice saddlebag in forest green. “Phones wouldn’t stop ringing with requests from all over the world after that,” says the brand’s founder Mireia Llusia-Lindh — she chose to start her ‘A Bag, A Life’ initiative after discovering that one in six children in such countries don’t live past the age of six because of lack of vaccinations against preventable diseases. Meghan’s choice of DeMellier is understandable: in 2016, she visited Rwanda as a global ambassador for World Vision, where she met with young children in schools and taught them how to paint. Our warmest congratulations to Harry & Meghan on the announcement of their pregnancy ❤️A post shared by  DeMellier (@demellierlondon) on Oct 15, 2018 at 12:15pm PDTBut Markle’s commitment goes beyond showcasing the latest sustainable wares. Not only has she worn several vintage pieces lately — sporting a vintage Dior plum-coloured coat for Zara Phillips’ baby Lena’s christening, and a 1965 Courreges couture trapeze coat in New York recently, both reportedly sourced from William Vintage in Marylebone — but she also wears her pieces more than once. It maximises the brand’s profile, but also shows Markle is more in-line with the sustainable consumption model oft-touted today — one of buying once and buying well. It’s for that reason her Veja sneakers, which arguably brought the cult brand that was founded in 2004 to the world’s attention, have rarely been off her feet. (The super comfortable trainers are crafted from organic cotton which uses no pesticides and less water during the growing of the fibre, with soles made from rubber sourced from a cooperative in the Amazonian rainforest).“More and more is understood now that with your dollar you can vote for the industry you want to see,” says Bartle. Markle then, is discreetly encouraging others to “insist the fashion industry moves in this direction for the sake of human rights, for the prosperity of the planet and sense of community that comes with knowing the businesses you support align with your values.” Adds Llusia-Lindh: “People look up to Meghan.” Thankfully for all of us, she’s using her influence to help save the planet.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gone are the days when we lusted over bags with house-deposit levels of price tag. In the noughties, it was commonplace for the likes of Hermès, Celine and Prada to sell bags with five figure price tags.Luckily, in the past few years we've witnessed the rise of the mid-range bag. Michael Kors spearheaded the revolution by selling his much-coveted bags for around the £300 mark, and other designers have swiftly followed. Marc Jacobs and Chloé’s sister lines now specialise in offering more affordable options, and the likes of Mulberry and Gucci have begun to include accessories in their collections that are well under £500.Even better, a whole crop of new designers have sprung up focusing on this area of the market. It’s official: affordable luxury has never been more exciting. Flooding our Instagram feed, these new brands will make your accessory haul better (and more economical) than ever... @maria_bernad with the Dip bag in Pistachio 🌱A post shared by  Y U Z E F I  🇬🇧 (@yuzefi) on May 29, 2019 at 4:04am PDTBritish brand Yuzefi was only launched during London Fashion week back in 2016 but is fast becoming the hottest name in bag land. A personal fave and huge hit with the style set, we're expecting big (huge!) things from them. Check out the 'Dip' bag, seen above on Maria Bernad, which retails at just under £600.Shop Now Alexis and our new Evie barrel bag 🧡| Regram @sandrasemburg Coastal feeling in Copenhagen @alexisforeman@nycbambi #whites #creme #cphfw 📷 by Sandra SemburgA post shared by  C.Nicol (@cnicolstudio) on Aug 7, 2019 at 5:28am PDTSpotted during Copenhagen Fashion week, the 'Evie' barrel bag by Scottish label C.Nicol was almost ubiquitous.. Best known for creating sleek leather classics, this new offering is a welcome departure for the brand.Shop Now Only love 💕 @lindatol_ and @louloudesaison - Al bag and Hortensia Bag #wandler image via @lindatol_ @vogueparis @collagevintage2A post shared by  WANDLER (@wandler) on Mar 3, 2019 at 11:14pm PSTElza Wandler first burst into our lives back in 2017, when she launched her namesake accessories brand Wandler. Best known for minimal, elegant pieces with a play on colour and dimensions - her latest foray into footwear has garnered the brand cult status amongst the style set while cementing itself as a go-to brand for chic bags. Our fave? The 'Hortensia'.Shop Now Trying to keep smiling through the exhaustion #powerofasmileA post shared by  Ellie (@slipintostyle) on Sep 19, 2019 at 12:01pm PDTDanse Lente launched in 2017 and attracted so much attention that it was snapped up by Net-a-Porter within just 2 months of trading. The name – French for “slow dance” – comes from the founder's hope that wearers of her designs get “a feeling of uplift from the bag" - we're sold.Shop Now The Large Moon BagA post shared by  S T A U D (@staud.clothing) on Jul 31, 2019 at 4:42pm PDTCult brand Staud is perhaps most famous for the chic, top-handle bucket bags in an array of shades - but this season, we're lusting over the new 'Moon' bags (see above).Shop Now Mademoiselle in Ivory 💥A post shared by  Little Liffner (@littleliffner) on Aug 27, 2019 at 5:38am PDTFormer fashion consultant Paulina Liffner von Sydow launched Little Lifner with a vision to design expensive-looking handbags for under £500. Her clean, Scandi aesthetic pieces have been picked up by big guns like Net-a-Porter and Farfetch and gained a cult Insta-following. We're big fans of the ladylike top handle miniatures.Shop Now Feathered Mini Belt Bags are available online at www.chylak.comA post shared by  CHYLAK (@chylak.bags) on Sep 23, 2019 at 10:59pm PDTLaunched in 2014 in Poland, Chylak's founder Zofia Chylak learned her craft at Proenza Schouler in New York, before launching her namesake label. Her chic, influencer-friendly designs have won over fashion insiders with vintage inspired mock-croc with modern twists. Get yourself on the waiting list for the new saddle bag, which promises to be a sell-out hit...Shop Now Intoducing the new Baguettes in Croco, hands up if you are excited 🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏻‍♀️ Available Now  #elleme #paris #baguettebagA post shared by  Elleme (@elleme) on Jun 25, 2019 at 7:11am PDTBased in Paris, and founded by Jingjing Fan, Elleme promises to bring shoppers 'meticulously designed pieces defined by simplicity, timelessness and singularity.' After the fame of the Baozi bag (shaped like a Chinese Dumpling, yet way way chicer) we're all over the new Baguette style from Parisian It-brand Elleme.Shop Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sometimes, it's difficult to see a fashion trend coming. They can be so left-field that they appear seemingly from nowhere and seem to confuse even the most loyal of trend watchers. Other times, there are trends which are slow burners; which start picking up speed gradually, only to become prolific on the fashion scene for seasons to come. This is exactly what's happened with puff sleeves, which have quickly become so much more than a passing fad.What started with a few dresses, tops and the like has now become widespread. From Simone Rocha and Molly Goddard to Ganni and Cecilie Bahnsen, summer proved that the ultimate silhouette, no matter your age or size, is one that's oversized, preferably with puff sleeves. There's also theinfluence of the upcomingLittle Womenfilm, which has ensured the prairie trend still has a firm presence (and also vindicates my own wardrobe) and therecent furore over the phrase 'Big Girl's Blouse'which I have reclaimed as it is, quite frankly, a compliment – particularly when boasting puff sleeves.If you thought this was just a summer fling, however, you'd be wrong. The last month has seen New York, London, Milan and Paris play host to the new spring/summer 2020 collections, giving us all a glimpse at next year's trends. And guess what was a prominent feature in every city?From Khaite, Brock Collection and Mara Hoffman in New York – via Simone Rocha and Rejina Pyo in London – right through to the drama of Alexander McQueen in Paris just this week, a puff sleeve was present and correct in every fashion capital (on and off the catwalk), cementing its reign.Thankfully, you don't need to wait until next summer to boast your own statement shoulders – there are plenty of options you can incorporate into your autumn wardrobe right now. It's the power shoulder for the new decade... © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It may only be the beginning of October but in the world of advent calendars, Christmas is just around the corner. The best of this year's beauty advent calendars have been revealed, while some are already available to buy. But if you think spending a few hundred pounds on a luxurious calendar stocked with beauty treats sounds indulgent, you might be interested to know that's small fry compared to jewellery brand Beaverbrooks' new advent calendar. In celebration of its 100th birthday, Beaverbrooks is launching 'A Diamond A Day' – a calendar for the festive period that is helpfully filled with everything from sparkling earrings to a diamond ring worth a whopping £26,000. There are also watches, bracelets, necklaces and jewellery sets to ensure you're never without any sort of diamond, ever again.The calendar will set you back £100,000 but, according to the brand, is actually worth over £123,000 – a bargain, no? Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, said: 'For a century, we’ve been passionate about diamonds, so we’re extremely excited to announce the launch of our diamond-a-day advent calendar in celebration of our 100th Christmas at Beaverbrooks.'As well as own-brand diamonds, the calendar will be filled with jewellery from the likes of Gucci and Tag Heuer, too. In fact, it's so exclusive that to buy it, you will need to call the Beaverbrooks customer service team.Suddenly, Jo Malone's advent calendar feels like a very affordable choice for Christmas...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The conversation surrounding diversity in fashion has reached fever pitch: every brand, magazine and designer is now aware of its responsibility to represent a breadth of cultures and identities. So where was this inclusive spirit on the catwalks of London Fashion Week earlier this month?For the first time, the exclusive event opened its doors to the public and appeared more accessible than ever. But from the models to the FROW, there was an unmistakable absence of diverse body types. Despite notable exceptions like RIXO and Simone Rocha, London Fashion Week didn’t reflect fashion’s new era of inclusivity.‘We had no bookings for London Fashion Week this year,’ say the founders of Zebedee Management, the UK’s first modelling agency to exclusively represent people with disabilities. Since launching in 2017, this has unfortunately been the norm: ‘LFW doesn’t seem very interested in disability diversity at the moment… We are continually making calls to designers, brands and casting teams but these very rarely turn into bookings.’‘London is one of the most beautifully diverse cities in the world, so why doesn't London Fashion Week reflect this?’ says the model Kelly Knox. Born without her lower left arm, Knox campaigns against the media’s oversight when it comes to representing people with disabilities. ‘We want to see ourselves represented on the runway, in advertising campaigns, in fashion magazines. Fashion is for every body.’‘I did see a mix of races at the London Fashion Week shows I attended, but I didn’t see diversity in terms of size, non-binary models, age, or disability,’ says Tamara Cincik, CEO of Fashion Roundtable. She’s also concerned that the show venues are not accessible to people with disabilities – it took ten minutes for her and a wheelchair user to negotiate with security and then make their way through a warren of backstage areas just to reach their seats at one show. At the same time, she saw a guest navigating a spiral staircase on two sticks: ‘I can’t see how we’ll have disabled models in shows until we have venues which are easily accessible.’So, is policy the answer? In collaboration with fashion-industry leaders and activists, Cincik is currently working on a policy paper for the UK government: ‘I hope it will shift the mindset by making clear recommendations of what representation looks like and the value that inclusion brings.’But according to Roland Mouret, the responsibility lies with each designer to ensure their catwalks are fully diverse: ‘It is the designer’s decision – we don’t need rules to make decisions and if our decision shows our weakness let it be.’ Mouret’s latest show stood out with its size-, race- and gender-inclusive casting. ‘For me the purpose of a show today is to showcase the values of the house and designer,’ he explains. ‘I want to translate our reality onto the catwalk, I don’t think it’s relevant today to not showcase diversity in every aspect of it.’In the past year, European brands (such as Prada, Chanel and Gucci) have launched diversity schemes and hired officers for this very purpose. But their newfound commitment to inclusivity wasn’t yet visible on the catwalks of Milan and Paris Fashion Week. Although shows now appear more ethnically diverse, there remains little to no representation when it comes to size, ability, gender or age.'Fashion has the potential to de-stigmatise and celebrate all bodies by including them in the narrative of beauty.'However, Paris Fashion Week saw two remarkable exceptions— Christian Siriano and one of fashion's most exciting new labels, Marine Serre. As young designers, both are renowned for embracing diversity. Siriano’s Pop Art inspired collection was modelled by an entirely diverse cast of models and Serre’s post-apocalyptic show featured pregnant women, mature models and a tiny Pomeranian to boot.When fashion month kicked off in September it appeared more diverse than ever, with several New York Fashion Week shows showcasing models of all body shapes, abilities, genders and ethnicities. Take for instance Chromat’s tenth anniversary show where the spectrum of bodies on the catwalk was almost as wide as the rainbow colour palette. The model line-up featured the amputee Mama Cax, breast cancer survivor Ericka Hart, and body positive activist Tess Holliday wearing a white patchwork gown stamped with the words ‘sample size’, a clapback at the fashion industry’s infamously restrictive sample size of 4-8.Likewise, Tommy Hilfiger’s collaboration with Zendaya was praised for its inclusive spirit. Models of all body types and races graced the catwalk in a 70s themed block party extravaganza at the Apollo theatre in Harlem. This diverse casting included a pregnant Ashley Graham, the Muslim supermodel Halima Aden and 67-year-old Harlem native JoAni Johnson styled in a white tuxedo. Ten pieces from the see-now-buy-now collection even feature adaptations for people with disabilities— such as the polka dot midi dress with magnetic buttons and elasticated waist recently sported by Selma Blair.But when it comes to inclusivity, Savage X Fenty is the jewel in New York’s crown. In the past year Rihanna’s lingerie brand has garnered adoration for its fearless pursuit of diversity and unapologetic mission to make all bodies visible. Although phones and cameras were banned during their latest NYFW show, the event is now streaming on Amazon Prime Video. From Laverne Cox to the Hadid sisters, global audiences watched in awe as trans models and amputees starred alongside plus-size models.Following the high-octane show, one Twitter user remarked that Rihanna had staged more than a fashion show, it’s ‘a whole festival of women’s power, body acceptance, positivity and inclusivity’. As the diametric opposite of an old school Victoria’s Secret show, ‘flawless’ uniformity was rejected in favour of fierce individuality. What’s more inclusive brand values are incredibly lucrative— Savage X Fenty has seen huge financial growth and the company recently secured a further investment of $50 million.In the run up to New York Fashion Week, the CFDA (Council of Fashion Designers of America) published a letter reminding designers about the importance of diverse casting: ‘Please remember to promote diversity and inclusion, on and off the runway. American fashion can lead the path.’ In fact, last March The Fashion Spot found that across all four fashion weeks, New York was the most diverse of the fashion capitals.Fashion has the potential to de-stigmatise and celebrate all bodies by including them in the narrative of beauty. But while the fashion industry appears more inclusive than ever, the catwalks of London Fashion Week prove it’s still a work in progress.LFW Street Style 2of75[CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][Getty][Getty][Getty][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP][CHRISTIAN VIERIG / ASP]© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No wardrobe could possibly be complete without a white shirt. Whether you wear yours tucked into tailored trousers for the office, with distressed jeans (our weekend uniform), or even oversized and loosely fastened over a swimsuit on the beach, it’s a universal must-have.Crisp shirts return to the catwalk season on season. Just last week we saw them layered under blazers at the Saint Laurent show in Paris – these ones had dramatic cuffs and collars and were worn unbuttoned to the waist. Earlier this year, during New York Fashion Week, Alexander Wang brought the white shirt back too; his were cleverly deconstructed, hanging off model’s shoulders and sporadically knotted over the chest.We’ve sifted through the styles currently available to shop. From short-sleeved versions for milder climes to fitted shirts, perfect for a more feminine approach to back-to-school dressing, scroll through our edit to freshen up your arsenal. moodA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on May 23, 2016 at 7:52am PDT I'm thrilled to be partnering with @nordstrom to design 💃🏼💁🏼👗👚👖👛their Chelsea 28 collection for the next year!!💖 #staystylish #LovetheNordstromTeamA post shared by  Olivia Palermo (@oliviapalermo) on Oct 28, 2015 at 6:50am PDT 😀😀😀😀A post shared by  Alexa Chung (@alexachung) on Apr 13, 2016 at 6:07am PDT LA 🌞✌🏼️photo by @chercoulterA post shared by  Rosie HW (@rosiehw) on Aug 26, 2016 at 8:24am PDT© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s been 13 years since the last episode of Sex and the City aired but as Carrie Bradshaw once said of a Chanel suit, Sex and the City never goes out of style. Its depiction of single life for women in their thirties – their relationship highs and lows, their unwavering dedication to friendship, their career triumphs, career struggles – continue to resonate. Indeed, a time when such issues cease to be relevant seems unimaginable. Sex and the City lives on.What is most remarkable about this, however, is that SATC’s fashion lives on too. Remarkable because… fashion changes with the seasons. Doesn’t it?Not with SATC. Costume Designer Patricia Field was a genius. Her approach to fashion was credited for changing the way an entire generation of women viewed – and still view – clothes. She didn’t follow trends, she made them. And she made them to last. Her philosophy valued ‘eclecticism, creative expression and an understanding of oneself’. It was, and is, eternal. And it went over and above any label-led ‘season’. That is why – a decade on – SATC’s fashion is still in fashion. And so is its most talked about element: shoes.The shoes of SATC were the most important part of any outfit and we could probably wear each pair quite happily today. Shoes were Carrie’s obsession. Her addiction. Her ‘little substance abuse problem’. Sandals, pumps, stilettoes, Carrie did everything in them. Running, scootering – dragging luggage up the staircase of a countryside cabin – everything. So unsurprisingly, there are a number of unforgettable shoe moments. Here, we look back at the most iconic…This moment was brought to us via Sex and the City, The Movie – not the series itself, but, errrrr, like that matters. Because when Big kneels down – in that gigantic, empty, excellently lit penthouse walk-in closet – and proposes to Carrie with a blue satin and brooch bejewelled Hangisi Manolo Blahnik pump, engagement rings went straight out of fashion.When Carrie takes a wrong turn – looking for 'the right shoes' – she finds herself held up at gunpoint. It's not just her bag (sorry, 'baguette') that the robber relieves her of. He also takes her watch, her ring… and her favourite pair of Manolos, purchased – half price – at a sample sale. The humiliation of having to walk barefoot around the streets of New York was compounded for Carrie by the fact she was lumbered with a pair of Miranda's oversized (label-less) white courts to go home in. Talk about bad to worse.It's not the most pleasant SATC shoe moment. But it is unforgettable. When a shop assistant gets turned on by the sight of Charlotte trying on shoes, we were horrified. But she got a pair of free heels out of it so we're sort of… jealous. (Is that allowed?!)We wouldn't want to walk down a runway ahead of Heidi Klum either. We'd probably demand a pair of 'big gal shoes' for the moment too. Unlike Carrie though, we'd make darn sure we could walk in them. Like, walk-in-them-like-they-were-Nike-Airs-type walk in them. Because morphing into 'fashion roadkill' on the catwalk is not a label we'd ever want to wear.What's great about this moment isn't that the 'other shoe dropped' and Carrie has 'kinda hot' sex with Jack Berger. It's that Carrie's style momentarily transitions to a whole new wardrobe – Samantha's.She'd just spent the evening with politician Bill Kelley – aka John Slattery, aka the future Roger Sterling from Mad Men – and for some inexplicable reason she decides she must take the ferry home and not his BMW with a working heater. She arrives at the Staten Island riverside a minute too late and in her mad dash for the boat, loses a shoe. 'Wait! Wait! I lost my Choo!'SATC gold.'I've spent $40,000 on shoes and I have no place to live? I will literally be the old woman who lived in her shoes'.We remember this moment because it's outrageous. Who could spend $40,000 on shoes? But then we remember our own shoe shelves. And the damn fine designer footwear on display there. And then we're at one with Carrie. Who needs a home anyway?And speaking of Samantha, there are so many great Samantha-shoe moments we'd exhaust ourselves trying to list them all. The ones that remain at the forefront of our minds, however, are the times where – confoundingly – she keeps her shoes on… When she strips down to all but a pair of gold strappy stilettoes on that rooftop with Richard Wright; when she makes her way through hay to milk a cow in pink sandals; when she falls off a sidewalk wearing Perspex mules yet continues to wear heels on the one foot not clamped in a protective boot… Yes, Samantha's dedication to footwear could almost rival Carrie's. Almost…So Big announces he is leaving New York and Carrie goes on a 'final' date with him (ya huh). As part of her master plan to lure him into the bedroom, she purchases an outlandish pair of pink, frilled sandals by Christian Louboutin that she had discovered whilst out shopping with Samantha. The lasting memory we have of them, however, is not the sight of them in the shop window, nor the energy with which they were kicked off in the throes of passion. It's when Miranda's water breaks all over them shortly before she gives birth. Nice.When we first watched this episode we were teenagers. We didn't get it. Now, we get it.It IS unfair that if you're single and in your thirties you are expected to spend a fortune on coupled-up women's life choices – their hens, their weddings, their baby showers – and get 'bubkes' in return, as Carrie points out.When Carrie arrives at Kyra and Chuck's 'new baby' party – with that gigantic L'il Me chair – she has to leave her brand new Manolos at the door. They get stolen and she gets… nothing. Nada. Actually that's wrong, she gets 'shoe-shamed'. We'd register at Manolos and get that woman to pay up also.'Manolo Blahnik Mary Janes. I thought these were an urban shoe myth,' Carrie says to Vogue hotshot Julian in the accessories closet. We thought the same, because at the time (2002) they hadn't been seen around town for eight years. Some of us had never even heard of them (shhh). But when she finds them – and squeezes her size 7 feet into them – we totally got it. Those were a pair of heels worth witnessing Julian in briefs and knee-high socks for.Carrie opts for a pair of knee-high stiletto boots for a visit to Dior...which doesn't end up very well for her. Carrie hits the snowy streets of New York City for a New Year's Eve party in her pajamas and a pair of white booties. Not completely weather-appropriate, but at least she's not wearing slippers. On a trip to LA, Carrie opts to wear two differently coloured heels. Maybe she got dressed in the dark?The downside is that Big leaves Carrie at the altar.The upside is her shoes are amazing. Life's about compromises!Carrie meets Big at the Central Park Boathouse and the two of them, along with Carrie's PVC mules, end up partaking in a bit of impromptu swimming. Dressing as a schoolgirl isn't normally something we'd be into, but this combination of white pumps and nude ankle socks really speaks to us. What, you don't walk your dog in kitten heels?While Carrie isn't technically wearing socks here, we thought it would be unacceptable for these rainbow-striped knee socks to go unnoticed. READ MORE: 31 Things You Didn't Know About Sex And The CityREAD MORE: This Is Why Sex And The City Almost Didn't Reveal Mr. Big's Real Name© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You’re desperate to crank up the central heating and have already cracked out the opaque tights. It’s official - autumn has arrived and, with it, a new set of weather-related wardrobe questions. Is it too early for coats? Can I still get away with wearing sandals? And what’s the best garment for when it’s gloriously sunny one minute and grim AF the next? The answers are as follows - yes, no unless it’s Birkenstocks with cable-knit socks and: a polo neck.The street-stylers at Paris Fashion Week were well-versed in the polo neck, layering slimline styles with leather coats and tucking them underneath all-in-ones. Gigi Hadid added hers to one of autumn’s easiest outfit combos - a blazer, jeans and square-toed boots - while the model Indira Scott wore a mesh turtleneck with white track pants and trainers.You want a polo neck in a fine-gauge knit or ribbed cotton, with a super-snug fit, to maximise its layering potential. Fashion editors swear by Uniqlo’s £9.90 version, which comes in a multitude of wear-with-anything neutrals, but are also partial to a bit of pattern. & Other Stories’s psychedelic swirl print, Ganni’s bright blue blossoms and H&M’s zebra stripes are all on point. Wear yours with high-waisted leather trousers and a denim jacket now, and just add a belted wool coat and track-soled boots when the cold snap arrives. Autumn = sorted.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s officially Paris Fashion Week (aka week four of show season), but make no mistake about it: the street-stylers are showing no signs of fashion fatigue. Their suitcases won’t be a jumble of mismatched tops, bottoms and coats. Oh no. It’ll be a military operation of outfit planning, shoe coordination and earring strategization.Also, it might be the city of lights, but the Parisian weather forecast is looking distinctly ‘meh’ for the kick off of seven straight days of shows. Don’t expect cagoules and knee-high wellies, but is it too much to hope that we might learn - finally! - how to style out sheet rain? Here’s hoping. Keep scrolling for our favourite looks.Head-to-toe black is back, according to Monica Bellucci. Another natty knit, this time paired with a full-skirted kilt and Bottega Veneta's quilted pumps. We want it all. Susie Lau is master of the print clash in paisley and pink blossoms. Swap your biker jacket for a belted and oversized cover-up this autumn A polo neck and stomper boots are all we want to wear now it's chilly out. This is a favourite combo of fashion editors. Take a pair of wide-leg jeans, tuck in a polo neck and throw on a vinyl trench. Snake print (almost) becomes a neutral when worn with a white tank and boots. Pared-back chic goes with Paris like butter on a baguette so expect to see plenty of blazers and denim. Why wear beige gabardine when you could wear a vinyl trench in turquoise? Bottega Veneta's leather culottes are still a street-styler favourite. Head-to-toe black is back, according to Monica Bellucci. A bucket hat, trimmed with black net, is the most stylish way to beat this soggy weather. A wafty tulle dress just needs a trucker jacket to look a little more tough-girl. It's officially game-on for Paris's It bag watch. First up? The Dior Saddle. Dreamy. Paris is the luxe ribbon-on-top end to the madness that is fashion month and Therese is certainly channeling luxe in her buttery leather shirt mixed with elegant accessories.Nothing says Parisian chic more than Chloe Harrouche in elegant head-to-toe monchrome with gold accents.Annabel Rosendahl makes a case for heritage dressing and head scarves while attending the Dries Van Noten show during PFW.The bucket hat strikes again, and this time mixed with sporty separates. Add shape to oversized tailoring with the cool girls take on a classic corseted waist.Is it a shirt? Is it a jumper? Who knows, but we're here for it.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is it just us, or is everyone dressing like Marie Antoinette at the moment? Whether it's a renaissance neckline, zipped-in bodice or some statement volume sleeves, everyone seems to be drawing their wardrobe inspiration from Keira Knightley in The Duchess. Even as we traverse into the windier, wetter months (arguably not the best time to be out and about in a rib-skimming corseted top), our love for some 18th-century-France shows no sign of slowing down - with the most hallowed of Instagram feeds sporting ruffled cuffs and boned bodices.It seems Bella Hadid is on board with the trend, too. Our obsession with everything Baroque - sartorially speaking - was bought to a climax when she walked the catwalk yesterday, in an 18th-century creation by Vivienne Westwood.The capacious wedding gown was accessorised with a huge white parasol, statement gold-disk earrings and her hair, achieved by Sam McKnight, echoed the decadent theme of the ensemble with a slicked-back top and two delicate rolls either side of her head.'There’s a little touch of 18th century with the rolls on the side of the hair on top of a very simple ponytail', McKnight said as he crafted the hairstyle, adding that with the other models he'd aimed to achieve something similar. 'Some girls have two or three rolls, some have four, it depends on the girl and the amount of hair they have.'Are you sensing a hair trend in its infancy? Best start stocking up the pomade and ribbons now...Despite recently breaking up with The Weeknd, Bella made it clear she's thinking ahead to future relationships, by revealing that she's picked up some wedding inspiration from modelling the design. Speaking about the dress in an interview filmed backstage, the 22-year-old model said 'I always said I would have to get Vivienne Westwood to make my wedding gown and, we're here!'She also confessed that she's just as partial to some over-the-top renaissance dressing at the moment as we are, adding 'Vivienne has been one of my idols for a very, very long time. I get to wear the most beautiful wedding gown and I think this may actually have to be my real wedding gown.' We're taking this as scientific proof that walking down the catwalk in a fluffy white dress by Vivian Westwood is the balm to any break-up.It's been an astonishingly busy Paris Fashion Week for Bella - who in addition to closing the Vivienne Westwood show has walked for Fendi, Lanvin, Missoni and Mugler in a sheer body stocking.As PFW SS2020 draws to a close, We predict she's going to be turning on her OOO and taking a well-earned holiday. And in the meantime, we can only thank Vivienne Westwood for the numbers of people who are be planning their Marie-Antoinette themed weddings on Pinterest as we speak - including us.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the day itself is usually goes by without a hitch, the wedding planning process can be testing. From finalising food and flowers to finding the perfect dress, modern brides have a lot to consider in the run up to their big day. The last thing you need is months spent trying to convince a gaggle of your closest friends to wear a frock that both you, and they, loathe (it was the only one you thought might not make them all simultaneously burst into tears).Harder still? Organising a shopping trip, en masse, to find something (anything!) better than the previous attempt that's within budget. Take it from us, a universally suitable date for everyone to trot off to the local shopping centre to try on a load of tulle and taffeta simply does not exist.In an attempt to simplify this seemingly impossible task, we've gathered together the very best, affordable options available to shop right now. From simple navy gowns fit for winter weddings to floral fancies ideal for July and August nuptials. Scroll through the galleries below to find something suitable for your bridal entourage.Darker shades work well for winter weddings. Think navy, burgundy and forest green. Longer styles provide a little more warmth and, if they are relatively simple, your bridesmaids will find they can don their dresses again and again for years to come. Think cost per wear - they'll thank you later.Historically floral prints have been more commonly worn by wedding guests, but recently, botanical bridesmaid dresses have become increasingly popular. A subtle print makes for a lovely contrast between the bride and her entourage. Plus, they require little in the way of accessorising - a pretty sandal will suffice.Pink is a consistently popular colour for bridesmaid dressing. Softer hues in particular photograph beautifully and complement all complexions. We love the idea of each bridesmaid wearing a slightly different variation on a blush tone.Rainbow dressing is on the up for bridesmaids too. And no, we don't necessarily mean actual rainbow dresses (although Olivia Rubin could quite easily convince us otherwise). Why not try a different colour for each friend? Keeping to a pale, pastel palette will ensure that one dress doesn't overtake another.There's no harm in adding a little glitz to your big day - it is a wedding after all. Black tie affairs and after parties are a good excuse for embellished bridesmaid dresses - they look great on the dance floor.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kim Kardashian's shapewear line had a controversial start. Originally it was going to be called Kimono, but after an outcry from people all over the world, especially in Japan, she switched the title to Skims. Now, clearly not trying to play it safe, Kim has released a waist-trainer.All of the KUWTK family have been open about their love of waist trainers, wearing them to work-out, around the house and as part of their routine. But what do these things actually do? Do they work? And most importantly: are they safe?Not really. It's not like a traditional corset, which uses steel (or if you're a Victorian, bone), to pull you in at the waist. Kim's waist trainers are made of neoprene, which is a tough fabric but not anywhere near as aggressive as a full corset.Some people wear them while they work out in an attempt to get a smaller waist. Which is entirely your call, but is extremely unlikely to work. It's not possible to lose weight from a specific part of your body (called spot reducing). The only way to get a smaller waist is to lose weight from your entire body.Hard to say.Generally speaking, unless you wear a super-aggressive one 24/7, it's not going to make a difference to the shape of your body, and doing that would be dangerous, uncomfortable and kind of unhygienic.Dr Galyna Selezneva, an medical doctor at the Dr Rita Rakus clinic in London, told the Huffington Post: 'Formal corset training takes year of dedication and is not a quick fix to achieve a small waist. People such as Dita Von Teese have spent years training their body and waist through proper use of corsets.'A waist trainer might temporarily give the impression of a smaller waist when you take it off.You can also wear one underneath your clothes, which might enhance your waist. But you're adding bulk by putting one on, so if you want a smooth line, you might be better off with more traditional types of shapewear.Ish. Dr Mary Jane Minkin, from the Yale school of medicine says: 'Once you take the garment off, your body will return to its usual shape. It's also uncomfortable, restricts your movements, and if you wear it really tight, it can even make it difficult to breathe and theoretically could cause rib damage.'Most of the waist-training companies online suggest wearing it for 3-4 hours a day, which sounds like a lot.Complicated feminist question, shapewear. Of course we should all feel that we can wear our clothes freely and without worrying. But we've all grown up in an image obsessed society, so sometimes putting on shapewear can make you feel happier and more confident, and you certainly shouldn't feel guilty about that. We love Heist's latest shapewear, which supports you without causing discomfort. As a general rule, as long as you're not obsessed or addicted to your shapewear, and you're not wearing it excessively tightly or all of the time, you should feel free to enjoy it. If it starts to hurt or restrict your breathing, take it off.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sarah Jessica Parker made a colourful exit from a New York City apartment last night and for one short, joyful moment we thought that the notorious third installment of the Sex and The City movie franchise might finally have been green lit.Alas, this was just another day in the life of SJP. Pictured en route to the New york City Ballet Gala, the award-winning actress wore a voluminous, corseted fuschia gown by fashion designer Zac Posen (the man responsible for Princess Eugenie's second wedding look). And with one swish of hot pink taffeta we were immediately transported back in time to season 6 of the hugely popular show, specifically to that Oscar de la Renta dress Carrie famously wore (you know, the one gifted to her by Aleksandr Petrovsky for their imminent opera date).And this wasn't the only blatant reference to Carrie's eclectic wardrobe (the brainchild of stylist and costume designer Patricia Field). In episode 13 of season 3, Carrie wears a pair mismatched Christian Louboutin heels - one blue and the other pink - for no particular reason. Look carefully and you'll see that SJP's sporting an embellished slingback on one foot and a lime green satin sandal on the other. We can't guarantee this is a trend that's going to take off, but it's exactly the kind of style conundrum we wanted to dissect on a Friday morning.Long live Carrie, and her deliciously inexplicable wardrobe choices.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The jewellery designer Shaun Leane has had quite a day of fielding phone calls after news dropped this morning that he had been personally chosen by Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi to design Princess Beatrice’s engagement ring. But he can finally breathe a sigh of relief. He’s heard from the groom and the bride, thankfully, is ‘over the moon’. ‘My first question is always, ‘Are they happy and does it fit?!’ says Shaun. ‘She loves the ring and she’s so happy.’Edoardo found Shaun after a friend’s recommendation. ‘He was suggested to me by a very close friend of his, who I made an engagement ring and wedding ring for,’ he tells me and describes the commision as ‘an honour’. ‘This was special, I must admit, this was special,’ says Shaun. ‘Edo was a lovely gentleman and was so passionate about it.’It’s certainly a special ring, with a round diamond at the centre and twin baguette diamonds set either side. ‘He knew that he wanted a round stone and he really wanted me to incorporate elements of them both into the ring,’ says Shaun. ‘That’s why the design ended up being a fusion of two eras because Princess Beatrice likes the Victorian aesthetic in jewellery and Edo likes the Art Deco.’Shaun has been a firm favourite of the fashion pack since working with Alexander McQueen for 20 years and crafting pieces like a white-gold diamond glove for Daphne Guinness, but has since attracted a royal fan club. The Duchess of Sussex is a repeat-wearer of his Talon earrings, in silver and gold vermeil, and his Serpents Trace bracelet. ‘Meghan is so elegant, so confident, so beautiful - she’s everything the Shaun Leane woman is,’ says Shaun, while also admitting that getting the royal assent was a game-changing moment for his business. ‘When you have celebrities wearing your jewellery, you get these spikes and this amazing attention. When someone like Meghan or Princess Beatrice wears your work, it’s a totally different energy. You obviously get a spike, but that spike lasts a lot longer. It really does reach a much larger global audience.’Now the ring's sorted, there's only one question worth asking. Who's going to design the dress?Prince William doesn't wear a wedding ring, apparently, according to the palace, because of 'personal preference. His brother Harry does however wear one. Celebrities who don't wear wedding rings 2of6Prince William doesn't wear a wedding ring, apparently, according to the palace, because of 'personal preference. His brother Harry does however wear one. Neither Will nor Jada wear wedding rings, but they've been married since 1997, so it doesn't seem to be causing them any major problems. David and Sam Cam have been married since 1996, but he doesn't wear a wedding ring. When he was PM people made quite a lot out of the fact that he wore neither a ring nor a watch. Neither Bey nor Jay wears a wedding ring. They've never said why. Olivia Palermo doesn't wear a wedding ring, though she does wear her canary yellow engagement ring. It's possible that the stone on the engagement ring is too big to fit a wedding band with it. Donald Trump doesn't wear a wedding ring, and neither does his daughter Ivanka. She does wear a ring on her right ring finger, which may well serve the same purpose. In some cultures the right ring finger is for your wedding ring, rather than the right. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every year there comes a moment, usually somewhere around late September, when you step outside and realise it’s time to succumb to the coat. You’ve managed two days pretending it’s mild enough to go without, and shivered your way to and from Pret on your lunch break, but enough is enough. Winter is coming.Of course, a winter coat can be quite the investment. And while we’ll admit it’s an important sartorial choice, it doesn’t have to break the bank. The Great British High Street is prepared for the coming, cooler months and is currently awash with cosy, affordable options.We’ve sifted through the lot and created an edit of the top 20 winter coats to buy right now. From H&M’s glamorous belted faux fur number (which will be a dream come party season) to French Connection’s office-worthy, colour-block ‘Carmelita’ design, there’s something for all occasions. Scroll through the gallery below to find your payday treat.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...H&M is undisputed master of the high-street fashion collaboration. From Stella McCartney in 2005 to Giambattista Valli earlier this year, we’re constantly on the alert for what’s next.Enter Pringle of Scotland. The heritage label best known for its luxurious knitwear. Instantly recognisable diamond-patterned sweaters, in particular, gained cult status over the years, thanks to their popularity among royalty, namely Princess Grace of Monaco and our very own Queen Elizabeth II. During the London years, Madonna barely took hers off as she flitted between pilates classes.So, what can we expect from the collection? There’s a strong athleisure presence throughout (unsurprising given the brand’s historic links to the world of golf) with lots of logo-embellished separates – monochrome leggings, sweaters, t-shirts and hoodies. It’s clear that fabrics have been carefully considered too. Head of Design Womenswear at H&M Maria Östblom says, 'I’m proud that we have managed to employ a range of recycled polyesters, wools and organic cottons.'Traditional fans of the brand will want in on the highland argyle jumpers (and one brilliant co-ordinating midi skirt – a potentially perfect office piece), not to mention the chunky jacquard roll neck with voluminous grey sleeves. There are accessories, too; branded scarves, beanies and (wait for it) dog sweaters, that will make for fun, affordable stocking fillers this coming festive season.Prices range from £6.99 - £39.99 and the collection be available in stores and online from 9am, 3 October 2019.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tailoring is certainly nothing new for the house of Saint Laurent. Its founder, Yves Saint Laurent, invented the famous 'Le Smoking' tuxedo, adored by the likes of Bianca Jagger and Catherine Deneuve. It was the first high-fashion trouser suit designed specifically for women, which gained notoriety following a series of images shot by famed fashion photographer Helmut Newton.Yesterday, the French fashion house showcased its SS20 collection in Place de Varsovie at Paris Fashion Week and it was clear that Creative Director Anthony Vaccarello had his predecessor's iconic work in mind.Supermodels including Kaia Gerber, Liya kebede and, of course, the inimitable Naomi Campbell stormed the catwalk in lots of impressive tailoring. Blazers ranged from the very heavily embellished to boxy double-breasted designs, which looked amazing worn over sheer black shirting.We've picked out the blazer styles we think will catch on this season and created a shoppable edit of similar pieces you can shop right now below.Naomi Campbell closed the show in a head-to-toe sequin trouser suit and Instagram immediately went wild. A sparkling blazer will elevate any evening look and as we (timidly) approach party season, it will become a go-to piece for jazzing up your everyday black-jeans-and-boots combo.A cropped blazer is a good option if you don't want a jacket to totally overtake your look. Wear it open over a pussybow blouse as it was styled on the catwalk.Double-breasted styles are the most effortless of all the blazers. They look best slightly oversized - undone over a T-shirt by day and fastened with next to nothing underneath by night (a silky camisole will do if you're after a little more coverage).Opt for a velvet blazer to add a little texture to your look. It's a classic party season favourite, but it'll look just as good worn over a midi dress for the office.Buy into the belted blazer trend to create a shapely silhouette. And don't forget to style it the 'fashion' way by ignoring the buckle and simply knotting the belt slightly off-centre.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Industry insiders and practised high-street shoppers alike wait with bated breath each season for the Uniqlo U collection to drop. The brainchild of Artistic Director Christophe Lemaire, the pieces are everything you'd expect from the much loved, minimalist brand, but with a slightly more sophisticated, considered feel.You'll find all your wardrobe staples for the coming, cooler months (alongside menswear and accessories). For work, there are midi dresses in shades of green, berry and chestnut brown that’ll look great with this season’s knee-high boots. The A-line skirts in various lengths and muted tones, as well as the wide-leg tailored trousers, can easily be teamed with the shirts and shirred blouses for a chic, understated office look.Most exciting is the outerwear. There’s a coat for all occasions: a flattering belted Chesterfield that cinches the waist; padded parka styles that the brand have become known for, which are perfect for frosty weekend walks. And we love the BLOCHTECH (a soft 'waterproof, windproof and breathable' fabric) checked mac, which we’ll be wearing on repeat with high waisted jeans and trainers.As usual there’s plenty in the way of knitwear. Oversized cardis for the Katie Holmes fans (sadly nomatching bra, although it’s perhaps a tad nippy for all that now), slouchy V-neck sweaters and an extra fine merino wool number that is perfect for layering. Scroll through the gallery below to find exactly what you want, if past Uniqlo U launches are anything to go by, this stuff won’t hang around for long. Prices range from £9.90-£159.90 and it's all online here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you hear 'The White Company', you probably think candles, bedding, walking around the shop feeling like you've got sticky fingers and wishing that your entire house could look that chic. But it turns out, The White Company don't just do very expensive, very beautiful homeware. They also do clothes.Their autumn/winter pieces are starting to arrive on site and in store, and they're really gorgeous. We're particularly into the shoes: classic ankle boots, great loafers and a pair of pointed-toe kitten heel boots which look like they'd cost twice their actual price.Shop our gallery below to see our favourite pics from the White Company clothing & accessories line.Shop the our favourites from the White Company, autumn 20192of7© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...September dressing is hard enough as it is, having to ditch the ditsy dresses we've been living in for months. And let's face it, this week's torrential rain isn't making it any easier. The weather forecast is wetter than ever, so we've put together a concise, capsule wardrobe for all your rainy day needs. From protective outerwear and practical accessories to the only pair of waterproof boots you need to know about (a sort of wellie-chelsea hybrid - you've got to see it to get it), we've created a shoppable edit of everything you need to make getting dressed manageable, for at least the next week or so...This cotton-canvas mac will keep you dry and cool in milder climesSustainable and waterproof? The only trans-seasonal accessory you need right nowIs it us, or did wellies just get really kind of cool?Uniqlo's 'Ultra Light' gilet is perfect for this time of year when it's not yet cold enough for a padded coat We not quite ready for tights, so in the meantime slip these under chunky boots for extra warmthThese cargo pants are tapered so you can wave goodbye to soggy hems! A chunky jumper will be too hot at the moment - you're much better off layering a lightweight knit like this one from M&SThere's never been a better time to invest in a chic brolly - this one will complement any outfit Keep your essentials dry and zipped away in Balenicaga's nylon belt bag Black trainers hide a multitude of scuffs. Plus, you can wipe these clean post-commute© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kate Moss stepped out in Paris yesterday wearing a metallic leopard print dress, expertly paired with minimal accessories to let the frock do the talking.Kate has long since been an animal print devotee and her appearance prompted us to take a stylish trip down memory lane to find her very best leopard looks. Barely a year has gone past without her sporting her iconic vintage jacket, which over time has spawned many a high street dupe. But the supermodel has also worn handbags, heels, tops and full length coats covered in the stuff, proving that the print never dates.Scroll down to shop our edit of the best leopard print must-haves to buy now and wear forever.Out and about in the French capital from Paris Fashion WeekIn Paris again exposing just a flash of leopard underneath a belted jacket We're here for this Paris uniform: printed jacket, wide leg trousers and box fresh sneakers Out and about in London proving that leopard looks just as chic in shades of grey One of Kate's countless leopard print jackets Proving you don't have to wear it head-to-toe to make a statement - a neat clutch will sufficeAnother day another leopard print jacket...The supermodel loves leopard so much she teamed this printed dress with a pair of matching heelsCelebrating her 30th birthday in a yellow dress, mary-jane's and that trust coat Bracing the New York chill pairing her printed jacket with jeans and bootsWearing a silky leopard print jacket earlier this yearSharp shoulders for a perfume launch in London© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Nailing AW19’s sophisticated mood is no easy feat, but luckily Next has made it easy for us by taking tailoring out of office and giving it wear-everywhere appeal. Neat blazers and languid trousers work as hard as you do, and look as good off-duty as they do in the office. Need ideas on how to style tailored pieces for this season and beyond? We've got you covered...Credit: Red argyle sweater £28; Wide leg trousers £40 (coming soon); Patent sock boots £45; Faux fur bag £28; all from Next.Modern tailoring makes a bold statement, and so do vibrant red tones like those in Next's latest collection. Opt for an accent or take your hue from the catwalk and wear head-to-toe for a standout look. Rich cream and caramel tones will also add some sophistication this season, so be sure to work those into your AW19 palette, too.Credit: Pleated dress £46; Navy check blazer £40; Boots, £65; all from Next.To tone down a formal outfit, layer your tailored pieces over casual clothing. Think thin blazers over maxi dresses and slogan tees. For added cool girl points, roll up the sleeves too. And remember, on-trend accessories can help dial up or dial down your look.Credit: Blazer £50; Tapered trousers £28; Roll neck £18; Block heel boots £79; Coat, £75; Earrings £10; all from Next.Tailored outerwear also takes centre stage this season. If you invest in one thing, make it a classic yet contemporary wool overcoats, which you can layer over a tailored suit. Wear all winter long – and for many more to come.Credit: Funnel neck check jumper £32; Emma Willis paperbag trousers £46; all from Next.With their relaxed cuts, these modern tailoring pieces prove that suiting doesn’t have to be stuffy. Simply swap blouses and heels for chunky knits and boots to make your outfit look understated yet elegant. Paperbag trousers should also make an appearance in your new season wardrobe, thanks to their timeless high-waisted feature. We love.How To Nail Wear-Everywhere Tailoring This AW192of18All of the items featured here are available at next.co.uk. Shop by midnight for next day delivery as standard for £3.99*.*All stock subject to availability. Delivery exclusions apply. Check next.co.uk for full terms and conditions.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Meghan Markle has long been a fan of the little black dress. But when she married Prince Harry in 2018, one would have been forgiven for thinking that her days of turning up to film premieres in black mini dresses were over.Royal protocol suggests that wearing black should generally be avoided, outside of a funeral setting, or the very occasional evening dress (The Duchess of Cambridge has opted for patterned black gowns on the red carpet in the past) and you can forget the hue entirely for daytime events and weddings.Despite the fact that her critics will take any opportunity to complain about Meghan, she hasn't bowed to pressure to ditch the LBD continues to shun tradition in favour of the trusty wardrobe staple.Just last weekend she made a show-stopping appearance at her friend Misha Noonoo’s Rome wedding wearing a sheer black embellished-tulle gown from Valentino’s SS19 collection. The dress, which the Meghan paired with statement earrings and her signature undone up-do, retails at a staggering £8,900.This isn’t the first time that Meghan has eschewed tradition. She famously sported dark nail polish at The Fashion Awards last year (it is said that The Queen favours subtler tones) and who could forget the £56,000 black Ralph & Russo haute couture gown she wore for her official engagement photos? Quite a departure from the Reiss ‘Nannette’ dress that Kate Middleton wore for hers in 2010.As ever, we’re a fan of Meghan’s glamorous and refreshing approach dressing in and amongst royal circles. Scroll through the gallery below to see the many black dresses of Meghan Markle…At an awards dinner in October 2011A sweetheart neckline for a June 2012 outing Pictured on the red carpet in June 2012Strapless for an event in 2013In a black mini dress, November 2013Ladylike in a black midi and matching pumps, October 2014An off-shoulder number for a red carpet appearance in March 2015Wearing a leather jacket over an LBD in May 2016A strapless LBD for a June 2016 appearance That £56k Ralph & Russo couture gown Meghan wore for her engagement photo shootWearing a Judith & Charles dress to meet the cast of 'Hamilton' in 2018Wearing a dress by Black Halo in April 2018In velvet-panelled Givenchy design for her first solo royal outing in September 2018In Givenchy again at The Fashion Awards in 2018 where she presented her wedding dress designer, Clare Waight Keller with an awardAnother Givenchy ensemble in January 2019Meghan wearing a Jason Wu dress for The Lion King premiere in JulyThe SS19 Valentino gown Meghan wore to Misha Noonoo's wedding rehearsal dinner last weekend © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Red and pink isn't necessarily a colour combination that automatically makes you think 'fashion'. There have however been a number of chic red carpet and catwalk moments over the last few years that have made us rethink our initial stance on pairing the two hues together. Case in point: Attico's SS17 red and pink wrap-dress-come-duster-coat that was seen on a whole host of street stylers for months, and who could forget Claire Foy at last year's Venice Film Festival clad in Valentino Haute Couture? But it was last night's Emmy Awards that really breathed new life into the trend. A total of six women graced the carpet in swathes of red and pink including Kendall Jenner inLondon Fashion Week's own Richard Quinn, and a dazzling Taraji P. Henson who gave a masterclass in colour-blocking wearing Vera Wang. Scroll through the gallery below to shop the feel-good look right now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Milan Fashion Week always delivers big on fashion fantasy. So it takes a confident designer to eschew the bold, bombastic and bizarre and instead let the drape of a satisfyingly heavy silk midi dress or the slightly dropped shoulder of a bonded cotton safari jacket speak for themselves.BOSS’s chief brand officer Ingo Wilts is one such designer. SS20 marks a seminal season for the German brand, which decamped from New York Fashion Week – where the womenswear line has been shown for the last 10 seasons – to Milan.Despite the relocation, however, a New York state of mind continues to pervade the womenswear and menswear offerings primarily in the crisp, clean designs which owe much to the minimal ease of American sportswear. Unsurprisingly, tailoring is as excellent as ever with two key silhouettes ruling: long-line, loose blazers with slim trousers, or cropped jackets designed to be worn with a wider, more relaxed pant. ‘I want to give the woman new ideas of tailoring,’ Wilts explained backstage before the Sunday morning show.Those new ideas involved exploring the ‘casualisation’ of our wardrobes. ‘But in a more tailored way, which is right for Boss,’ he qualified. So, a hoodie is slipped underneath a sleek jacket and generous, throw-on-and-go coat comes in a luxurious bonded sky blue leather.This quiet sense of contrast continues throughout the collection. Peppy primaries, including a soft yellow inspired by the rising sun bouncing off New York skyscrapers (an upshot of jetlag, quipped Wilts), are mixed with expensive looking neutrals. Accessories add just the right amount of playfulness to classic looks (I’d strongly urge you to take note of BOSS’s excellent eyewear collection).Pieces are designed to be mixed and matched, a move which plays into Wilts’ ambitions for this collection – which has been named BOSS Individuals – namely to embrace personal style. Wilts doesn’t like telling his customer how they should wear something. He does however, know how he wants them to feel. ‘She should feel luxurious, elegant but also kind of sexy,’ he explained – it hardly needs adding that in none of these ways does he mean obviously so.He also knows that the BOSS woman is smart, self-aware and as confident as he is. So, the pieces in this collection are designed to feel relevant not just now but next year, the following year, and so on. ‘Our collection should be timeless,’ explained Wilts That should appeal to the conscious shopper, who is increasingly happy to eschew headlining trends for building a forever wardrobe. At a time when fashion is taking sustainability seriously – that is a pertinent message to take away.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Emmys are undoubtedly the biggest night in television - but the American TV awards are also one of the most dazzling nights on the fashion calendar, with stars of the small screen ensuring their outfits are worthy of all the trophies.Thankfully, this year’s ceremony - which took place on Sunday night in Los Angeles - did not disappoint, with celebs - including Zendaya, Sandra Oh, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jodie Comer and the cast of Queer Eye - absolutely slaying the purple carpet.It goes without saying that Pose's Billy Porter dressed suitably fabulous for his first Emmy win, dazzling in a £150,000 Michael Kors suit, complete with an oversized hat, as he picked up the gong for Lead Actor in a Drama series. Special mention also goes to Gwendoline Christie who sent the internet into meltdown over her 'Jesus-inspired' Gucci look. (As one fan tweeted, 'Gwendoline Christie yet again proves herself iconic, this is indeed a historical event for us.') Meanwhile, Kim Kardashian, who presented an award with her sister Kendall, went for a slightly more understated ensemble, opting for a simple black fishtail gown. Kendall, on the other hand, decided to layer a floral ballgown with a black PVC turtleneck.Much to our delight, the big winner of the night was Fleabag's Phoebe Waller-Bridge, who took home the prize for best leading comedy actress, best comedy series and best comedy writing. Unsurprisingly, after her win at the Baftas for best actress, Jodie Comer also won best leading drama actress for playing Villanelle in Killing Eve.We round up the very best looks from the 2019 Emmy Awards in the gallery below:Credit: GettyThe internet went into meltdown over the Game of Thrones star's 'Jesus inspired' look, straight from Gucci's Resort 2020 runway. Credit: GettyViola presented the award for Supporting Actor in a Drama Series while wearing sneakers. What an icon. Credit: GettyThe Fleabag creator truly did look the star of the show in her Monique Lhuillier gown. Credit: GettyKilling Eve's Jodie Comer killed it in Tom Ford. (Do you see what we did there?!) Credit: GettyA few celebrities opted for a pink and red look this year, and Mandy Moore absolutely nailed it. Credit: GettyThe Russian Doll star looked incredible in golden Gucci. Credit: GettyThe Game of Thrones actress ditched her pink locks, going back to her brunette roots while wearing this stunning JW Anderson gown. Credit: GettyKilling Eve star Sandra Oh looked pretty in pink in this Zac Posen sweetheart dress. Credit: GettyMichelle Williams took home the award for her portrayal of Broadway dancer Gwen Verdon in Fosse/Verdon, but her Louis Vuitton dress could have won an award all by itself. Credit: GettyThis embellished Dior gown is every colour of the rainbow. Credit: GettyA pink floral suit1 Yas! Credit: GettyLouis Vuitton and diamonds make up this dreamy look worn by the Game of Thrones star. Credit: GettyAfter the cast's unforgettable #look last year, the Fab Five - sadly this year without JVN - stepped up their game. Credit: GettyZendaya in a euphoric Custom Vera Wang Collection green corset dress. Need we say anymore?! Credit: GettyThe Game of Thrones actress proved her Khaleesi status in this gorgeous low-cut Valentino gown.Credit: GettyObviously, it's not a best dressed list if Billy Porter doesn't appear. Here, he stuns in a £150,000 Michael Kors suit. Credit: GettyThe KUWTK stars both went for maxi gowns, but Kendall decided to layer hers with a PVC turtleneck. Credit: GettyOur favourite TV sister looked truly amazing in this white gown, complete with statement sleeves.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following days of Extinction Rebellion protests around the world, it seems the world of fashion is finally taking notice of the impact it's having on the environment.Danish label Ganni this week announced the introduction of Ganni Repeat, a rental service that allows customers to pay to borrow clothing and accessories items for one to three weeks. The customer will be able to rent the garment on repeat, or buy it outright if desired.It was announced on the label's Instagram account, with an image that read, 'Rent, rethink, reduce.' The caption explained, 'We’re on a mission to become circular and increase the lifecycle of our clothes wherever we can.'Rethink the way you refresh your wardrobe, rent on repeat.'Ganni covered all bases of the environmental impact the move will have, assuring fans, 'We’ll be carbon compensating the c02 emissions generated front rental deliveries. Wear it and share it.'The site is currently only available to customers in Denmark, but the label assured fans that once tested, the service will be available to international customers too. The launch of Ganni's exciting venture comes after shocking new statistics about the fashion industry have been released, revealing that we consume more items of clothing in the UK than any other European country.Research by Celtic&Co this year revealed that on the lifetime of a garment in the UK is estimated at just 2.2 years on average. It's also been revealed that around 350,000 tonnes worth of used but wearable clothing in the UK makes it way to land fill every year.READ MORE: How Do You Strike For A Social Issue Without Getting In Trouble At Work?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It might be spring on the catwalks right now, but we’re still more concerned about what to wear to work in September. This back-to-school month usually means a brand-new uniform and, this autumn, it’s not just the under-16s who can get involved. We've found four - based on what street-stylers have been wearing out and about - and are planning to wear them on rotation all autumn. The point is to keep each outfit pared-back, so you can throw it on and head out the door in two shakes. The best news? You might not even need to go shopping.Whether you're wearing a trouser suit. or a matching blazer and pleated skirt, why not park the button-down shirt? The street-stylers are favoring white tees. A wee heel will keep the look saying 'whip-smart'.We all have tons of black, navy and grey in our wardrobes, but why not dial up the fun-factor with a zingy colored co-ord?There's been a lot of love for leather over the past week. Our favourite iteration for the office, naturally, is wearing the stuff head-to-toe. Nanushka's all-in-one does the hard work for you, but Eva Chen's sleeveless belted jacket over matching trousers is also a 10/10 in our book.A list of fashion uniforms wouldn't be complete without Anna Wintour's printed floral dress with sensible sleeves. Add a block-heeled sandal now and a knee-high boot when the temperature drops.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Day 15 of fashion month, and it takes something great to get an exhausted fashion crowd excited. It requires something seriously special to get them up on their feet. But standing on their seats and whooping? That demands a capital-M-Megastar-moment.On Friday night in Milan, Versace delivered exactly that. As the last model circled the room, hundreds of images of Jennifer Lopez in that scrolled up on the walls in that precipitously plunging jungle print dress she wore to the Grammy Awards in 2000, as Donatella Versace’s voice boomed: ‘OK, Google, now show me the real thing’. And then… J.LO herself appeared, closing  the show in an updated (read: even more risqué) version the dress. Sashaying along the catwalk, wafting the chiffon train behind her, she looked as magnificent as ever. It was fashion at its most fun, fierce and fabulously camp. The crowd went wild; the energy in the room was electric.I hardly need tell you that, of course – you’ve already seen the images all over Instagram. It’s a fitting evolution for the iconic dress which is said to have inspired Google Image Search. 20 years ago, a time before Instagram and Twitter, smart phones and influencers, the then nascent Google was unable to handle the traffic generated from millions of people wanting to get a look at that dress.The J.LO moment was the perfect finale to a show which delivered big on high-octane, Friday night glamour. Running late ’90s glamour through a millennial filter, today’s supers – Gigi, Bella, Kendal, Kaia, Irina, Adut – plus 45-year old Amber Valletta, took to the runway in micro LBDs, power shoulders and wet-look fuchsia and lime dresses. The revived palm print was teased throughout the show: on slides, skirts, shorts and tees. Each look felt worth Instagramming in its own right (I predict the patterned tights and mask-like shades to go wild on the ‘gram next summer).But the night belonged to J.LO. Milan has been woefully lacking on body diversity, and while nothing about J.LO says ‘normal’ she is the owner of buffed, bronzed, goddess body that none the less, isn’t waif like. She is 50 years old and refuses to shrink away; her star is only getting brighter. She’s not just back in the dress, but a more revealing version of it. J.LO continues to exude the kind of force field A-list glamour that today’s young guns can only dream of.  And as for the rebooted palm dress? It shaped the Internet then – no doubt this time it will break it.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s always worth keeping an eye out for what models are wearing as they dart between shows during Fashion Month. Case in point: a newly blonde Kendall Jenner, who stepped out in Milan yesterday sporting a rugby shirt from the JW Anderson’s AW19 collection. A striped cotton number complete with a fresh white collar struck a chord with all of us at Grazia HQ, particularly as it was styled with a pair of ankle-grazing jeans and brown Birkenstocks (precisely the kind of footwear we’ve been celebrating this September).A rugby shirt is a great option for off-duty, when you want to be comfortable and effortlessly stylish. But you can dress them up too. Roll up the sleeves of Gant’s black and burgundy ‘rugger’, and add lots of chunky gold jewellery, swapping jeans for slick leather trousers.We’ve done the work for you and found the very best styles to shop now, from Wales Bonner’s blue AW19 design to Monki’s affordable beige and lilac version. Scroll through the options below to find your perfect fit.SHOP: The Best Rugby Shirts To Buy Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What happens when you invite one of the world’s greatest fashion photographers to roam and rummage for inspiration in the archives of a world-class museum? Three years in the making, with access not only to the artefacts in the 145 public galleries but also the private store rooms, the curators and conservation studios, subterranean passageways and even the seven-acre roof, has culminated in Tim Walker: Wonderful Things – the largest ever exhibition of his work, which opens this weekend at the Victoria & Albert Museum in London.‘It’s been incredible, like enrolling at some kind of magical university, studying history of art at Hogwarts,’ says Walker, who has made 150 new images inspired by his findings, from a luminous stained-glass window to a jewelled snuffbox. ‘Imagine corridors of boxes – ancient boxes within boxes – and you open them up wearing white gloves and discover Elizabeth I’s wallet; the actual wallet that she used – not that she probably handled much dosh – and it’s extraordinary! All these objects, they’re charged with history, and it just sets your belly barometer off. It’s spectacular, like finding a key!’For those who don’t yet know Tim Walker’s work, often seen beaming out of the pages of glossy magazines, he creates epic dreamscapes that involve anything from a snowstorm inside a stately home and a 30ft high doll crashing through a forest, to a model writhing in a water-filled tank, reclining in a glass bubble, or riding side-saddle through the sky on a lion. ‘I can visualise them in my head just like the next person might dream about them on the bus, the difference is that I can articulate these parallel worlds by working with talented set designers and fashion designers, amazing models, performers and artists,’ he says.You might imagine that the visionary photographer grew up in the kind of fairy-tale utopia he regularly brings to life, but he was born in ’70s Guildford and raised in the Dorset countryside, with not much to do except daydream. ‘It was very boring, so I guess I just resorted to an inner world. That’s where a lot of my lunatic ideas come from – complete daydreaming,’ he muses today, in his studio in London’s East End. He first picked up a camera aged 11, when he stole his brother’s Boots Instamatic, and one of his first subjects was bluebells. ‘That two-week window when they come out and this whole field of dead leaves is transformed into a shocking sea of blue.’Walker was always good at drawing, so he went to Exeter Art College, where he took up photography ‘once I got over the obstacle of mastering the technicality of a camera’. He graduated in 1994, moved to New York, and became the assistant of the legendary fashion photographer, Richard Avedon. ‘It was like being in the army; he was so fierce, a sort-of dictator, very demanding because he gave his life to his craft.’ Shoots were the equivalent of military battles to be conquered at all cost, but it was there Walker learned from Avedon how to communicate with his subjects. ‘When [Avedon] was shooting a Versace campaign, he wasn’t just shooting two supermodels in black suits and white shoes, he’d say to them, “You are two blackbirds on a branch of a tree, fighting over the worm on the floor,” and they’d inhabit these characters, wave their arms like wings and that became an incredible fashion picture.’He says people need a character to play, because it gives them a map of how to be photographed – but it only really works if you really believe in it; if you’re fake or disingenuous, it can all go wrong. ‘You can’t ask someone to be sexy, that’s horrific, really embarrassing. This isn’t Austin Powers. What you’re looking for is a truthful gesture, capturing and revealing the truth in someone.’ Likewise, he never relies on digital wizardry when shooting; all his sets are real. That could mean his set design collaborators (‘they’re like family’) might be asked to recreate couturier Charles Frederick Worth’s atelier, complete with models in gowns fabricated from paper. Or a giant, fully-articulated doll, whose Shirley Temple ringlets are made from 18 wigs and lacy socks from hundreds of old vests.In the V&A exhibition, designed by Walker’s longtime collaborator Shona Heath, 10 evocative room sets display the giant photographs alongside the object that inspired it – in the interior of a burned-out cathedral, you’ll see the 16th-century stained glass window that prompted Walker to create his Alice Through The Looking Glass-like interpretation. In a room dressed as a stark white photographic studio, you’ll see his take on Aubrey Beardsley’s provocative pen-and-ink illustrations in the form of a model in shiny black vinyl, who looks as if she’s ripped through the pages of a book. In the exhibition is a wall of his favourite muses – Kristen McMenamy, Kate Moss, Grayson Perry, Karen Elson and Tilda Swinton. ‘Tilda, the more lunatic and whackadoo the place we create, the more she can put into it; she becomes it, believes it, wills it through her power as a performer.’It’s the same process, he says, no matter who he’s shooting, be it David Attenborough (clutching his prized elephant bird egg) or Margaret Atwood. ‘She walked into the styling room and said, “That’s all great, but we need a yellow glove with that and have you got a feather? And also an egg?” We didn’t have any eggs, so she said, “Well, there’s a shop around the corner, go get one!” Some people have their own story to tell, which is wonderful.’Is it different shooting famous people? ‘I’d say pretty much everyone I work with, there is something I love about them. For me, it’s fundamental. Love is everything in photography.’ And is there anyone he hasn’t yet managed to capture through his lens? ‘The Queen, of course. I’d love to shoot her. There’s a myriad of people out there – famous, non-famous – anyone I get to photograph, it’s a celebration.’ More than anything else, it’s his interest in people that drives him. ‘That’s what photography is to me. It’s like having blind dates with all these people you’re curious about.’Tim Walker: Wonderful Things, at the V&A from 21 September 2019 to 8 March 202© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If New York's glossy posse are know for being pretty pared-back, and London's is famous for being slightly more experimental, Milan's is all about loud-and-proud glamour. This means its women, and those visiting from other fashion capitals, will use the opportunity to pack a suitcase of heels, whip-smart pencil skirts, power handbags and fit-like-a-glove dresses. Keep scrolling for our favourite looks of Milan Fashion Week so far.We would love a peek in Tamu McPherson's accessories wardrobe. The sandals! The bags! The sunglasses! Invest in a slick trench coat like Pernille this season - it's the perfect outerwear for in between weather.Erika Boldrin does head-to-toe leather - the New Bottega accessories are, well, everything!Match a bold shoe to your bag for maximum impact like Emili Sindlev. Ann-Kathrin wears the MaxMara crocodile-print boots atop every fashion insider's wish list.We would love a peek in Tamu McPherson's accessories wardrobe. The sandals! The bags! The sunglasses! Jeanne Damas proves that heritage checks can spell cool in a belted-and-buttoned brown frock. Jenny Walton is the master of the print clash. Try teal leopard with lime roses and see how you get on. You can always get away with a bit of peekaboo action if you drape a chunky cardi over your shoulders. Wear your eco-credentials on your sleeve or, in this case, on your belt like Yoyo Cao. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Duchess of Cambridge made an extremely stylish appearance yesterday in South London while visiting a children's health and development centre. Perhaps because we're currently well into September and therefore frantically figuring out how to convincingly transition our daily uniform from summer sandals and wafty dresses to appropriate office wear, we found ourselves positively fawning over Kate's sleek look.Kate opted for a polka dot blouse by Equipment, a brand famed for its effortless shirting often sported by the likes of Katie Holmes and Carine Roitfeld, paired with £29.99 Zara culottes - a price point we can all get on happily get on board with. The wide legs and cropped hem are perfect for this time of year when it's neither hot nor cold. Completing the look were a pair of Gianvito Rossi 'Piper' pumps. Kate often turns to the italian footwear brand for the pointed toe courts she's partial to, but we love how this pair is armed with a slightly chunkier heel than her usual stiletto - a much more comfortable and sturdy option for office environments (not to mention the commute).BUY THE PIECES HERE:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...September presents us with a whole host of sartorial questions. What temperature justifies succumbing to a winter coat? How soon is too soon for tights? And at what point does it become totally unacceptable to be wearing a swimsuit as a top? (Admittedly the latter probably came and went some time ago). In and among all of this, lies the question of footwear. Summer has been and gone, but it’s not yet cold and you haven’t worn socks outside of the gym in months. Taking inspiration from the editors and street style stars stomping their way around the globe for fashion month, here’s a selection of shoes we think will serve you well for this unpredictable time of year, from slick back-to-school sneakers to breezy flats.As seen on countless editors' feet during London Fashion Week, these chunky tweed sandals have a cozy, autumnal feel Birkenstocks made a major comeback this summer and there's still time to wear them. When the temperature drops, simply add socks Cowboy styles are a great place to start with your boot amo this season. This patchwork pair from Zara will be perfect with bare legs and a loose dress in milder climesIf you're going to invest in a new pair of trainers make them fresh and modern - these will go with everything from tailored trousers to midi dressesA soft plain black flat is prime office territory. Joseph's are easy to throw in a bag if you're flitting from work to a gym classIf you've given up on the pedis but aren't ready to commit to a boot just yet, these cut out loafers are a practical compromiseIt's never too early to start the search for the perfect boot. The pale grey hue of these will put a spring in your step Refusing to part with flip flops? Fear not. Tibi's come armed with a warm, fluffy sole. Plus, Leandra Medine-Cohen's a fan A slingback works so well at this time of year, when heels are still a welcome flash of skin. We're here for the pearl-embellished heel too© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Asymmetric hems may have ruled the runway last year but designers are taking ‘weird and wonky’ one step further this season. Seams are getting, well… strange. Ruched drop waists at Roksanda and billowing, skew-whiff babydoll dresses at Cecilie Bahnsen make a strong case for switching up your silhouette, starting now. At Ganni, dresses and tops were sporadically tacked at the elbow, hip and neck, which resulted in fresh, flattering shapes from the beloved Scandi-brand.Richard Malone took the look to a whole new level at his spring/summer 2020 show in London last weekend with an array of poncho-style frocks in shades of peppermint and burgundy that seemed to defy gravity entirely, while Riccardo Tisci offered a more wearable take on the trend at Burberry – a beautiful sky blue puffed-sleeved number.Fortunately, the trend has begun to filter through to the shop floor already and you don’t have to wait for the new collections to drop before you shop. Georgia Hardinge, a designer we’ve previously featured in Lunchtime Shop, is responsible for the ‘Elena’ dress, that goes in and out in all the wrong (but, actually, oh-so-right) places - the fitted bodice and puffed sleeves will help balance proportions. If you’re after a slightly more demure take on the trend, try Zara’s tiered black midi dress. It’s a classic chuck-on-and-go style that we’ve come to rely on daily, and can be dressed up or down at a moment’s notice. Our Shopping Editor Sophie Henderson was spotted wearing this very piece at Grazia HQ only yesterday, so you'll know you're in good company. Scroll down to find more in the way of ace asymmetric styles to shop now...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s been 25 years since Friends aired its first episode and though the show has dated somewhat since then, there is one thing that’s still on the money: Rachel Green’s workwear wardrobe. It’s arguably the sitcoms unsung hero and has stood the test of time so well that Ralph Lauren have released a workwear collection inspired by the Jenifer Aniston's character.From her waistcoat and miniskirt Central Perk uniform to her straight-shooting Ralph Lauren suits, the show is worth re-watching if only for a dose of sartorial inspiration. Take notes…Forget Kate Moss, Rachel Green served up the ultimate waistcoat rebrand in the early 2000s while working at Central Perk.Nothing's changed, we're still harbouring a crush for Rachel's leather jacket, poker straight hair and polo neck.Rachel (obviously) nailed her interview with Gucci thanks to this suit situation.Glossy, knee-high and with a heel sturdy enough to spend a day stomping around in. Dreamy.Pink, fluffy and fake – this is our kind of fun fur coat.Taking the skirt suit to new heights, Rachel wasn't afraid of giving the co-ord legs.Showing little fear in the face of print, Rachel made a black suit pop with a retro blouse.Though they are liable to ladder at just the lightest graze, a low denier tight is the key to wearing an ultra short skirt to work.Taking notes from Cher, Rachel teamed a check skirt and short sleeve roll-neck.She was never not serving up looks, but the jury's out on whether Rachel managed to pull off the impossible by teaming a bootcut tailored trouser with pointed shoes an off the shoulder top and a tie.A white tee and a black mini skirt gives us heart eyes, even if it has the opposite effect on our employer.Brown is a tricky colour to pull off, but Rachel made it work with a dose of auburn hair dye and a chunky necklace.When you're Rachel Green you can justify this Christopher Kane-lite mini as a desk-to-date dress.Regardless of the situation, strong grey tailoring will give your argument gravitas.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion industry is known to (sometimes) take itself rather seriously. It wants you to know it’s a serious business – which it certainly is – but sometimes this translates to exclusivity and iciness. This is possibly why the sight of Billy Porter twirling and shrieking in his Roksanda gown this week was a sight of pure, unadulterated joy. His billowing dress came complete with a ruffled collar, too, which I happen to believe was the source of his boundless energy. His Big Collar Energy, to be exact.Last week, I purchased a new blouse from Zara. I’m trying to buy less fast fashion, which has been going quite well so far. So, this was not a decision I took lightly. I weighed up the pros and cons of this blouse, asking myself how often I would wear it and if it would last. I decided that, being made of crisp cotton, it would wash well and I could wear it with jeans or skirts. The real clincher, though, was the fact that it had a dramatically oversized Peter Pan collar. I wore it with the collar layered over a colourful blazer and, while my loving boyfriend suggested I resembled a 1970s children’s entertainer, I felt invincible.It was all thanks to that collar. The blouse is an oversized shape and is white – nothing to particularly write home about. But add in that collar and hey presto – it’s a ‘piece’. Also, I’m inclined to admit that as soon as I heard the words ‘1970s children’s entertainer’ fall out of my boyfriend’s mouth, I knew I had achieved that for which I subconsciously longed.Anyway, my point – hooray! I hear you cry – is that actually, I noticed a lot of BCE going on over fashion week. On the catwalks, for example, Burberry showed off smart white collars emblazoned with the brand’s name, while VB’s ‘70s tailoring included her signature sharp, oversized collars worn over jumpers and blazers. Simone Rocha’s frilly collars were a dream, meanwhile, and needless to say Roksanda proffered an array of frills for Porter – and us all – to enjoy.So, as the new season gets underway, I encourage you all to embrace the BCE. It is, as Billy Porter can attest, truly a thing of joy.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Friends came to Netflix and became our favourite binge watch, there were a few surprises. The lack of diversity and the homophobic punchlines hadn't aged well, but one thing that really had was the fashion.All three of the female stars had some stellar looks over the course of the show, especially in the early seasons, but the sartorial champion of the show was Rachel Green, who worked for Bloomingdales and the Ralph Lauren.In tribute to Rachel and the show which debuted 25 years ago this week, Ralph Lauren have dropped a Friends collection and we are not exaggerating when we say that it's divine. Late 90s fashion has never looked so good.Friends x Ralph Lauren2of7Need more proof that Rachel Green had the ultimate workwear wardrobe? Here are some of her best looks - from her Central Perk uniform to executive style at, you guessed it, Ralph Lauren.Forget Kate Moss, Rachel Green served up the ultimate waistcoat rebrand in the early 2000s while working at Central Perk.Nothing's changed, we're still harbouring a crush for Rachel's leather jacket, poker straight hair and polo neck.Rachel (obviously) nailed her interview with Gucci thanks to this suit situation.Glossy, knee-high and with a heel sturdy enough to spend a day stomping around in. Dreamy.Pink, fluffy and fake – this is our kind of fun fur coat.Taking the skirt suit to new heights, Rachel wasn't afraid of giving the co-ord legs.Showing little fear in the face of print, Rachel made a black suit pop with a retro blouse.Though they are liable to ladder at just the lightest graze, a low denier tight is the key to wearing an ultra short skirt to work.Taking notes from Cher, Rachel teamed a check skirt and short sleeve roll-neck.She was never not serving up looks, but the jury's out on whether Rachel managed to pull off the impossible by teaming a bootcut tailored trouser with pointed shoes an off the shoulder top and a tie.A white tee and a black mini skirt gives us heart eyes, even if it has the opposite effect on our employer.Brown is a tricky colour to pull off, but Rachel made it work with a dose of auburn hair dye and a chunky necklace.When you're Rachel Green you can justify this Christopher Kane-lite mini as a desk-to-date dress.Regardless of the situation, strong grey tailoring will give your argument gravitas.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)We’re often told about the damaging effect our clothes have on the environment. But what if our pre-loved items could actually help more children and young people survive cancer with a good quality of life? That’s exactly what TK Maxx set out to do 15 years ago when it launched the Give Up Clothes for Good campaign in support of Cancer Research UK’s live-saving research. So far, TK Maxx has raised a whopping £32.5 million for Cancer Research UK and, this year, a host of famous faces have stepped in to help raise that total even more, and encourage you to donate your pre-loved clothes, too.This September, Katie Piper, Catherine Tyldesley and Jessie Buckley are among the big names who are championing the campaign this year, joining the likes of celebrity alumni Billie Piper, Jamelia and Jodie Kidd who, over the past 15 years, have all contributed to TK Maxx’s initiative. Since 2004, the campaign has seen 1.5 million bags of clothing and household goods donated to the cause, which equates to around 7,518 tonnes of pre-loved items that have been given a second life. Not only is Give Up Clothes for Good supporting Cancer Research UK for Children & Young People, it’s also helping the planet; every tonne of clothing donated, after all, results in a net saving of 4.5 tonnes of greenhouse gases.So, in honour of such a fantastic cause, Grazia has teamed up with TK Maxx to pledge our support. We’re donating a host of quality clothes, accessories and homeware that we’ve loved but no longer need, which will in turn help to fund Cancer Research UK for Children & Young People’s work to improve survival and reduce long-term side effects for children and young people with cancer - and we want you to get involved, too. Why not join us and sign up to the pledge at graziadaily.co.uk/fashion/news/pledge? Or, dig out your pre-loved clothes and take them into a TK Maxx store. To inspire you, scroll through the gallery below to see exactly which celebrities have played their part in the Give Up Clothes for Good campaign since 2004. And don't forget to find your local TK Maxx store to donate.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Look, I miss Mel and Sue as much as the next person but it has to be said that however natty Sue may look in a blazer, Noel Fielding she is not. That's right, Bake Off is back and with it, an array of whimsical shirts, vaguely ironic jumpers and a collection of truly excellent ankle boots. And if the first episode's black and white Valentino (!) jumper is anything to go by, we have great sartorial expectations for N-Fields, as absolutely nobody is calling him.Last night saw Noel send the entire country into panic, lest they all be affected by a crippingly migraine induced by the jazzy shirt he had chosen for Dairy Week. Many concerned tweets were published as people became disoriented and confused. 'Can't watch Bake Off due to the nightmare that is Noel Fielding's headache-inducing shirt. I willl not hear a bad word said about the man, it is what it is,' wrote one fan. Speaking of feeling disoriented, at first I was taken aback by the choice of Valentino for episode one of this new series. After all, Noel spent most of the past couple of seasons in shirts from Lazy Oaf. But then, thinking about it, Sandi Toksvig's hair looked even more coiffured than usual, suggesting that the wardrobe, hair and make-up teams may be putting all that Channel 4 money to good use.A personal favourite of The Shirts is probably the one that resembled a brick wall, for no clear reason at all. There was also the vintage Kenzo tomato print shirt and the ocean print Paul Smith number which, while relatively conservative by Noel's own standards, is the level of 'out-there' that would raise eyebrows in a Midlands pub.I also fully enjoyed his choice of a yellow Bella Freud jumper. Oh, and the time he wore a pink ice-cream print shirt also owned by vlogging sensation Zoella. You really can't make this stuff up!Really, the achievement here lies not in Fielding's choice of shirts, but rather his ability to wear the most ridiculous prints like he's wearing an old T-shirt. He is – to paraphrase Tyra Banks in every episode of America's Next Top Model ever made – wearing the shirt, rather than letting it wear him. I BET he has a cerulean jumper and fully understands its import.Whatever happens this series – however many clammy hands are gripped for just that moment too long by Paul Hollywood; however many innuendos reveal the production team to possess the same sensibility as a Carry-On film and however many contestants promise that they really won't cry as tears stream from their eyes – at least we'll always have Noel's shirts. As Braveheart once said, they can make Brexit happen but they can't take away Bake Off.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's the second weekend of September, which means it's time for London Fashion Week. The London street-stylers, on the whole, tend to be brighter and bolder than their cousins across the pond. So we can expect jazzy jumpers (no one does trophy knits like the British), OTT trousers (the bigger the legs the better) and maybe even a statement coat or two. They're also less - how should we put it? - glamorous and more grungy than their friends in Milan. Think trainers over tottering heels, and plenty of denim done differently. We'll update you on the best outfits every day, so stayed tuned and keep scrolling for our favourites.Big sleeves and bright orange crinkles? Why the hell not. You can't go wrong with a cinch-waisted trouser suit - and a mega-watt smile - like Eva Chen. Ganni's checked dresses still have legs in autumn. Just pop a white tee underneath. Veronika Heilbrunner works an all-in-one like no other. We love the Eighties crop, not to mention the sharp shoulders, on Bettina Looney's blazer. You can't go wrong with leather trousers and a cosy cable-knit jumper. Right, Jeanette?We've got a lot of love for this citrus-bright ensemble on influencer Lucy Williams. Cowboy boots, a hairband AND a logo shoulder bag? This girl's got the lot.The slogan's still got legs, especially when rendered against eye-popping neon. Yasmin Sewell's trench-with-a-difference is just the ticket for this one-minute-sunny-next-minute-cloudy weather.This lime-green lady has balanced her mini to perfection with treadmill-ready trainers.We've spotted lots of leather blazers, but only one denim so far on Deborah Reyner Sebag. Our verdict? Obsessed. You can't go wrong with utilitarian shades of beige and khaki. Finish with army-issue boots. This lady proved, definitively, that sequins aren't just for after hours. Don't you love the slouchy proportions of this sand-coloured suit? Big sleeves and bright orange crinkles? Why the hell not. Adding pops of color - in this case bright cherry red - will break up head-to-toe black. Such is the capricious nature of London's weather system that one show-goer is in a bikini top and the other is in a polo neck. Top marks to both for remembering sunglasses. Make polka dots feel fresh with oversized spots in bold shades.A reconstructed leather skirt and cable knit sweater vest: an unlikely combination but somehow it works. Beige accessories are the cherry on top. Double denim, the 2019 way. Ditch the skinnies for something altogether baggier and be more comfortable in the process. Beige, yellow and brown is a colour palette that is big news for AW19. It's also very versatile, as it will go with everything in your wardrobe. We're welcoming a drop in temperature with this great autumnal look. Voluminous layers can be surprisingly flattering – we're reaching for the sweater vests as we speak.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We talk a lot about sustainable fashion and the importance of not letting garments become one-wear. Usually that applies to cheaply manufactured mini dresses and plastic shoes, but one of the most single-use items of clothing that a woman can buy is a wedding dress.Ask a married woman what she did with her wedding dress and chances are she'll tell you that it's hanging in the wardrobe waiting to be dry cleaned with a filthy hem. But there are some smart cookies who don't leave the most expensive dress they'll ever buy in the wardrobe, but do something amazing with it instead.So, what can you do with a wedding dress once you've worn it?The easiest way to do good with your dress is to donate it. Brides Do Good resell worn designer wedding dresses and designer samples for a fraction of their original price. All of their profits fund a charity to eradicate child marriage.If your gown doesn't fit their criteria, most charity shops will be extremely grateful for a donated wedding gown.Another amazing cause you can donate your dress to is Cherished Gowns, which makes wedding dresses into burial gowns for babies. You can find out more about Cherished Gowns here. Dying your dress is the most common way to give it another lease of life after you've worn it. There are some brands, like Caramel Company, who will dye your dress for you after your wedding in order to promote sustainability and reduce waste. Creating magic even after the wedding✨ At Caramel & Co. we believe in doing our part for the environment and promote sustainability and lesser textile waste in the bridal industry. That’s is why we repurpose our bespoke wedding gowns for free, so our brides could wear them after their weddings or keep them as beautiful heirlooms.  We also use mainly 100% silk materials because do you know that unlike polyester materials, silks are completely biodegradable, have very low environmental impact and we can always dye it with natural or non-toxic dyes, like this one.  #caramelcobridesA post shared by  Caramel & Co. (@caramelcompany) on Jun 20, 2019 at 10:30pm PDTSelling your wedding dress might feel a bit cold but by putting yours on eBay or Depop you can make a bit of the cost back. (Let's face it: post-wedding is a spectacularly broke time). It means another bride can have a gorgeous dress on a budget. Plus, buying a second-hand dress reduces the environmental impact of your wedding.Dying your dress is one thing, but it can still look a bit too bridal to wear to a party. However, if the skirt has plenty of fabric, a tailor should be able to convert it into a jumpsuit, giving it a whole new lease of life. ✖️ladies leave your dresses at home because the latest bridal trend is jumpin’ jumpin’✌🏼so maybe our DC reference was dated but this @alexandragrecco bridal jumpsuit is totally modern and perfect✖️. . . . #alexandragrecco #jumpsuit #weddingjumpsuit #modernbride #coolbride #weddingreception #nycbridal #denverbridalA post shared by  anna bé bridal (@annabebridal) on Apr 3, 2019 at 4:14pm PDTSome people believe that your veil or wedding dress should be turned into a crib hanging for your first baby.This Monique Lhullier crib hanging (above) isn't actually made from a veil, but is a perfect replacement if yours is beaded and therefore a choking hazard.If you are going to use your veil, make sure it has been dry cleaned first, then get busy with a craft hoop. (NB: the crib hanging should be clear of the crib, and your baby shouldn't sleep under anything like this until it's at least 18 months old.)Admittedly, you need a decent amount of space in your house for this, but framing your wedding dress can be a beautiful, romantic memory of the big day. If you've got the wall space then this could be the perfect decoration. #framedweddingdress by #thebeautifulframecompany #lace #bride #weddingdressA post shared by  The Beautiful Frame Company (@thebeautifulframecompany) on Apr 10, 2017 at 8:09am PDTSome women wince at the idea of cutting their wedding dress up, but most dresses are made from such high quality fabric, it's a waste not to do something tactile with it.By making it into an eiderdown (or paying someone who is good at sewing to do it) you can have it on your marital bed. Pretty romantic, eh?Another very traditional use for a wedding gown is to have a tailor turn it into a christening gown. Obviously this only works if you have children, but it enables your dress to become a family heirloom, which is always nice.A popular way to use your dress after your wedding is to have a 'trash the dress' shoot where you cover it in paint, jump in the sea, or do whatever you fancy to trash the dress.Of course it's your dress and it's your choice, but there are so many other ways that you could use your dress sustainably to help others, or make something beautiful for your home. Maybe just leave the neon paint alone.READ MORE: My wedding dress was the biggest waste of money - until I cut it upREAD MORE: London's best wedding dress shops © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Well, London Fashion Week certainly ended on a high note. Burberry has always attracted one of the starriest crowds of LFW and this season was no exception. Lily James, Naomi Campbell, Dua Lipa and boyfriend Anwar Hadid were all present and correct on the front row to watch a host of supermodels showcase Riccardo Tisci's latest offering for the British fashion house.Kendall Jenner – with newly blonde hair – joined Gigi and Bella Hadid and Irina Shayk in one of the most super of all the model line-ups in London. Tisci had even coaxed Agyness Deyn back to the catwalk for the first time in years.Deyn was once ubiquitous – during the mid-noughties, her face was essentially everywhere as she became the model of the moment. She was in every fashion campaign going, before she retreated to pursue a career in acting. She appeared on the Saint Laurent catwalk in 2015, but that was the last time. To see her familiar face among the Insta-generation of models felt like an interesting expression of Tisci's intention – he is celebrating the heritage and legacy of Burberry while also appealing to a new, younger audience.This manifests in elegant tailoring fused with graphic logos and Insta-friendly accessories, making for a collection that will undoubtedly resonate with shoppers across the world.Big sleeves and bright orange crinkles? Why the hell not. You can't go wrong with a cinch-waisted trouser suit - and a mega-watt smile - like Eva Chen. Ganni's checked dresses still have legs in autumn. Just pop a white tee underneath. Veronika Heilbrunner works an all-in-one like no other. We love the Eighties crop, not to mention the sharp shoulders, on Bettina Looney's blazer. You can't go wrong with leather trousers and a cosy cable-knit jumper. Right, Jeanette?We've got a lot of love for this citrus-bright ensemble on influencer Lucy Williams. Cowboy boots, a hairband AND a logo shoulder bag? This girl's got the lot.The slogan's still got legs, especially when rendered against eye-popping neon. Yasmin Sewell's trench-with-a-difference is just the ticket for this one-minute-sunny-next-minute-cloudy weather.This lime-green lady has balanced her mini to perfection with treadmill-ready trainers.We've spotted lots of leather blazers, but only one denim so far on Deborah Reyner Sebag. Our verdict? Obsessed. You can't go wrong with utilitarian shades of beige and khaki. Finish with army-issue boots. This lady proved, definitively, that sequins aren't just for after hours. Don't you love the slouchy proportions of this sand-coloured suit? Big sleeves and bright orange crinkles? Why the hell not. Adding pops of color - in this case bright cherry red - will break up head-to-toe black. Such is the capricious nature of London's weather system that one show-goer is in a bikini top and the other is in a polo neck. Top marks to both for remembering sunglasses. Make polka dots feel fresh with oversized spots in bold shades.A reconstructed leather skirt and cable knit sweater vest: an unlikely combination but somehow it works. Beige accessories are the cherry on top. Double denim, the 2019 way. Ditch the skinnies for something altogether baggier and be more comfortable in the process. Beige, yellow and brown is a colour palette that is big news for AW19. It's also very versatile, as it will go with everything in your wardrobe. We're welcoming a drop in temperature with this great autumnal look. Voluminous layers can be surprisingly flattering – we're reaching for the sweater vests as we speak.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘I never went into this industry to be mediocre – that would just be depressing. I went into this industry to be the best,’ says Jonathan Anderson. He admits it’s not very ‘British’ to say this and acknowledges it could be perceived as arrogant, but this is his focus and ultimately what drives him. ‘It’s like running a marathon; you don’t enter the race if you don’t want to come first. I do see fashion like that; it is about winning. I know it sounds kind of ridiculous, but if you want to do good collections and you want to make a successful business, then you have to be out to win.'I first met Jonathan at the beginning of his race, when he worked out of a windowless studio on Shacklewell Lane in Dalston, East London, and lived close by in a flat above a computer-game shop, furnished with chairs he’d picked out of a skip. Back then, he had a team of four, fitted his designs on a boy, and his debut A/W ’11 womenswear collection, with its hairy hiking boots and silk paisley kilts over matching trousers (inspired by Granny Anderson’s penchant for wearing aprons over trackie bottoms), had been received with rave reviews. We went for lunch and he told me that he worked 24/7 – including Christmas Day.Then in his twenties, he was all lanky limbs with floppy sandy hair and a milky County Derry complexion. Initially, he’d set out wanting to become an actor and trained at the Studio Theatre in Washington DC, but decided acting wasn’t for him and had moved back to Dublin, picking up work in the department store Brown Thomas. A chance encounter there, over the Prada display rack, with the late Manuela Pavesi (Miuccia Prada’s then right-hand woman) inspired him to enrol at the London College of Fashion, where he studied menswear, graduating in 2005 before returning to work with Pavesi as a visual merchandiser for Prada. He launched his career with JW Anderson menswear in 2008 and, two years later, due to popular demand, added womenswear.Four years after our first encounter, in 2016, I interviewed him again. By this point, industry darling, trend provoker and fashion agitator, he was working out of his new East End headquarters, all concrete floors, white-washed walls and interesting sculptures. He’d clocked up an impressive array of accolades: winning both British men’s and womenswear designer of the year at the Fashion Awards in 2015, which was unheard of, as well as nailing commercial collaborations with Topshop (which sold out) and Uniqlo (which is ongoing, as is Converse).At just 29, the same year he collaborated with Donatella Versace on her Versus line, he won the backing of Bernard Arnault, chairman of LVMH, the luxury goods conglomerate, and richest man in Europe, who bought a minority stake in JW Anderson. In fact, Arnault had such faith in Jonathan, he also handed him the LVMH- owned Loewe brand, Spain’s answer to Hermès, to creatively direct. Aside from the pressure of overseeing two brands – which he seemed to relish – it was clear that what set him apart from his contemporaries wasn’t just his ability to anticipate the moment in clothes, but that he was equally conversant in commercial.As he said then, ‘You can’t be a fantasist. It’s impossible. This is a rag trade, you’ve gotta sell it. Quicker. Fast. Faster than ever. It would be awful to produce product that nobody wanted.’ Clearly, that hasn’t been a problem. Those of us who have invested in a JW Anderson bag (bolt pierced, anchor logoed the Keyts, or the Cap) or a Loewe one (Puzzle, Hammock, Gate, Bow, Flamenco, Amazona, Barcelona, Elephant, Basket, to name just the most memorable) can appreciate his prodigious talent for multiple bag hits – the holy grail of any luxury goods brand. As for the clothes, they often hit the spot where the retired Phoebe Philo (of old Céline) left off – judging merely by the volume of JW Anderson and Loewe worn at the shows by both flamboyant street-style professionals and low-key journalists.‘Recently, I heard someone say I’m less hot-headed,’ muses Jonathan, now 34, whose reputation for having a fiery temper precedes him. So, is he? ‘I think so, yes. When I first took on Loewe and had my own brand, there was an anxiety, because you’re trying to prove [yourself ] all the time and that comes with making harsh decisions. A lot of people don’t like that, they’re petrified of people who think on the spot or have a certain viewpoint. For me, I have a corridor that I work within, very accurately. I am very black or white.’Today, once again, we are meeting in his new East End headquarters – significantly larger than the last – where he has been installed since February. It is now July, and his studio is still in a state of moving-in with his art and objects yet to be unpacked. You can see why: he lives in London and Paris (where the Loewe design studio is based) and shuttles between both cities every week, plus Madrid (for Loewe’s bag development and manufacturing) every month. ‘I need a five-day week and I need it to be full. The minute I have a gap in the day, I can lose the momentum and then I’m done. And I need to go quick. I can’t do a long meeting. I need people to come prepared, and if they’re not prepared then I won’t do it.This must be music to the ears of his CEO, Jenny Galimberti, who started with JW Anderson last September. I ask her what impresses her most about Jonathan: ‘He’s fantastic to work with; a constant source of ideas. Intellectually challenging, multifaceted, and with a huge range of conversation topics, from his passion for ceramics to running our business, from politics and macro-economics to really just about anything... We never get bored.’'I need that level of heightened-ness to make me feel like I have to continue to prove.’How does Jonathan himself approach being one of the few designers in the industry straddling two businesses – a luxury giant with 113 stores and his own brand, which will open its first flagship in London’s Soho early next year. He says he sees Loewe as a ‘cultural brand’ and JW as a ‘cultural agitator’; he pictures his Loewe woman in a lifestyle space and his JW woman as someone who ‘wants us to push the needle’. . With 18 collections a year to come up with – 10 for Loewe and eight for JW – work is a military operation. He splits the year into four, working on two different ‘chapters’ every quarter, ‘very methodically, always nine months in advance, because I like to work layers and layers and layers into it. I don’t work last minute, it can’t be a stress, it has to be very plotted out.He still thrives on the pressure, both critical and commercial: ‘There is definitely more pressure on designers who are now judged on their sales performance as well as their creativity. For me, it’s like adrenaline, I need that level of heightened-ness to make me feel like I have to continue to prove.’ Yet despite being in it to win it, he refuses to allow himself to think he’s winning: ‘I never feel that it’s there – if it was, I don’t know if I’d do it any more. I have to continually feel like the underdog.’ As for what he believes it takes to be a successful designer today: ‘You can’t club five days a week, you can’t drink copious amounts of alcohol, you can’t do drugs because you have to have the head space; this is what the job has become, incredibly professionalised. You have to be disciplined, like an athlete, you know?While he wears the typical nondescript uniform of a celebrated designer – sweatshirt, crumpled linen trousers and duffed-up Loewe trainers – his staff are scurrying about in their gym kits because today is the annual JW Anderson sports day. They all look pretty anxious about the prospect of doing the egg and spoon race in the pouring rain. But sport is close to Jonathan’s heart. His father, Willie Anderson, who he describes as both ‘incredibly supportive and incredibly outspoken’, is the 27-capped Irish rugby international star and rugby union coach.‘My father grew up on a farm and decided he was going to captain the Irish rugby team, having never played rugby – and he did it. Then he became a coach, which in a weird way is exactly the same as a fashion designer, in that you get hired and fired. As a teenager, I saw my father being fired in spectacular fashion, but he would be like, “Just because I got fired, I will not stop. I will go on to a better team.” You realise how success-driven that is, you kind of get hardened to it and that’s what sticks with me; that drive.’ It was both growing up with a father determined to prove himself on the world stage and living through the troubles in ’90s Northern Ireland that Jonathan believes helped shape his outlook and backbone. ‘I would not be where I am if I didn’t grow up there. I had the most fantastic childhood because I realised it could all be taken away tomorrow. I have gone past a street that has been blown up, I’ve seen someone lying in a car, dead.’ He says he’ll never forget the day his mother, an English teacher, was shopping in Omagh, narrowly missing the bomb that went off.I ask him how he thinks the current political turmoil – Brexit and Boris – is shaping fashion today? He feels the country’s patriotism has led to a flatness in British culture and a lack of experimentation in fashion. ‘Usually, in political moments like this, creativity should explode or go against the grain. But fashion has contracted in on itself. It’s interesting and weird that such a liberal industry has become so conservative. No one wants to be outspoken, people have become afraid of their peers, the media, the “like” culture of social media – there’s this idea of recreational outrage, like it’s more exciting to destroy something than support it. Instead of being optimistic and supportive of one another, Britain’s become incredibly divisive; it’s not about morals any more, it’s whether you’re in or out.'He voted to remain, but since the population voted out, he refuses to become ‘fashionably outraged’ and prefers to think instead, ‘How can we resolve this?’ He believes politics and fashion to be in a moment of ‘generational handover’. ‘You have young people all over the world, in America, in Paris where I also live, in Hong Kong, saying, “Look, the decisions that are being made now, we’re going to be stuck with them when we’re older and we don’t want it.” It’s like thunderclouds where hot and cold meet, there’s going to be friction.'He once told me that his biggest fear in life was to not be relevant any more. ‘Unless you’re Karl Lagerfeld – he’s the only person I look at and think how? To be able to appeal to all demographics, to be able to reinvent yourself, do I have that?’ he asked at the time. Today, he says Lagerfeld’s passing marks a pivotal point. ‘Ultimately, he was the end of that period. He was at the pinnacle, he held the fort, he was the figurehead of fashion. Now that he is no longer there, I feel we’re in this moment of freefall, not just because of him, but what the industry stood for. I have huge respect for Karl.’He also admires Miuccia Prada, who ‘brought a new voice to fashion’ and admits he has been fascinated by the ‘enigmatic’ Hedi Slimane since his college days. To my surprise, he also declares his respect for the designer Jeremy Scott – ‘all that optimism, he has not changed who he is and I like that. He really knows how to talk to people, his humour, he’s not elite.’JW Anderson Collection 2of17Jonathan’s own fashion ascent, since he vaulted into the industry’s big league with lightning rod shows that flash up the new season’s trends and clothes that have become ever more elegant, glamorous and grown-up, is quite remarkable. He has been very successful very young, and in a relatively short time. Perhaps that is why there is so much jealousy at the mention of his name. Some accuse him of being handed his career on a silver platter, thanks to the financial and mentoring support of luxury giant LVMH – but that’s surely a position he wouldn’t find himself in had he not the discipline or vision to pull it off.Others accuse him of being ‘a puzzle of others’, comparing him to a cover artist, taking ideas and remaking them in his own image, like a Lady Gaga (after Madonna) or a Grace Jones (after Edith Piaf ) – a criticism that, frankly, could be levelled at almost any designer today, for what is truly ‘new’ in fashion? Naturally, those who buy his designs and sell them like hot cakes have nothing but positives to say. ‘He’s managed to create his own code, which he translates across so many collections and collaborations, from Converse and Uniqlo to Loewe. It’s aspirational and desirable without being uptight; he’s created a kind of modern uniform,’ says Harvey Nichols’ head of fashion Laura Larbalestier. Holli Rogers, chief fashion officer at Farfetch, agrees: ‘We always want designers to be consistent and clear. However, there needs to be an element of continuous development, which is hard to do without rewriting the book and moving away from your aesthetic. But Jonathan does exactly this by continuing to innovate and distil his brand identity without losing integrity.'Fashion now is about being able to sell dreams, because if you can’t escape, then what is the point?'He’s a beacon of British fashion, who manages to run two very different brands in ways that don’t cannibalise each other, but rather remain complementary.’ High praise, too, comes from Natalie Kingham, fashion buyer of luxury etailer Matches Fashion, who simply adds, ‘I don’t really feel he has any direct competition, as what he’s doing is original. And I think he has longevity. Being a designer is in his blood – he loves architecture, music, art and he embodies all these elements and brings them into his work in a way that is unique.When i ask Jonathan about having a certain reputation – personally, I find his blunt outspokenness a joy in the helium- inflated fashion bubble, but I wonder how some mean-spiritedness from other corners affects him – he says, sure, some people find him difficult. ‘I’m not going to be told what to do. I will listen, but if I don’t agree with it,Iwon’tdoit.Attheendoftheday,Ihave two businesses to protect, and the people who work there, they’re my priority; I choose to work with some incredibly difficult characters – why? Because I need that kind of debate, I hate “yes” people, I need that conflict.'So, where is he now in his marathon race? Fashion, by its very nature, makes a designer hot one moment and not the next, so how does he intend to avoid becoming a casualty of his own success? By being continually curious, constantly reinventing himself and, hopefully, he says, knowing when it’s time to step away. That, thankfully, doesn’t sound like it will be any time soon: ‘I love the work, the idea of being driven, creating something that is going to make you escape. Fashion now is about being able to sell dreams, because if you can’t escape, then what is the point?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What’s happening inside the shows might be geared towards spring, but it’s what's happening outside (i.e. a demonstration of what to wear IRL for September) that we’re really interested in. The colour dial usually gets turned up to 10 in London and, sure enough, we spotted limes, tangerines and lemons. Alongside the fruity, there were also symphonies of beige (that trend has some serious legs), lots of leather, plenty of autumn boot eye candy and a return to normal-sized bags (as opposed to either the massive or the micro). Keep reading for the five trends our money's on for now. That's right - no waiting until spring.Head-to-toe black is a fashion editor favourite, but why not stand out in, wait for it, monochrome? It’s just as chic but, in this unexpectedly clement weather, is less heat-absorbant. A zinging zebra print is an easy win.The decade of the season might just be the Seventies. Rixo’s free-spirited presentation was practically a love-in in homage to Woodstock's 50th anniversary, and is available to shop now, while street-stylers, like the Dane Emili Sindlev, brought back leather blazers, retro prints and - here’s the kicker - suede knee-highs. Peace out.Despite the outlook being unnaturally bright over the weekend, the clompy black boot still got a great showing. Wear with a puffed sleeve minidress, like influencer Jessie Bush, and remember: the bigger the track-sole the better.Why stick to wearing just one school of print? Blanca Miro shows us how it’s done with a plaid blouse next to an animal print bag in a patchwork of species. Her secret? Keeping the rest of the look pared-back with jeans and block-coloured flats.The best outfits are always the simple ones that have just a hint of something different. This show-goer dressed up a plain top and pleated skirt with one hell of a waist-cincher. Go bold or go home when it comes to belts, we say.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since Victoria Beckham decamped from New York Fashion Week back to London last year, she's been a highlight on the LFW schedule. This is not just thanks to her sleek tailoring and feminine aesthetic – it's also because the show draws an A-list crowd that includes excellent sightings of the entire Beckham clan, all supporting VB from the front row. This season was, of course, no exception. A lot of love for mummy this afternoon .. Well done @victoriabeckham we are so proud as always ❤️ @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham #HarperSeven ❤️A post shared by  David Beckham (@davidbeckham) on Sep 15, 2019 at 7:21am PDTDavid, dressed in a Dior suit designed by Kim Jones, sat amongst his four children on the front row at the breathtaking venue of Durbar Court, while Harper chatted happily to Anna Wintour. Prior to the show, VB uploaded a picture of herself with Harper, her 'Number one guest', who was wearing a long floral dress with her hair in a bun. She also posed backstage with VB's cast of models, which included Adut Akech, which Victoria also documented on Instagram with the hashtag #HarperSeven. Loving her time backstage!! @adutakech #HarperSeven #VBSS20 x VBA post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Sep 15, 2019 at 6:51am PDTHelen Mirren sat next to Billy Porter (the two held hands as they talked) while Maya Jama, Laura Bailey and Susie Bubble were also in attendance.David posted a series of Stories during the show, even zooming in on Helen Mirren at one point as she watched the show from across the other side of the room. He also captured a sweet photograph of Harper giving her mother a congratulatory hug afterwards.It's been a busy week for VB, who launched her first-ever beauty collection just yesterday. Backstage at today's show, make-up legend Pat McGrath used VB's new products on the models, which included the Smoky Eye Brick palette and Lid Lustre.In terms of the clothes, there were strong nods to the 1970s seen in the form of mis-matched suits – colourful trousers worn with checked jackets, which in turn were layered over wide-collar shirts and polo necks.The dresses were realised in the bright shades seen peppered throughout the tailoring; a rich purple midi featured a ruffled neckline and asymmetric, ruffled hem, while bright yellow and green gowns followed.Extinction Rebellion were protesting fashion's impact on the environment outside the show, as they had promised to do a few months ago. Whether or not their presence will encourage designers to take a greater stand on the issue of sustainability remains to be seen but it certainly did not seem to dampen spirits at Victoria Beckham's show.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if you feel like London Fashion Week is strictly for the A-list, insiders and VIPs only? Fair enough – except the duo behind Rixo, Henrietta Rix and Orlagh McCloskey, made it their mission to change all that this weekend.At exactly the same time as their LFW presentation on Saturday, a pop-up shop at 94 King’s Road opened its doors, allowing fans to shop the collection straight away. No waiting six months for the perfect dress and no seeing it on influencers without a cat in hell’s chance of ever being able to buy it. ‘We want our customers to feel really close to us,’ says Henrietta. ‘The message is very much, “You can be a part of it.”’They’ll undoubtedly want a piece of this particular collection, which took the Swinging Sixties as its starting point. Expect psychedelic prints, hand-drawn by Orlagh and very much the brand’s signature, silhouettes that will remind older Rixo lovers of Mary Quant and Ossie Clark designs, and the brand’s first foray into suede and leather, in the form of a sweet monochrome skirt suit.The presentation was equally free-spirited. It was, essentially, a festival, partly in homage to Woodstock, with a ‘meadow’ made by Wow Grass from recycled fabrics, plus piercings, T-shirts, a tie-dye station, live music and an after-party that stretched to midnight. They even acquired a bus like Mary Quant – the designer famously covered a London bus in flower-power florals, kitted out the inside with dressing tables to promote her beauty products and took it all over the world in the 1970s.Last night's all-seeing, all-dancing proceedings marked a major moment for Rixo – and it’s been a serious trip. The brand launched in September 2015 as a two-man-band, with Henrietta and Orlagh single-handedly managing their pop-up, customer service enquiries, wholesale accounts and media strategy. Fast-forward four years and they have more than 120 global stockists, exponential sales and a staff that will soon number 30. When we sit down at their King’s Road pop-up, with both women resplendent in Rixo, you get the sense that they’ve hustled for every bit of their success. Henrietta, jokingly, says a mantra of sorts was, ‘If we’re going to give up our twenties, it can’t fail,’ and Orlagh chimes in with, ‘We’re winging it every day, figuring things out and learning from our mistakes.’They might feel like they’re still ‘winging it’, but their work ethic (fearsome) and business instinct (natural, one suspects) has served them well so far. ‘The thing that helped us be brave was naivety,’ admits Orlagh. ‘I’m not a trained designer. My garment tech actually said to me, “There’s a purity to your work because you haven’t been told how to do anything.”’ She’s come a long way from hacking her clothes to bits as a child – ‘My mum was like, “If you cut one more thing, I’m going to kill you’’’ – and both women have acquired a bank of knowledge when it comes to production, thanks to their background in buying. ‘A lot of designers don’t know how to cost their garments so they get ripped off by factories and then price up,’ explains Orlagh.They’re certainly not afraid to do things differently to their competitors – and are keen to keep the feel-good vibes going in the way they run Rixo. They promote the work of fellow female artists Laetitia Rouget and Astrid Wilson in the pop-up, and will be donating a portion of the sales from the see-now-buy-now collection to charities Smart Works and Cool Earth.They say one of the biggest thrills is seeing Rixo in the real world, on ordinary women who have parted with their hard-earned cash for something they love. What will those hardcore Rixo fans make of the new collection? A customer in the pop-up when I visited, who stumbled upon the preview rail and started flicking through before Henrietta and Orlagh could stop her, summed it up. ‘These are the best yet!’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The best was saved until last on Saturday. Fashion for Relief, the charity founded by supermodel Naomi Campbell in 2005 that has raised money for Times Up, the Ebola crisis and Hurricane Katrina among other humanitarian causes in its 14 years, staged its famously starry show, dinner and auction in one of London’s most famous institutions - the British Museum.The late call time did nothing to deter the celebrity big guns - or the ticket-holders. At 7.50pm, a full hour and 10 mins before the start of the show, the queue was snaking alongside the wrought-iron railings and photographers were camped at the entrance. Once inside, guests were squished together like sardines - sardines that, luckily, were distracted by Casamigos Tequila cocktails - until they were funnelled into the museum’s cavernous atrium. Anna Wintour, Adwoa Aboah, Maya Jama, Naomie Harris, Iris Law, Alexa Chung, Maxim Magnus, Luke Evans and Karon Elson were already greeting one another on the front row. Pierce Brosnan attended, performing the step-and-repeat with son Paris, who later modelled in the show. Naomie chose a tessellated Mary Katrantzou minidress for the occasion, while Adwoa wore a spaghetti-strapped black lace slip. And that was just the guests.The star billing on the catwalk went to Erin O’Connor, Stella Maxwell, Adut Akech, who Naomi referred to as her “daughter” on Instagram Stories earlier in the day, Isabeli Fontana and, of course, Naomi herself, while the clothes were provided by the likes of Alexander McQueen, Gucci, Richard Quinn and Tomi Kuzumi. But celerity-spotting, and imaginary dress shopping, aside, there was a serious message. The proceeds from this year's event are going towards the Mayor's Fund for London, a charity who works in partnership with schools, community organisations, employers, other charities, social enterprises and local authorities across all 33 boroughs to support young Londoners, and UNICEF.Before the show kicked off, the rather prescient words, “So what would be the world be / If all was carefree?” were sung by a memerising soprano to the sitting audience. Urgent calls to action - including, “60 million children don’t have access to education”, and, “We can break the cycle together”, - were flashed onto the museum’s curved wall in block letters. The message? We cannot afford to ignore these problems - and the responsibility is ours to do something about them.Naomi’s Fashion For Relief shows, so far staged in New York, Moscow, Cannes, Mumbai and Dar es Salaam, are always a hot ticket - and have raised millions of dollars for vulnerable children around the world. Bella Hadid, Natalia Vodianova and Naomi walked when it last popped up in Cannes. The line up at 2017’s, which raised money for Save The Children, included Kate Moss and Faye Dunaway.The show was closed by Naomi and Adut leading a gaggle of students, all sporting Fashion For Relief T-shirts, from a school in Lambeth for a victory lap around the catwalk. A fitting end to a fashion show with a difference.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A blazer is to autumn what florals are to spring: not exactly groundbreaking. But it's lightweight, has the ability to make an outfit look better instantly and is democratic, too. Everyone looks good in a blazer. I don't know why, exactly. It could be the collar – everyone looks better with a collar. It could be the fact that there are so many different options, thus ensuring there's a breadth of colours, fits and sizes. Whatever the reason, New York Fashion Week was full of them. It was a blazer convention. I have never seen so many blazers, in fact. Who would have thought that this season's biggest street style trend was something so wearable?There were blazers worn as part of a matching suit, teamed with chunky sandals and trainers. There were Chanel blazers, worn casually with jeans like it was No Big Deal (here's looking at you, Eva Chen).There were even oversized blazers, worn to look as though you'd raided your Dad's wardrobe and settled on his old suit jacket.The main takeaway, in case you hadn't managed to decipher it yet is this: blazers, in all their forms, are great. Really, really great. Every time I wear a blazer, I receive a compliment. Every time. It's essentially one of the laws of physics, as predictable as gravity. It makes absolutely no difference what I'm wearing underneath – it could be my pyjamas for all anyone cares. They're blinded by the blazer.Thankfully for us all, there's a blazer bonanza happening in shops right now, too. From belted styles to oversized checks, your own wardrobe could rival the streets of New York. In the sense that it will be full of great blazers, not that traffic is quite heavy and it's more dangerous after 11pm. I digress. Go forth! Buy blazers! You certainly won't regret it.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...On Thursday, Gucci announced that it will try to achieve carbon neutral status in an attempt to curb how much it contributes to climate change. The luxury brand revealed a strategy that involves everything from its supply chain to its catwalk shows, stating that it plans to reduce, recycle and offset its emissions.Gucci’s CEO Marco Bizzarri told the Guardian, that the 'reports from the scientists are clear – the planet has gone too far.' This plan by the brand might come as welcome news to experts and activists who have urged large corporations to take responsibility for the impact they have on the environment. 'A new era of corporate accountability is upon us,' said Bizzarri. California-based companies Allbirds and Reformation are also working towards carbon neutrality, with the latter claiming to be carbon neutral since 2015. Gucci, however, is by far the largest fashion brand to undertake such an initiative and it’ll be interesting to see if this sparks a trend.Gucci also announced that it will be team up with REDD+, a UN initiative to reduce deforestation emissions. Over recent months, there has been a lot of discussion about carbon footprints, carbon neutrality and carbon offsetting, not in the least because of the controversy surrounding The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s private jet use and their friend Elton John’s use of NetJets, which has a mandatory carbon offsetting fee. It’s been suggested offsetting isn’t the most effective method as the damage is already done. But Bizzarri told the Guardian he feels that 'offsetting is better than doing nothing', as some of their emissions are unavoidable. Gucci also plans to offset the carbon footprints of the attendees at the spring/summer show next week, and has also pledged to reuse the show's set in Gucci stores.This isn’t the luxury brand’s first push to be more environmentally responsible. The brand is currently in the middle of a 10-year sustainability strategy with the goal of reducing 50 per cent of its greenhouse gas emissions by 2025.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It might send a softer message than a placard, but the slogan T-shirt has form when it comes to making statements - and not just of the fashion sort. The most famous example is Katharine Hamnett’s. It read, ‘58% Don’t Want Pershing’ in block capitals, and the designer wore it to Downing Street in 1984 to protest then-PM Margaret Thatcher’s policy on nuclear missiles.Help Refugees is continuing her legacy for letting clothes do just as much talking as the person wearing them. The charity’s latest T-shirt capsule is a collaboration with 11 designers, all of whom have worked the phrase ‘Choose Love’ onto their tees, and will be available exclusively on ASOS from today. The choice of words was another of Katharine Hamnett’s bright ideas. She made the charity’s first slogan tee in 2015 as a play on her famous ‘Choose Life’ T-shirt worn by Wham! in the Eighties.Rockins has configured ‘Choose Love’ into a trippy paisley design in neon orange and pink; Sadie Williams features a rocketship and Hillier Bartley’s has fashioned the slogan out of pictures of paperclips. The collaboration between the charity and the e-commerce giant started in 2017 and has since raised £550,000. Don’t hang about - mark your calendars and join the Choose Love club.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Marks & Spencer may have been plagued by constant rumours of falling sales and a failing high street but that doesn't seem to be slowing it down. When it re-launched its iconic Per Una collection earlier this year, 30,000 pieces sold in just the first week alone. It also sells the equivalent of two pairs of knickers every single second (!) and five million pairs of jeans per year (which equates to about 10 pairs per minute). And when it comes to autumn, it seems nobody embraces it with such gusto as M&S. From excellent new coats in every colour, print and shape you can imagine to knee-high boots, cashmere knits and wear-everywhere midi dresses, autumn/winter is really when M&S comes into its own. This year is no different.Firstly, there's the new campaign. It features 20 different women in various different outfits, all showcasing the inclusive nature of M&S's new collections. Among them are some very familiar faces, including Holly Willoughby, Vicky McClure, digital influencer Clemmie Hooper (otherwise known as @mother_of_daughters) and model Ariish Wol. The overarching message is concerned with making 'the everyday extra special', which M&S hopes to achieve through a mix of floral printed midi dresses, stand-out aviator jackets, checked blazers and suede ankle boots, all underpinned by a distinctive 70s influence.Then, there's the new breed of jeans. Launched last week, there are three different fits – The Harper, The Carrie and The Sophia – all crafted from super-soft denim with enough stretch to make them comfortable, even if they're straight out of the wash. Available in sizes 6-24, they're all less than £30, too.If that's not enough to pique your interest, there's the new Per Una collection. Prepare yourself for a glorious melange of hiking boots (no, really – wear with your old summer frocks for a truly ingenious new season look) chunky knits, fresh new florals, heeled loafers, party platforms and printed velvet blazers.Elsewhere, there's a teddy coat that's bound to be a sell-out success for under £100, sequin shirts, leather skirts, a twist on animal print and silk dresses. As always, there's also the usual mix of affordable cashmere, in the form of cardigans, roll neck knits and even a trans-seasonal cape that's perfect for imperfect weather.Whatever your feelings towards M&S, there's no denying that this new-season offering is a comprehensive attempt to both weather-proof and simplify our wardrobes. The styling feels accessible but still interesting and the pieces are all affordable. Creative flourishes exist in the form of marabou feather bags (which will launch just in time for the festive season) and intricate details on specific pieces but overall, everything feels wearable, modern and straightforward – surely the outcome we're all reaching towards when it comes to our clothes.If you happen to be an M&S undies loyalist, there's plenty for you, too. From the new arrivals in the Rosie for Autograph range – including beautiful prints and machine-washable silk (praise be!) – to pyjamas made from M&S' Flexifit technology, meaning that your nightwear moves with your body, providing extra comfort and an uninterrupted night's sleep.There's a lot to love and not all of it is available immediately. I would, however, argue that it is most certainly worth the wait. Whether you're after a pair of knee-high, animal print boots or just a new pair of knicks, M&S wants to dress you for the new season. I, for one, am ready and willing.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’ve ever felt like London Fashion Week operates on a completely different planet to the one you inhabit, this season might just surprise you. For the first time, the British Fashion Council is opening its doors to the public, with a jam-packed weekend of events that includes shows, industry panels and shop events.You can buy tickets to watch Alexa Chung’s catwalk on Saturday, 14 September at 180 The Strand, or join House of Holland and Self-Portrait for their combined show on Sunday. Fashion industry insiders, including actor Billy Porter in conversation with Teen Vogue US’s editor Lindsay Peoples Wagner, and Instagram dynamo Eva Chen with InStyle US’s editor Laura Brown, will also be giving talks over the course of the weekend. Check out the schedule here to avoid missing out.Fashion fans can also peruse the BFC’s Positive Fashion Designer Exhibition, which will staged at 180 The Stand and based around the initiative's three pillars of sustainability, equality and diversity and craftsmanship and community, or follow the movement from the comfort of their sofa at #PositiveFashion.Last, but certainly not least, is the roster of events popping up all over the capital for a city-wide celebration. Highlights include the launch of jeweller Rosa de la Cruz’s collection at Alex Eagle Studio on 17 September; bubbles at Christian Louboutin's Mount Street store from 14-15 September to celebrate its Nuit Blanche collection; a hair braiding station and nail art station at J.Crew on 14 September; a series of catwalk shows at John Lewis & Partners from 13-17 September and bracelet-making workshops at Mulberry’s Regent Street store throughout LFW.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Meghan Markle has teamed up with John Lewis and Partners, Marks And Spencer, Jigsaw and designer Misha Nonoo to create a capsule collection of clothes to benefit Smart Works. Meghan is a big fan of the charity and says, in her guest editor's letter in Vogue's September issue, she 'strongly believes in' the work they do, which includes providing high quality interview clothes and training to unemployed women in need. So what's in her collection? M&S has launched a crepe shift dress in three different colours – black, red and navy – that's a very reasonable £19.50. It's flattering, well-cut and has sleeves, which is always a bonus. #MeghanMarkle arrives for her @smartworkscharity capsule collection presentation (and yes she’s wearing it!). Tap the #linkinbio to shop the collection now 👆A post shared by  Grazia UK (@graziauk) on Sep 12, 2019 at 6:32am PDTJohn Lewis & Partners, meanwhile, has launched a tan leather tote bag – the perfect size for all of your essentials, and then some - and it's already sold out. For the collection, Jigsaw are selling a slick slim fit suit, with the blazer retailing at £199 and the trousers selling for £120.Shop The Collection'It's incredibly important to me personally to be able to connect with people on the ground doing really important work, and one of the places I went to very early on was Smart Works,' Meghan said at the capsule collection presentation today. On the brands she chose for the collaboration, Meghan said: 'if this is going to be classics and essentials, what are traditional and quintessential British brands that I'd become introduced to since I moved here that for me resonated, and I knew would resonate with a Smart Works customer. 'Revealing the five-piece collection on Instagram, Meghan wrote that 'it has been deeply important to [her] to meet with communities and organisations on the ground doing meaningful work and to try to do whatever I can to help them amplify their impact.''Thank you to the four brands who came together in supporting Smart Works on this special project - placing purpose over profit and community over competition,' she added. 'In convening several companies rather than one, we’ve demonstrated how we can work collectively to empower each other - another layer to this communal success story, that I am so proud to be a part of.' Last month, The Duchess of Sussex surprised Smart Works clients during the capsule collection shoot in west London...Today, The Duchess, alongside @SmartWorksCharity - in partnership with @InsideJigsaw, @JohnLewisandPartners, @MarksandSpencer and @MishaNonoo - are incredibly proud to reveal to everyone, #TheSmartSet - a five piece capsule collection that will equip the Smart Works clients with the classic wardrobe pieces to help them feel confident as they mobilise back into the work space. • “Since moving to the UK, it has been deeply important to me to meet with communities and organisations on the ground doing meaningful work and to try to do whatever I can to help them amplify their impact. It was just last September that we launched the ‘Together’ cookbook with the women of the Hubb Kitchen in Grenfell. Today, a year later, I am excited to celebrate the launch of another initiative of women supporting women, and communities working together for the greater good. Thank you to the four brands who came together in supporting Smart Works on this special project - placing purpose over profit and community over competition. In convening several companies rather than one, we’ve demonstrated how we can work collectively to empower each other - another layer to this communal success story, that I am so proud to be a part of” - The Duchess of Sussex The collection – which features a shirt, trousers, blazer, dress and tote bag – will be on sale for two weeks starting today, with the objective of selling enough units to give Smart Works the essentials they need to help dress clients for the coming year! For every item bought during the sale of the collection, one will be donated to Smart Works, this 1:1 model allows customers to directly support the Smart Works women by playing a part in their success story - how they look and more importantly, how they feel. Photo © @JennyZarinsA post shared by  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex (@sussexroyal) on Sep 12, 2019 at 5:08am PDTWhenever you buy one of these items, the brand will donate one to Smart Works, which offers professional clothes and interview training to unemployed women, helping to encourage and support them to enter the workspace. The charity states that: 'We harness the power of clothes and confidence to allow a woman to be her best at a crucial moment in her life, giving her the confidence, the self-belief and the practical tools required to succeed at interview and transform her life.'Just last month, the @sussexroyal Instagram account provided a behind-the-scenes look at a photo shoot for the new fashion line.On Stories, @sussexroyal posted a montage of videos taken at the shoot, in which Meghan can be seen to be taking a very hands-on approach, styling different women, greeting people with hugs and looking extremely excited as she sees everything take shape. It's all set to Bill Withers' Lovely Day, just to add to the sheer emotion of it all.Naturally, there's already much discussion around what Meghan is wearing in the videos, which is in fact a blue linen shirt from the sustainable British brandWith Nothing Underneath. Thestriped shirt is £85and is – believe it or not – still in stock in all sizes.In Vogue's much-discussed September issue, Meghan writes about her experience visiting the charity: 'When you walk into a Smart Works space you’re met with racks of clothing and an array of bags and shoes. Sometimes, however, it can be a potpourri of mismatched sizes and colours, not always the right stylistic choices or range of sizes. To help with this, I asked Marks & Spencer, John Lewis & Partners, Jigsaw and my friends, the designer Mischa Nonoo, if they were willing to design a capsule collection of more classic options for a workwear wardrobe.'Explaining the new collection and how it will benefit Smart Works, Meghan explained: 'Taking the idea further, many of the brands agreed to use the one-for-one model: for each item purchased by a customer, one is donated to the charity. Not only does this allow us to be part of each other’s story, it reminds us we are in it together.'The combination of the Duchess of Sussex and big brands like M&S will surely ensure that this collection is a sell-out success, hopefully generating a great deal of help for Smart Works. Explaining exactly why she had been drawn to the charity, Meghan wrote: 'It reframed the idea of charity as community.....it’s a network of women supporting and empowering other women in their professional pursuits.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From street style to the FROW, A-listers certainly know what they're doing when it comes to fashion week dressing. Here are some of the best looks from New York Fashion Week as the rich, famous and photogenic gather to see the spring/summer 2020 shows and get papped.Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is seen walking around SoHo in NYC. Credit: Getty Sarah Michelle Gellar, Lucy Liu, and Alicia Silverstone pose for a photo together at the Christian Siriano show at Gotham Hall in New York City Credit: GettyKendall Jenner is out and about in midtown NYC.Credit: GettyMum-to-be Ashley Graham was spotted out in NYC. Credit: GettyActress Julianne Moore is shown arriving at the Longchamp SS20 Runway Show.Credit: GettyKendall Jenner makes a case for highlighter yellow while walking around Manhattan. Credit: GettySupermodel Kate Moss looks stunning while attending the Longchamp SS20 show. Credit: GettyModel Winnie Harlow is seen visiting the Times Square EDITION. Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse attends the Vanity Fair Saks Fifth Avenue NY Fashion Week Party.Credit: GettyJameela Jamil attends the Jeremy Scott front row during NYFW: The Shows at Gallering I at Spring Studios. Credit: GettyModel Halima Aden arrives at The Daily Front Row's 7th annual Fashion Media Awards. Credit: GettyModels Gigi Hadid and Irina Shayk are pictured at the Jeremy Scott front row. Credit: GettyZendaya attends the Harper's Bazaar "ICONS by Carine Roitfield at the Plaza Hotel. Credit: GettyAshley Graham attends the Harper's Bazaar "ICONS by Carine Roitfield at the Plaza Hotel. Credit: GettyHalima Aden attends the 2019 Harper's Bazaar ICONS. Credit: GettyMaisie Williams attends the Helmut Lang front row.Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse is seen at Self-Portrait Spring Summer 2020. Credit: GettyAnna Kendrick arrives at the Kate Spade New York Arrivals at Elizabeth Street Gardens. Credit: GettyKate Moss's daughter Lila Grace attends the Longchamp SS20 Runway Show. Credit: GettyKendall Jenner is seen walking about the East Village in NYC. Credit: GettyAshley Graham attends the Christian Siriano show at Gotham Hall. Credit: GettyModel Lily Aldridge is seen arriving at the Ralph Lauren Fashion Show at Ralph's Club. Credit: GettyGame of Thrones star Maisie Williams attends the Bergdorf Goodman show. Credit: GettyWinnie Harlow attends a party at Cipriani in SoHo, NYC. Credit: GettyEmily Blunt attends the Tory Burch NYFW SS20 show at the Brooklyn Museum. Credit: GettyBella Hadid is spotted leaving the Ralph Lauren SS20 show.Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is spotted out in the East Village in NYC. Credit: GettyJameela Jamil attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyLily Aldridge poses at the Bowery Hotel. Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyBella Hadid is spotted walking around NYC. Credit: GettyIskra Lawrence is seen on the FROW at Raisavanessa. Credit: GettyHalima Aden is pictured outside the Tory Burch show. Credit: GettyBella Hadid attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyGeorgia May Jagger attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyBarbie Ferreira attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyMaggie Gyllenhaal and Suki Waterhouse attend the Adeam SS20 show at West Edge.Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is spotted walking around NYC. Credit: GettyModel Leomie Anderson attends the Longchamp SS20 show.Credit: GettyKatie Holmes attends the Ellie Tahari front row at Spring Studios. Credit: GettyZendaya is seen at The Daily Front Row's 7th Annual Fashion Media Awards. Credit: GettyMandy Moore attends the Ralph Lauren SS20 show. Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse is pictured at the Adeam SS20 Dinner. Credit: GettyGigi Hadid attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyJanelle Monáe attends the Ralph Lauren SS20 show. Credit: GettyEmma Roberts is seen outside the Kate Spade SS20 show. Credit: GettyWinnie Harlow is seen arriving at the Harper's Bazaar ICONS.Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is pictured arriving at the Ralph Lauren SS20 show at Ralph's Club. Credit: GettyModel Hailey Bieber attends Alexander Wang x Bvlgari party. Credit: GettyHunter Schafer attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyKate Moss arrives at the Fashion Media awards in NYC. Credit: GettyParis Hilton performs in 'The Blonds x Moulin Rouge! The Musical Fashion Show' at The Al Hirschfeld Theatre Credit: GettyEmily Ratajkowski attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettyKate Hudson attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettyNicole Kidman attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettyBella Hadid is seen leaving the Park Avenue Armory after walking in the Marc Jacobs SS20 show. Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is seen leaving the Park Avenue Armory after walking in the Marc Jacobs SS20 show. Credit: GettyZendaya is pictured at the Marc Jacobs SS20 show at the Park Avenue Armory. Credit: GettyAnwar Hadid and Dua Lipa are pictured at the Marc Jacobs SS20 show at the Park Avenue Armory, where his sisters Bella and Gigi walked. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...New York Fashion Week is here yet again, this time to present collections for spring/summer 2020. This season sees Jason Wu return to the schedule after a brief hiatus, where he joins the likes of Ralph Lauren, Tibi, Kate Spade, Tory Burch, Michael Kors and Carolina Herrera. There's also a host of exciting younger brands to watch, including Khaite NY – the label responsible for the cashmere bra that went viral.So, what are the biggest trends for the next spring/summer season? And what's everyone talking about from the shows? Here's your ultimate guide to New York Fashion Week SS20...Marc Jacobs never fails to deliver the most show-stopping of all New York Fashion Week spectaculars and this season was even more joyful than usual. It was a true celebration of the individual – the clothes were brilliantly bonkers, Gigi Hadid didn't wear shoes and the whole show just reminded the world of how fun fashion can be when it's not taking itself too seriously...Proenza Schouler continued New York's preoccupation with the 80s for SS20, showing sharp silhouettes and a wardrobe inspired by the 'baddass' women who work in the studio with the label's designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez. Some models also carried Birkenstocks, ready to slip onto their feet, which are from an upcoming collaboration between the two brands. We can't wait for that one...Vera Wang was back on the catwalk after a two year break, just in time to celebrate her label's 30th anniversary. After three decades in the business, Wang has cultivated her own aesthetic, which this season manifested in her own take on eveningwear. While many designers have had more of a focus on sustainability during this New York Fashion Week, Gabriela Hearst went one further and staged a completely carbon neutral show. Working with Bureau Betak and EcoAct, Hearst ensured every aspect of the show – from production to the hair and make-up (which was done without electricity) – reduced the overall carbon footprint. Hearst told Vogue that she hopes it becomes 'Industry standard,' stating that 'If we can do it, other people can do it.'Eckhaus Latta collaborated with UGG for a second time to produce a unisex collection of shoes that are anything but the traditional UGG boots. There were platform clogs, velcro trainers and tie-detail sandals. Mike Eckhaus & Zoe Latta said: 'It was exciting to think of what a summer UGG shoe can be, since it is iconically a winter boot. The unknown of this paradox was very fun to play with.'There's really no escaping the '80s at New York Fashion Week and for spring 2020, Coach's creative director Stuart Vevers put his idols from the decade on jumpers and vests. While Michael J. Fox and Rob Lowe both featured, our favourite was the Barbra Streisand jumpers, which we can see being a sell-out success when they launch. At Oscar de la Renta, there were dramatic sweeps of bright blues and yellows across models eyes, while at Rosie Assoulin, make-up artist James Kaliardos used Mac's Chromographic liners to draw pretty shapes around eyes in sunflower shades. Overall, the message for spring/summer is: the more playful, the better Wes Gordon has ushered in a new era at Carolina Herrera and so far, so good. For Spring 2020, he somehow made floral prints look entirely new, with an array of beautiful gowns, cocktail dresses and sweeping separates. He also put the white shirt front and centre, transforming it from one of the more mundane items in our wardrobes to one with the most promise. Collina Strada's SS20 show had a main focus on sustainability, which translated to an unconventional approach to beauty. Models wore vegetables on their faces, including cucumber and tiny radishes on their eyebrows. Some models even carried 'ugly' vegetables from Misfits Market. That's one way to get your five a day. At 3.1 Phillip Lim, models wore their pretty separates and reinvented tailoring with basic white plimsolls, as well as the pre-requisite sandals for spring/summer. This is excellent news for us all – chances are you already have a pair in your wardrobe and they're comfy, too. Pyer Moss has become one of the most anticipated shows of NYFW and this season, it did not disappoint. Set in the Kings Theatre, models walked to a soundtrack of songs performed by a full choir, making for an incredible atmosphere. There were T-shirts bearing the slogan: 'Vote or die, for real this time' and Kerby-Jean Raymond, founder of the brand, collaborated with Richard Phillips, an artist who spent 45 years in prison for a crime he didn't commit. As the final looks from Collection 3 appeared, the crowd erupted into a standing ovation. For her second collection with Tommy Hilfiger, Zendaya took the fashion crowd to the historic Apollo theatre in Harlem, a noted venue for African-American artists. 'I've always wanted just to come here, and we wanted to pay homage to the people who paved the way for me to even be here in this space,' Zendaya said backstage, after showcasing a 70s-heavy collection based on clothes from her own grandmother's wardrobe. You can always count on The Blonds to really put on a show and this New York Fashion Week was possibly bigger and better than ever. Billy Porter performed while Paris Hilton gyrated against a model of the Eiffel Tower. Of course she did...Ralph Lauren's show, including model sisters Gigi and Bella Hadid, was an homage to the tuxedo. And while the catwalk was awash with super-chic riffs on this theme, it was Janelle Monae's spectacular performance that was the main talking point of the event. She sang jazz classics for the likes of Cate Blanchett and Indya Moore, who were all dressed up in their finest RL looks. For her FROW-side appearance at Tom Ford's show – set in the Subway – Miley Cyrus wore an all-black outfit complete with hat and sunglasses. She looked every inch the rock'n'roll star, dressed – of course - entirely by Tom Ford.For his 10th anniversary show, Prabal Gurung not only proved that some of this summer's biggest trends will still be big news next spring – tie-dye, puff sleeves and white dresses – he also gave each of his 60 models a sash to wear, asking the pertinent question 'Who gets to be American?' Gurung often addresses the concept of identity in his shows but to see such a diverse cast of models bearing this political statement felt very moving in the current climate. Returning to the NYFW schedule after an 18 month break, Jason Wu proved that the chicest clothes are the crinkliest, with a collection of pretty silks and floral prints that hadn't been anywhere near an iron. This bodes well for SS20, suggesting we can all do fewer chores and instead focus on getting dressed. Tibi championed cargo pants so fiercely that they appeared in silver, light pink, grey pinstripe and in short form on both boys and girls for SS20. Sometimes they were worn with tailored jackets, sometimes with casual tees. Either way, they're back. In a big way. Colour is everything for Sies Marjan, and the SS20 collection showed us all how to wear it properly. There were beautiful, sunny shades of canary yellow worn top-to-toe, outfits crafted from a range of rose hues and purple croc skirts worn with matching, boxy jackets. It was, in short, a rainbow riot. Inspired by Diana Spencer – as she was known before she married the Prince of Wales – Tory Burch served up a collection of soft 80s references in the form of oversized pussybows, puff sleeve dresses and prim skirt suits. It was the 1980s, but for the Instagram generation. For a decade, Chromat has been celebrating the individual both on and off its catwalks. SS20 read like a greatest hits collection in many ways, with designs and themes from previous seasons reworked and reinvented for next year. One such example was the Sample Size T-shirts of last season, this time made into a dress worn by Tess Holliday. In things we weren't expecting, Brandon Maxwell sent Bella Hadid down the catwalk in bootcut jeans with a shirt, jumper and blazer and somehow, it was one of the outfits we most wanted. Maybe it was the minimalist, 90s silver heels or maybe it was just the thought of being co very comfortable next season – whatever it was, we're going back to basics for next spring. As always, Christian Siriano's show was full of drama and diversity, which makes for one of NYFW's highlights. One of the best aspects of the collection, aside from the inventive, playful prints, were the supersized belts, worn over suits and with one-shoulder jumpsuits. Kaia Gerber opened Longchamp's SS20 show, walking in front of a front row including Kate Moss and her daughter, as well as Kendall Jenner. A feminine take on sporty, Longchamp's collection was full of waterproof jackets and 'knitted boxing shoes', which were actually far more covetable than they sound.At Kate Spade New York, the gloriously inclusive model line-up all carried some plants and flowers down the catwalk, echoing the sentiments expressed by designer Nicola Glass, who referred to 'blossoming wherever you're planted' for SS20. The show felt optimistic and joyful – flowers, too, are proving to be a hot ticket on the catwalk, as Prabal Gurung also sent his models down the runway clutching beautiful bouquets. Hot on the heels of its viral success with a cashmere bra worn by Katie Holmes, Khaite unveiled its best collection yet at NYFW for SS20. As well as irresistible dresses with dramatic puff sleeves and lace-up kitten heels that are sure to fly off the shelves when they launch, there were headpieces that made models look like they were dripping in pearls – literally. In order to take our collective mind off the doom and gloom that is the current news cycle, Jeremy Scott threw the kitchen sink – and then some – at his latest collection. There were wigs! There were colourful, over-the-knee boots! There were topless men! And there were futuristic, multi-coloured party frocks grounded in 80s silhouettes. It was fun, and a few minutes of much-needed escapism. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...BUY: Reformation, Lee Dress, £225You’ve seen every Stateside woman and her dog wearing its dresses on Instagram and, subsequently, have driven your friends across the pond crazy by asking them to pack their suitcase full of said dresses when they’re back for Christmas. Or maybe that's just me. Either way, the madness can now stop because – drumroll please – Reformation is opening its first permanent store in London today. Today!BUY: Reformation, Berry Top, £150Now, you can shop its famously good slip dresses, jeans and naked sandals from 186 Westbourne Grove, London, in US sizes 00-24. It’s a major whoopee moment. The brand has become a firm fashion editor favourite for its ongoing commitment to sustainability. It’s 100 per cent carbon, water and waste-neutral, and makes transparency a priority. Reformation doesn’t just spam shoppers with newsletters, but sends annual sustainability reports, detailing how they’ve performed against their sustainability goals and what they’re going to work on in the coming year. The following strapline pretty much sums it up, ‘Being naked is the 1 most sustainable option. We’re 2.’BUY: Reformation, Creed dress, £255If you're not in London any time soon, don't worry – you can shop the brand from its online store. But if you can get to Westbourne Grove, do – the new store promises to be an utter delight.Reformation opens at 186 Westbourne Grove, London W11 on 12 September© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re struggling for clothes inspo now it’s September, we have two words for you: street style. That’s right - New York has officially kicked off fashion’s travelling circus of catwalk shows and the influencers are out in full force. Of course, the vagaries of Manhattan’s weather system - one minute stormy, the next minute sweltering, sigh - means that it’s the hardest city to dress for and, consequently, the most varied in terms of ‘looks’. You’ve got leather coats next to teeny weeny short suits next to BLDs (that’s big long dresses). Keep scrolling for our favourites.Clash those prints - and top with a bucket hat. The rules are? There are no rules. Jenna Lyons proved, once again, that's she's the master of the button-down shirt and stripes. A minidress just needs a clompy pair of boots while the weather's still balmy. Make your arm candy - in this case, a tangerine dream by The Vampire's Wife - the focal point of your outfit. Clash those prints - and top with a bucket hat. The rules are? There are no rules. A oversized short suit in palette-cleansing mint feels right for September. Is anyone else praying for drizzle so they can don a bucket hat? There's no such thing as too much red. Case in point: Claire Rose Cliteur in traffic-stopping scarlet. Swap your classic leather jacket for something in chocolatey suede. Extra points for fringe. A tie-dye cargo jacket with wide leg jeans is a fresh weekend outfit formula. Dial down a lace-up corset blouse with jeans and clompy boots. Stand out for all the right reasons by colour-clashing your pussy-bow blouse and elongated shorts. Forget shirts - a color pop polo neck is what you should be wearing underneath trouser suits now. A simple tank tucked into high-waisted jeans will never get old. Contrasting block colours, with THAT Bottega bag. Would you expect anything else from @handinfire ?Match your shirt and shoes, and keep the summer dream alive with leather shorts.Make monochrome summery, with blooming prints and a woven bag.@emilisindlev delivers an expert lesson in how to clash your colours the right way.Leather blouses are (surprisingly) big news for the new season. Try with a wrap skirt for a ladylike take on the trend. @aimeesong proves that excellent outfits don't have to be over-fussy – just add heels to oversized separates. Country meets the city with the addition of this sleeveless blazer. Also, a brilliant example of tonal dressing. Camille ticks all the killer-accessories boxes with anklets, chunky chains, kit-flops (kitten heel meets flip-flop) and the ultimate Bottega clutch.Khaki forever - this guest co-ordinates her Christian Dior bag with must-have cargo pants and a shape-y heel.Who said horizontal stripes aren't flattering? Make your prints clash and keep your accessories tough to balance out a floaty floral.Charlotte Groeneveld mixes sweet and sour with a Marc Jacobs ditsy floral tent dress and stomper boots. Bonus points for undone locks.Emili Sindlev nails polished tie-dye with a satin blouse  un-buttoned from the bottom - our fave new style hack. Her teeny-tiny Loewe bag completes the colorful look."Joy" has been coined as the term to describe NYFW this season, and nothing says joy quite like Leandra Medine in this boho-centric Marc Jacobs ensemble.When the whole gangs on point - seasoned street-stylers heading to the Michael Kors show in co-ordinating shades and pops of brights.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If your biggest concern at the airport is slathering yourself with La Mer testers and stocking up on Milka chocolate, then you need to get your priorities straight. Before the headache of the self check-in desk, the dash around duty free and last-minute Boots shop comes a much bigger decision. What to wear?Maybe gym leggings and pool slides are your vibe. Or perhaps it’s anything with a stretchy waistband. I don’t judge, but be warned that your fellow passengers might. Airport dressing, you see, has become A Thing. Indeed, global search platform Lyst has said that searches for ‘travel fashion’ are up by 22 per cent in the past three months.So, what works at 30,000 feet? Fashion insiders swear by the cashmere travel set by Ven, a one-stop-shop of luxury travel essentials founded by former shopping editor Charlotte Lewis. At £350, it’s not cheap, but it does include a blanket, eye mask and socks in a bag that fits perfectly over an airplane pillow – thus transforming your flying experience into first class, even if you’re in anything but. Meanwhile, Me+Em’s stretch-jersey lounge pants (£59) are another long-haul hack, while a reusable bottle (our favourite’s the neon range from Chilly’s, £20) is a must-pack to keep you at peak hydration. Emporio Armani’s just-launched travel capsule incidentally has a weekend bag (£260) that’ll fit all three, with external pockets for easy-access to your travel documents.The last step to a smooth outward journey? Identifying your sartorial travel tribe. Whether you’re a pseudo-slob in silk PJs or a power traveller in tailoring, we’ve got you covered the next time you cruise. Remember, the only real no-no is forgetting your passport.OK, the heels might be unrealistic for anyone dragging a case through Terminal Two, but you’ve got to admit no one nails ‘airport chic’ quite like Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, who looked like she was about to host a power lunch in departures with her sharp-shouldered blazer. Tailoring is more practical than you might think, especially if you choose something that’s crease-free, like Me+Em’s cream jacket with topstitching (£279). Tibi’s linen is also a comfortable option if you’re heading somewhere hot, but hang it on the back of the seat in front of you as soon as you’re airbourne.Is there any person in the world who could pull off a Chanel jacket with a full Palace tracksuit, other than Rihanna? Perhaps not, but that doesn't mean she can't provide inspiration for a haute take on maximum travel comfort. Think joggers with more polished pieces, or one statement piece (it doesn't necessarily have to be Chanel, of course) to distract from the fact that you're basically wearing a onesie. And don't be fooled – Rihanna has accessorised like she means it, with Nike x Off White trainers, Louis Vuitton sunglasses and a Goyard passport cover. Oh, and a helpful man to carry her Dior bag, obviously.Nothing ruins an in-flight outfit more than a bout of turbulence when you’ve just uncapped your OJ. That’s why all black (with jeans) is always good. It covers a multitude of sins, including spilt food and creases from being squeezed in your seat, and, if it’s as stealth and unshowy as Julianne Moore’s look, might even get you an upgrade. The actor also scores top marks for Birkenstocks. They’re roomy enough for cashmere socks on the plane, and kind to swollen feet. Oh, and don't forget to wear your holiday hat, lest it be squashed in the overhead compartment, never to be the same again.Cycling shorts are a lifestyle choice if your surname is Kardashian or Hadid, which means wearing them with a crop top and pumped-up trainers if you’re headed to the airport. In the real world, lycra fans should choose high-waisted black leggings for the same comfort, but slightly more coverage, and a shacket like Bella’s to shield you from the air-con.Sophie Turner wore her Olivia von Halle pyjama set first to a party, and then with trainers as she walked through the airport in South Korea. The fact that they're 100 per cent silk keeps them looking fresh, regardless of how long you've been flying for. Our favourite equivalent? Yolke’s set, which is 94 per cent silk and 6 per cent spandex so it has a little stretch, plus you can mix-and-match its components upon arrival.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...September’s a pretty big month in fashion land. It’s the start of a brand new season and the biannual fashion shows are already underway. What that means for your wardrobe is that there has never been a better time to ape the street stylers and work out what they’re investing in. Because, trust us, the amount of work a fashion editor puts into planning their fashion month wardrobe proves that their wish list items won’t be a flash-in-the-plan, but rather fabulous this season and beyond.Bottega Veneta managed to create the shows that every fashion editor wants to wear. While square toe sandals were huge news for summer, they're not going anywhere soon. They work with longline shorts now and sheer black tights come winter. In between shows @holzweiler #hangwithholzweilerA post shared by  Pernille Teisbaek (@pernilleteisbaek) on Aug 7, 2019 at 10:46am PDTThe weather for micro-shorts may sadly be behind us, but knee-length bermudas are an entirely sensible proposition (yes, really). Wears yours with fashion editors’ favourite combo – a white tee and oversized blazer. Summer wind feels betterA post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on Aug 17, 2019 at 6:56am PDTForget the LBD, it’s all about the BLD this September. Prints or plain: it’s up to you, but sleeves and a high neck are mandatory.The trouser suit is a classic go-to in September (see Phoebe Waller-Bridge looking whip-smart in her frog-green Victoria Beckham number). If you want to keep your suit looking soft, opt for a pastel shade and what of it?A post shared by  imani (@champagnemani) on Jul 13, 2019 at 11:26am PDTThink of the satin shirt as more ’70s and less Strictly this season. Dial down the disco by choosing a solid colour rather than a retro pattern Linen, zebra and lime green cocktail for a long rosé-fuelled lunch 🌿 @eres *giftA post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Aug 25, 2019 at 11:11pm PDTChunky gold hardware isn’t about to do a disappearing act anytime soon, so stock up on chain necklaces and interlocking link earrings. Gigi Hadid wears her choker piled high with other trinkets, so don’t hold back.Summer’s over, which means it’s officially boot season. There are plenty of cowboys and knee-highs kicking about, but there’s something irresistible about a flat, thick-soled boot that can be worn with floral frocks and jeans alike.You might not have worn a tank top since the ’90s, but the slimline, sleeveless top is back, according to street stylers. Wear yours with jeans, à la Pixie Geldof, or style under a loose-fitting trouser suit.The blazer got a strong showing at last month’s Copenhagen Fashion Week – a sure sign that it will be everywhere at September’s shows. Choose a size up so you can roll the sleeves and get that lived-in look A Little Pattern Mixing This Tuesday 💞💙 @avavavfirenze #OsloA post shared by  NNENNA (@nnennaechem) on Aug 27, 2019 at 5:10am PDTEver since Prada put padded styles on the catwalk, the hairband has been a bona fide It accessory. Embrace your inner Sloane Ranger, we say.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week is nearly upon us, bringing with it the perfect opportunity to start working on next season’s shopping list.As the likes of Burberry, Roksanda, Erdem and Burberry add the finishing touches to their new collections, there’s just enough time to note these key dates in your monogrammed diary and catch up on the designers to know now…The official schedule begins on Thursday, September 12, with events running throughout the weekend, eventually coming to a close on Tuesday, September 17.For the first time in its history, London Fashion Week will be open to the public. In total, there will be six shows for which you can buy tickets. At the moment, only House of Holland and Self Portrait have been confirmed as two participating designers, with more to be revealed shortly.The two designers will host public-facing shows on Sunday, September 15 to present their current AW19 collection to London Fashion Week ticket holders at three different time slots; 10am, 1pm and 4pm.Two different types of tickets are available to buy. Standard tickets are £135 and include the following: access to a catwalk show, a free drink and LFW tote bag, access to the Positive Fashion talk and the accompanying exhibition.Front Row tickets cost £245 and include all of the above, plus front row seats, a goodie bag and access to the VIP lounge.Click here to buy your tickets for London Fashion Week.The majority of events take place at the British Fashion Council (BFC) Show Space on The Store X, 180 Strand, WC2. Other venues include the BFC Presentation Space (WC2), as well as many other private locations across the city. From Kensington Gardens to the Tate Modern, many of London's most famous landmarks have been used as show spaces throughout the years.Fashion Week comes around twice a year, with the autumn/winter collections shown in February and the spring/summer collections making their debut in September. Confused? The schedule was originally introduced so that editors and buyers could decide upon key looks for the upcoming season months before they’d arrive in the shops and on the pages of magazines. With social media making fashion more immediate and increasing numbers of designers opting for the ‘see now, buy now’ model, the traditional Fashion Month system has been called into question, but for now, it’s a case of business as usual…Major spoiler alert: Fashion Week doesn’t actually last for a week. Counterintuitive, we know. Instead, it takes place over five days, giving fashion editors a moment of respite before jetting off to Milan to catch the Gucci show.London’s show line-up isn’t short of big names. The full LFW schedule can be found here. Some of the big names to get super excited about are Victoria Beckham (taking place at 2pm on September 15), Burberry (5pm, September 16), Erdem (11am, September 16) and Simone Rocha (5pm, September 15).Sadly Topshop won't be showing on the fashion week schedule (they stopped showcasing at LFW for the first time last year) but taking their place in the Topshop Showspace are many exciting or up-and-coming designers like Molly Goddard, House of Holland, Preen, Fashion East, Nicopanda and Shrimps.Of all the four major fashion capitals, London’s prevailing sartorial mindset has always been ‘anything goes,’ whether that’s faux fur coats in neon hues (thanks, Shrimps) or a high street bargain. While show-goers no longer have to traverse the precarious cobbles of Somerset House, we’d still recommend flats or a chunky heel – trainers have never been more stylish, and Fashion Week is tiring…Felicity Hayward: What It’s Like To Be The Only Plus-Size Person On The Front RowMunroe Bergdorf: The Fashion Industry Needs To Treat Inclusivity As More Than A TrendNiomi Smart: Stacey Dooley Changed My Mind About Sustainable FashionLondon Fashion Week's Best Street StyleThe Most Titillating Front Row Action From London Fashion WeekLondon Fashion Week Delivers Virtuoso Party Wear For Girls That Feel The ColdSorry, But London Fashion Week Street Style Is Overwhelmingly BeigeThe Top Looks From The London Fashion Week Autumn Winer 2019 Shows© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I hate to tell you this, but it's coat weather. Don't worry, that Indian summer we're promised every September is apparently arriving next week but in the meantime, I'm wrapping up. Even if I hadn't caught an early autumn chill, I do think it's a good time to start thinking about your outerwear options for autumn and winter, largely because all the best coats start arriving now and sell out in no time at all. Case in point is Boden's new capsule collection that launches today, inspired by some truly great British women.Boden's main focus for AW19 is British creativity, the pinnacle of which is a 30-piece collection of coats, inspired by 'remarkable British women who dared to be different,' according to a press release from the brand. These women include Jane Austen, Ada Lovelace, Emily Brontë, Boudica (!) and Frances Burney, the novelist, diarist and playwright who was one of the first women to write openly about having breast cancer. Rose Blake, British artist and illustrator, has also created a series of portraits to accompany the collection.'Behind every great coat is a great woman,' says Boden. While it has to be said that I'm struggling slightly with the connection between Ada Lovelace, daughter of Lord Byron and the first ever computer programmer, and a colourblock wool-blend coat, I'm sold entirely on the actual coats themselves. There are red coats with leopard print, faux fur collars (for Jane Austen, obviously), a maxi coat available in grey or camel with flashes of colour, the aforementioned colour block coat that is as lovely for special occasions as it is just every day and a checked button-down that Boudica herself may have worn.*Only a few have been released so far, and there are some real jewels still to come, including a cosy Teddy coat that is sure to sell fast.As my first foray into the very idea of a coat since June, possibly, Boden's capsule collection is a lovely way to embrace the prospect of shorter days and colder weather. If we can claim to be channeling Jane Austen as we do so, then I'd consider that to be a bonus.*This claim is unsubstantiated.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last month we told you that THAT Zara dress came in black, and we all got over excited about it. Now we've got even bigger news. The famous dress (tent) which was beloved of British women this summer now has a wintery cousin, and she can be yours for just £49.99. It's the same shape (trust me - I tried it on at the weekend) and with your eyes closed it could almost be the white polkadot number. But unlike the white one, you stand a chance of wearing the blue and red version without bumping into a twin every thirty seconds.Why do we all love it so much? It's hard to say. Maybe because it's deliberately unflattering, or because it's impossibly easy to dress up for down? Whatever the reason, we love it. Stick it with a pair of ankle boots and a leather jacket and you're DONE. The black and white spotted dress sold out really quickly last time, so if you're keen to get your hands on the iconic dress, you want to get a wiggle on.If you don't want to buy another one (well done you, fast fashion is bad), you could always dye the one you've already got.READ MORE: This woman wore the Zara dress for her wedding (yes, really) © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fancy giving your wardrobe a refresh? Well, you can with these covetable items that are currently in shops.From lasting designer pieces to high street essentials you need to get before they’re gone, this round-up will have you covered for this month and beyond.Wear-everywhere midi dresses, practical jumpsuits and comfy heels are all top of the agenda – not to mention easy accessories that will instantly jazz up any outfit and some of the hottest brands on Instagram at the moment.Whether you buy right now or bookmark to shop later, peruse these beauties at your leisure. And prepare for a slew of compliments to roll in.Get your office game face on with this high-waisted number.Ganni's leopard print is the gift that keeps on giving.Swap open-toed sandals for snakeskin mules now it's officially autumn.Messika's 18ct gold ring with a halo of diamonds is a modern heirloom.The cool-girl way to do autumn.Cinch in blazers and blossom-printed dresses with this belt.These hoops will soon have wear-with-anything status in your jewellery box.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The temperature might be dropping, but don’t let that stop you from clinging on to what’s left of the summer — and your holiday wardrobe — just yet. This autumn, we’re taking cues from the style set, who have been layering dresses and trousers for the ultimate trans-seasonal outfit. It also means you don't need to buy anything new. Who doesn't, after all, have a dress and pair of trousers ready to go in their wardrobes? If you do feel the need to buy one of the dresses or pairs of trousers featured below, why not take the opportunity to donate something you don't wear anymore to TK Maxx, as part of our new campaign ro make fashion more circular? Read more about that here...In the meantime, we’ve compiled five ways you can rework this 90s classic combo so that it feels 2019 appropriate. BUY: Zara, Creased-Effect Camisole Dress, £29.99BUY, Zara, Creased-Effect Satin Trousers, £19.99Overcomplicating the situation with prints —especially when you’re trying a new trend— is a surefire way to look and feel like you’re being swallowed by your clothes. Take a more minimalist approach, choosing a slip like Zara's and styling it over matching trousers.BUY: Arket, Fleece Dress, £79BUY: Arket, Running Tights, £45If you're petite or worried about long swathes of fabric, why not try a jumper dress over sporty leggings? Arket's khaki hooded fleece over moss-coloured leggings is what all the cool girls will be wearing when the temperature drops.BUY: Stine Goya, Daki Dress, £218BUY: Stine Goya, John Pants, £194Playing around with contrasting fabric/textures/styles is a one-way-ticket to a more visually dynamic look. The frill-collar dress over these minimalist brown slacks is quite alluring, no?BUY: & Other Stories, Sheer Mesh Ruffle Tier Midi Dress, £95BUY: & Other Stories, Wool-Blend Dobby Tailored Trousers, £95This summer, sheer dresses in all sorts of pastel hues have been on our radar. Playing with sheers layers isn't for the faint of heart, but looks amazing when done right. Perhaps it's the Molly Goddard effect, but when it comes to sheer - the bigger, the better.Look for dresses with buttons that can be undone as you please. They make your dress way more versatile, so you can choose how many — or few — you button up depending on the waistline of your trousers. High street favourites & Other Stories and Zara have lots of great options, including this puff sleeve navy knit dress we spotted!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It hasn’t been the easiest year for Debenhams, once one of Britain’s best-loved department stores. It’s no secret that while a few fast fashion brands, particularly those of Love Island fame, have managed to stay afloat, and even prosper, the Great British High street chains have suffered enormously.Debenhams was able to avoid closure with a healthy cash injection of £200million and new clothing lines have since been introduced in an attempt to breathe new life into the brand. One such line is Kley, Debenhams’ own-brand answer to ‘Nu Minimalism’; think clean-cut lines, effortless everyday wear (or 'realwear' as Kley have named it) and practical separates designed by a female-led team. The brand is based upon four ‘L.I.F.E’ principles; Luxury, Important, Function, Essential. With this is mind, the clothing and accessories are set to stand the test of time. Designer Lucia Hefferman says “The collection is a combination of timeless wardrobe staples and ‘must have’ pieces offering items which we hope will be loved for years.” Head of Debenhams Womenswear Design, Helen Low explained, "The colour palette responds to the trend for Nu Minimalism - simple, sophisticated and calm. Prints are accents rather than heroes" meaning that individual pieces in the collection can be mixed, matched and rotated on a day-to-day basis in your wardrobe. Here just in time for us to stock up on back-to-school basics, we’re all for the affordable price points (£20 - £220) and must-have hero pieces including the dark blue leather coat, flared silk blouse and scarf detail knit jumper.Credit: DebenhamsCredit: DebenhamsCredit: DebenhamsCredit: DebenhamsCredit: DebenhamsCredit: DebenhamsCredit: DebenhamsCredit: Debenhams© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You’ve been dairy-free since watching the Cowspiracy documentary and have sworn the steaks on this summer’s barbeque are going to be strictly cauliflower. But what about your clothes? The fashion industry is the second largest polluter after oil, after all. That means, short of wearing your birthday suit 24/7, your next challenge now is to make your wardrobe as sustainable as possible. That’s where the high street comes in. Log onto Arket’s website, pop into a Lindex store or browse the shoe selection at M&S and you can’t miss it. The S-word is very much on the high street’s agenda.Fashion Revolution’s Fashion Transparency Index – launched as a response to the Rana Plaza factory collapse six years ago – ranked 200 of the world’s biggest fashion brands and retailers according to how much they disclose about their social and environmental policies, practices and impact. For 2019, high street behemoths such as Gap, H&M and M&S all fell within the 51-61 per cent bracket. What this means is that these brands are providing detailed supplier lists, which include information on manufacturers as well as processing facilities, and are among the best at making their future goals public. According to H&M’s most recent sustainability report, 95 per cent of cotton used is either recycled or sustainably sourced. It also has targets for continuing to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, and what it’s calling a “Water Roadmap” for its supply chain up to 2022. Have you ever wondered where your shirt is made? Now you can find out in which country, city and factory your favourite pieces are produced. We’re proud to be the first global fashion retailer to share this information. Learn more at http://hm.info/1cj7a. #HMConscious #HM #IMadeYourClothesA post shared by  H&M (@hm) on Apr 23, 2019 at 8:40am PDTLindex, too, launched a sustainability initiative this year called Your Smart Wardrobe. Pia Ekholm, the brand’s design and buying manager for womenswear explains: “We want to help our customer build a wardrobe that consists of great essentials that she’ll wear for seasons to come.” How this works in practice is that the shop assistants and personal shopping team are helping customers think about longevity. Impulse buying is out and mindfulness is in. “We guide her to buy things that she really needs,” says Eckholm. “Is there anything missing in her wardrobe? Does she need something for a specific occasion? What does she already have in her wardrobe that will go with it? These are all to avoid the ‘wrong purchases’ and to give multiple styling tips so that the garment she ends up buying can be used in lots of different ways.” We keep saying this. Over and over. Because we really want you to try this more mindful solution. Come see us in our stores to find out more and perhaps book a session with our Personal Shoppers. We are here to help you find your true style. In a way that is a little bit smarter. #Lindex #YourSmartWardrobeA post shared by  Lindex (@lindexofficial) on Apr 2, 2019 at 1:00am PDTArket, meanwhile, has made waves this summer with its sustainable swimwear. Its capsule of cossies and trunks made from reused and recycled nylon – including recovered fishing nets, discarded plastics and old carpets – launched back in April, with prices starting from £35 for a swimsuit.The brand also introduced a new initiative called ‘Recycle with Arket’. Similar to its sister store & Other Stories, customers can now bring their used clothes and textiles to any Arket in exchange for a 10 per cent discount on their next purchase, not to mention the knowledge that their unwanted clothes will find a new home in the ‘loop’. Discover ARKET’s new swimwear pieces, made with ECONYL® yarn derived from nylon waste and recovered fishing nets. Link in bio. - #ARKET #sustainableswimwearA post shared by  ARKET (@arketofficial) on May 28, 2019 at 2:39am PDTAs well as recycling old materials, there are plenty of high street brands investing in innovative new ones. Topshop has its PETA-approved vegan shoe collection, which is handmade in Spain and completely free from animal products. New Look launched its own vegan range at the beginning of August and M&S introduced vegan footwear earlier this year due to customer demand. “We noticed an increased interest in veganism with a rise of over 200 per cent in online searches for related products,” said a spokesperson for M&S. “We worked closely with our footwear designers to set up strict processes to ensure our synthetic products could be labelled ‘vegan-friendly’.”The fact that shoppers are concerned about being sustainable and making more ethical choices is encouraging – and is something that brands are experiencing across the high street. ASOS now has a denim collection made from 100 per cent sustainable cotton sourced through Cotton Made in Africa and the Better Cotton Initiative. “The customer response has been amazing, especially on social media,” says ASOS buyer Suzy Binns. “Our customers do care. They want to know more about what we’re doing to source responsibly and reduce our carbon footprint.” The response has been so positive that ASOS aims to get to 100 per cent sustainably sourced cotton by 2025, although the jeans range will already reach this target by autumn this year. While there may still be a long way to go, it seems the high street is certainly making strides in the right direction.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Boris Johnson's first Prime Minister's Questions went just the way you might have expected. It descended into a cacophony of indecipherable yelling, among which Johnson could barely be heard shouting at Jeremy Corbyn: 'Call an election then, you great big girl's blouse.' Aside from the hilarious vision of an overgrown blonde man, bright red in the face, yelling these words at another adult man, it was a depressing example of the state of UK politics right now. In this culture of outrage in which we all now reside, some have taken issue with the phrase Johnson used, deeming it sexist and derogatory. Of course, I see their point, and if you yourself have been offended by Johnson's words then I suggest you write to him to complain. I, myself, suggest it time that we all take up arms and reclaim the phrase. For what could be better than a truly brilliant blouse?Perhaps one of the best things to come of all this is that several American publications have been forced to publish in-depth explanations as to what, exactly, constitutes a big girl's blouse. The other excellent consequence is to remind us all of why blouses are so necessary, particularly in our current climate (and I mean that literally, not politically); it's not quite the end of summer yet but autumn hasn't officially arrived, either. So, what better time to break out your best, weather-proof blouse? What better time to radiate Big Girl's Blouse energy?Originally, blouses were predominantly part of a man's wardrobe, worn by workmen and struggling artists. For proof of this fact – lest you take me for a liar – is the historical text Shakespeare In Love, which is renowned for its meticulous attention to detail and, subsequently, its historical accuracy. And by Jove, can Joseph Fiennes wear a peasant blouse.More contemporary examples of men exhibiting BGB energy include Harry Styles and Alessandro Michele at the Met Gala in May of this year, both wearing truly spectacular Gucci blouses of Michele's design. In April of this year, US Vogue ran a story about the large amount of famous men who had taken to wearing pretty lace blouses. These included Sam Smith, Ezra Miller and even A$AP Rocky. Clearly, men are starting to realise something women the world over have always known: that blouses are versatile, transformative and easier to wear than, say, a statement dress.Recently, many brands have also benefitted from BGB energy, with many styles selling out rapidly. Rixo, for example, has produced many a sell-out blouse, as has Reformation, MaisonCléo and Instagram-based label Aurore Van Milhem, whose bow detail tops have been a huge hit with influencers, in particular. Just today, H&M launched its latest Studio collection, in which a number of blouses have already completely sold out.So, I say to people of all gender identities that it's time to invoke the power of BGB energy. Put on your blouse, go forth and prosper. Oh, and don't forget to vote.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Did you know that this season, there are six sessions at London Fashion Week open to the public? Join the first of the four global fashion weeks to invite the public into its world.Go behind-the-scenes of the London Fashion Week Hub to discover an immersive innovative experience which includes Designer Catwalks, the discoveryLAB: an experiential space where fashion meets art, technology and music and a #PositiveFashion Designer Exhibition where the creative work of progressive designers explore the most compelling stories around sustainability, community and diversity.UPDATE: This competition is now closed. We’re giving away eight pairs of tickets – but you’d better be quick!To enter:Follow @graziauk on InstagramDM us two names for the guestlist and your email addressThat’s it!Here’s the schedule!Saturday 14th SeptemberSession: 10:00 - 12:00Catwalk: ALEXACHUNGTalk: Participants to be announcedSession: 13:00 - 15:00Catwalk: ALEXACHUNGTalk: Participants to be announcedSession: 16:00 – 18:00Catwalk: ALEXACHUNGTalk: Participants to be announcedSunday 15th SeptemberSession: 10:00 – 12:00Catwalk: House of Holland & self-portraitTalk: Eva Chen x Laura BrownSession: 12:30 – 14:30Catwalk: House of Holland & self-portraitTalk: Henry Holland x Laura WeirSession: 15:00 – 17:00Catwalk: House of Holland & self-portraitTalk: Billy Porter x Lindsay Peoples WagnerTo buy tickets head to: londonfashionweek.co.uk/tickets and get 20% off with offer code LFWGR2READ MORE: The Best Celebrity Looks At New York Fashion Week 2019Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is seen walking around SoHo in NYC. Credit: Getty Sarah Michelle Gellar, Lucy Liu, and Alicia Silverstone pose for a photo together at the Christian Siriano show at Gotham Hall in New York City Credit: GettyKendall Jenner is out and about in midtown NYC.Credit: GettyMum-to-be Ashley Graham was spotted out in NYC. Credit: GettyActress Julianne Moore is shown arriving at the Longchamp SS20 Runway Show.Credit: GettyKendall Jenner makes a case for highlighter yellow while walking around Manhattan. Credit: GettySupermodel Kate Moss looks stunning while attending the Longchamp SS20 show. Credit: GettyModel Winnie Harlow is seen visiting the Times Square EDITION. Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse attends the Vanity Fair Saks Fifth Avenue NY Fashion Week Party.Credit: GettyJameela Jamil attends the Jeremy Scott front row during NYFW: The Shows at Gallering I at Spring Studios. Credit: GettyModel Halima Aden arrives at The Daily Front Row's 7th annual Fashion Media Awards. Credit: GettyModels Gigi Hadid and Irina Shayk are pictured at the Jeremy Scott front row. Credit: GettyZendaya attends the Harper's Bazaar "ICONS by Carine Roitfield at the Plaza Hotel. Credit: GettyAshley Graham attends the Harper's Bazaar "ICONS by Carine Roitfield at the Plaza Hotel. Credit: GettyHalima Aden attends the 2019 Harper's Bazaar ICONS. Credit: GettyMaisie Williams attends the Helmut Lang front row.Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse is seen at Self-Portrait Spring Summer 2020. Credit: GettyAnna Kendrick arrives at the Kate Spade New York Arrivals at Elizabeth Street Gardens. Credit: GettyKate Moss's daughter Lila Grace attends the Longchamp SS20 Runway Show. Credit: GettyKendall Jenner is seen walking about the East Village in NYC. Credit: GettyAshley Graham attends the Christian Siriano show at Gotham Hall. Credit: GettyModel Lily Aldridge is seen arriving at the Ralph Lauren Fashion Show at Ralph's Club. Credit: GettyGame of Thrones star Maisie Williams attends the Bergdorf Goodman show. Credit: GettyWinnie Harlow attends a party at Cipriani in SoHo, NYC. Credit: GettyEmily Blunt attends the Tory Burch NYFW SS20 show at the Brooklyn Museum. Credit: GettyBella Hadid is spotted leaving the Ralph Lauren SS20 show.Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is spotted out in the East Village in NYC. Credit: GettyJameela Jamil attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyLily Aldridge poses at the Bowery Hotel. Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyBella Hadid is spotted walking around NYC. Credit: GettyIskra Lawrence is seen on the FROW at Raisavanessa. Credit: GettyHalima Aden is pictured outside the Tory Burch show. Credit: GettyBella Hadid attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyGeorgia May Jagger attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyBarbie Ferreira attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyMaggie Gyllenhaal and Suki Waterhouse attend the Adeam SS20 show at West Edge.Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is spotted walking around NYC. Credit: GettyModel Leomie Anderson attends the Longchamp SS20 show.Credit: GettyKatie Holmes attends the Ellie Tahari front row at Spring Studios. Credit: GettyZendaya is seen at The Daily Front Row's 7th Annual Fashion Media Awards. Credit: GettyMandy Moore attends the Ralph Lauren SS20 show. Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse is pictured at the Adeam SS20 Dinner. Credit: GettyGigi Hadid attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyJanelle Monáe attends the Ralph Lauren SS20 show. Credit: GettyEmma Roberts is seen outside the Kate Spade SS20 show. Credit: GettyWinnie Harlow is seen arriving at the Harper's Bazaar ICONS.Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is pictured arriving at the Ralph Lauren SS20 show at Ralph's Club. Credit: GettyModel Hailey Bieber attends Alexander Wang x Bvlgari party. Credit: GettyHunter Schafer attends the Tommy x Zendaya Runway Show at the Apollo Theater. Credit: GettyKate Moss arrives at the Fashion Media awards in NYC. Credit: GettyParis Hilton performs in 'The Blonds x Moulin Rouge! The Musical Fashion Show' at The Al Hirschfeld Theatre Credit: GettyEmily Ratajkowski attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettyKate Hudson attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettyNicole Kidman attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettySuki Waterhouse attends the Michael Kors SS20 show at Duggal Greenhouse in Brooklyn.Credit: GettyBella Hadid is seen leaving the Park Avenue Armory after walking in the Marc Jacobs SS20 show. Credit: GettyGigi Hadid is seen leaving the Park Avenue Armory after walking in the Marc Jacobs SS20 show. Credit: GettyZendaya is pictured at the Marc Jacobs SS20 show at the Park Avenue Armory. Credit: GettyAnwar Hadid and Dua Lipa are pictured at the Marc Jacobs SS20 show at the Park Avenue Armory, where his sisters Bella and Gigi walked. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Term time has begun. Everyone has gone back to school, your holiday tan is fading quicker than Boris Johnson's sense of hope and you heard a colleague mention Christmas yesterday. It's September. This means that, while last week was still dominated by high temperatures and billowing cotton dresses, this week calls for ankle boots and lightweight knitwear. It's not cold, as such. It's just that we all got used to heatwave life, which liberated our minds from the tyranny of outerwear. Is it too hot for a full-on coat or too cold for just a denim jacket? These are now the sorts of questions plaguing us on a daily basis, nevermind what on earth we should be wearing on our feet. I would argue that sandals still seem appropriate – warmer temperatures are forecast for next week, after all, and you don't want to force your poor toes into socks and tights any sooner than is necessary. So, whatever you do on a daily basis, here's a very helpful (and humble) guide to getting dressed for work every single day while the weather is just plain weird. BUY: Cefinn, Callie Cotton Front Bib Shirt Collar, £190Samantha Cameron’s Cefinn is always a winner for workwear that’s chic instead of coporate. Her newly launched range of shirts, long-sleeved with bib collars and ever-so-slightly puffed sleeves, are perfect for wearing with simple black trousers when temperatures spike. (Tip: buy a size up so the fabric doesn’t cling to your skin.)BUY: COS, Panelled Sleeveless Dress, £115Put the power dresses on ice until further notice. What you need now is something sleeveless that has a pleasingly relaxed silhouette. This COS number is just the ticket. It hits that sweet spot on the mid-calf, still has a flattering A-line shape and looks like a flash of sunshine. You can also layer it over long sleeved tops if you feel a bit chilly. BUY: Zara, Linen Blazer With Pockets, £69.99A trouser suit might be non-negotiable for some, but the rest of us should swap the matching two-piece for a linen blazer and white trousers combo. Stick to a spectrum of light neutrals on the top half - cream, biscuit and camel, you know the drill - and finish with tortoiseshell shades.BUY: Aeyde, Chrissy Sandal, £130Put your espadrilles away, for you won't be needing them for a while. If you're not ready to pack away summer just yet, try a minimalist sandal. Aeyde’s three-strap style ticks all the boxes - flat, smart and wear-with-anything.BUY: Me+Em, Tie-Front AM-PM Jumpsuit, £169If your day starts with a breakfast meeting and finishes with work drinks, then you need something that’s smart but not square. Me+Em specialises in transformable clothing, like this AM-PM jumpsuit. It has three neckline options - round, V and keyhole - so you can zip or unzip depending on the time of day and temperature.BUY: Dai, Flare Game Trousers Midnight, £190Dai is your one-stop-shop for workwear that acts like performancewear. Every woman should have a pair of cropped, kick-flare trousers - so much more flattering than a straight cigarette style - and Dai’s are breathable, quick-drying, machine washable and resistant to pilling.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The 90s is having a bit of a fashion moment. All the cool girls are wearing teeny shoulder bags, oversized tailoring, straight-leg jeans and slimline sunglasses but, should you need further evidence, it’s also the decade that Dua Lipa mined for her new collection with London denim brand Pepe Jeans. 'I was inspired by a mixture of the Nineties and early Noughties - off-duty supermodels and the grunge club scene,’ she says, adding that her style was influenced by a childhood spent in London, where she remembers her mum taking her to the Pepe Jeans shop on Portobello Road. ‘London has a totally different feel to Paris or Milan. There’s something a bit more gritty about it.’The collection, which had its launch party last night and is already available to shop online, has all your 90s staples - chainmail tops, dresses and skirts, silky slips, tank tops - as well as, of course, plenty of denim in the form of maxi dungaree dresses, barrel-leg jeans and even corsets. ‘I love jeans in all shapes and colours,’ says Lipa. What about her favourite piece from the collection? ‘The metallic silver dress. It can be dressed down with heavy boots or look super glamorous on a night out with heels,’ she says.Super fans are also in luck; prices start from £27. ‘I definitely designed with my fans in mind and can’t wait to see them wearing it.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The arrival of a new season brings with it the need for a wardrobe refresh. While last year's jumpers and jackets can certainly make a re-appearance, fresh designs won't go amiss either. The first place we're looking for inspiration? High-street retailer Mango: it's autumnal offering boasts an enchanting Bohemian air and an array of gorgeous brown and neutral hues. Not to mention, the pieces in the collection were created using ecological or recycled fabrics produced in sustainable energy companies, meaning your new wardrobe won't harm the environment...Chic and comfortable, a pair of loose high-waisted trousers will be a key component in any autumn outfit. For versatility, opt for a neutral hue like cream, so that you can mix-and-match with any colour top.Complete any autumn outfit with these pointed knee-high boots. If you're to invest in any boots for next season, make sure they're leather, as a sturdy pair will see you through the remainder of this year and beyond. 👢Our current obsession? This vintage-looking side bag from Mango, which will make the perfect new addition to our workwear wardrobe. We'll take two.Accessories shouldn't ever go amiss, and you certainly won't want to leave them out of your outfit when they look this chic. Tie an autumnal printed scarf around your neck for a look that's catwalk-worthy.Oversized jumpers won't ever go out of style, so investing in one is a smart move. We love this fuzzy burnt orange one from  Mango. Best worn half-tucked into jeans or layered over a maxi skirt.Shrug off the winter cold with this luxe tan jacket from Mango. Throw it over a knitted jumper or wear over a romantic blouse - it'll keep you warm but also elevate your outfit. 👏🏽Whilst neutral colours like brown and cream will reign supreme this AW19, prints are still here to stay. Our favourite style? Indian batik patterns, like those detailed on this pretty maxi dress from Mango. We love.Ruffles + a high neckline + checkered print = our dream autumn top. Pair with high-waisted trousers for an elegant look.🖤For when a casual jacket simply won't do, opt for a timeless number like this ultra long cream coat. You'll be able to wear it to the office and to after-work drinks. Double win.Shop these AW19 pieces and more online and in-store at Mango. #MangoAW19 #SharedMoments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Make your first resolution a promise to stop throwing things away. TK Maxx has been running a Give Up Your Clothes For Good campaign with Cancer Research UK for 15 years. Get involved by donating as many bags of clothes, accessories and homewares as you want in store at TK Maxx. So far, the campaign has raised £32.5 million towards vital research into improving survival rates and reducing long-term side effects for children and young people with cancer. The charity TRAID stops all kinds of belongings getting binned by working in 191 boroughs across the UK, with a network of more than 1,500 donation banks, home collections and charity shops. Find the closest to you at traid.org.ukIt’s so much easier to make minor repairs than you might imagine – and can really help renew your commitment to your clothes. ‘Mending encourages us to value our clothes differently,’ says TRAID’s engagement officer, Chanelle Joseph. ‘Working on a garment gives us an understanding, perhaps for the first time, of the resources that go into producing fashion. Repairing challenges fast fashion’s short-term fix by enabling us to become users of clothes and not only consumers.’Jobs like replacing buttons, removing stains and darning patches or holes can all be done by hand and take a few minutes, says Stephanie Campbell, who works on WRAP’s Love Your Clothes campaign. She suggests investing in a starter kit of scissors, coloured threads, sewing needles, straight pins, a tape measure, a thimble and a seam ripper – and hitting Love Your Clothes’ website for sewing tutorials. Follow Insta sewers, @sewoveritlondon, @sewrendipity and @newcrafthouse to buy fabrics, book classes and generally get stitch-happy.Given the millennial generation’s environmental awareness – and desire for a night out that’s geared around something other than white wine – plenty of crafting classes are popping up. Fabrications, run by Barley Massey on Hackney’s Broadway Market, has a fortnightly Craft Club, where people can bring their own projects and ‘sewcialise’, as well as classes like zero-waste sewing and up-cycling your clothes with hand embroidery. The Sewing Directory has a nationwide database of workshops that you can search by date, county and company at thesewingdirectory.co.ukIf something proves too fiddly to fix at home, take it to a professional. Personal stylist Anna Berkeley advises, ‘Ask around locally about dry cleaners; some are amazing and can do simple alterations like taking a waist in. You find the best seamstresses by going into expensive boutiques in your area and asking who they use.’ If you’re based in London or Bristol, you can book a seamstress to come to your home via Sewn Right, a company that delivers sewing services to your door.For shoes and handbags that are past their prime, no one does a better job than The Restory, a repair service for luxury goods that you can book online or arrange in-store at Harvey Nichols, Knightsbridge, and Selfridges, Trafford Manchester and Oxford Street. ‘We offer standard repairs, which cover re-heeling, re-soling, zip replacement and many others, with a turnaround of seven-to-10 days,’ says Emily John, the company’s co-founder and head of marketing and business development. ‘What’s more complex is our advanced services, where we offer colour and leather restoration, re-edging, stitching, dyeing and pretty much anything else. Our aim is to offer a solution for every item we see.’Emily’s passionate about making items last, and says the people using their services are too. ‘In the luxury sector, there’s an assumption that if you can afford a new item, you’d throw a damaged one away, which is not what we see with our clients.’ Standard services cost from £20; colour and leather restoration services from £105; therestory.comLooking for the convenience factor? The restoration artisans at ShoeSpa offer free email consultation, as well as the ability to pick up your worn out shoes and have them delivered, good-as-new, to your door. Prices range from £9 for protective coatings to £79 for personalised redesign or dyeing; shoespa.co.ukFallen out of love with any old rings, necklaces and bracelets? Ruth Tomlinson, a London-based jeweller, takes resetting commissions as well as making bespoke creations from scratch. It’s not cheap, but it’s worth it if you can make something you’ll wear every day. ‘Every piece of jewellery that comes to us has a history,’ she says. ‘It might be a family heirloom that is outdated, or it could be a traditional engagement ring that a client has worn for many years, which they are now ready to update for a new chapter. It’s about giving something with sentimental value a new life.’ Services start from £1,500; ruthtomlinson.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Once, vintage shopping meant trawling through musty rails at a second-hand store or car boot sale. Now it’s as easy as the tap of a finger, thanks to the rise of vintage dealers, fashion editors and influencers on Instagram, selling a personal curation of pre-loved fashion finds on their feeds.The movement makes sense. With a million tonnes of clothes disposed of every year in the UK and over 20% of that ending up in landfill, the idea of buying pre-loved clothing is ever more appealing. Even more so if you can do it in just a few easy swipes.Charon Cooijmans, founder of @theceiling.shop – which offers ’80s and ’90s vintage – was one of the pioneers of the booming vintage Insta scene. Having worked as a model for a decade, initially her Instagram account was a way of upcycling her personal vintage collection. ‘After living in Paris and New York, I returned home and based myself in Amsterdam. Over the years, I collected so many beautiful pieces that I thrifted from all over,’ she remembers, of setting it up in December 2017. Today, she sources pieces direct for the account – with highlights including Céline mules, a YSL slip dress and Versace oval sunnies.‘With The Ceiling, I want to offer a curated selection of vintage with an edge; pieces that you’ll keep for a long time, or better, a lifetime. Pieces you want to wear over and over. It’s not necessary to desire new things all the time.’Buying vintage directly via Instagram, where the sellers often model, photograph and style the items themselves, perhaps makes sense – not least because you can correspond directly with the dealer about what piece you’re looking for. ‘Obviously, I know [my regular customers’] sizes and preferences, but I’m also up to date on their holiday destinations, pregnancies and other highlights that need special occasion dressing,’ Charon explains.The majority of traders will post new items at specific times, so find out when these are and turn on your notifications so you don’t miss outIt’s a similar story at @retold_vintage, which was spawned from a love of vintage matched with a desire to offer a fast fashion substitute. ‘I was going through a period of change in my consumer values after leaving a high-street retailer job I’d had for 15 years, and I was turning to vintage more as an alternative to buying new,’ London-based founder Clare Lewis explains.Offering ‘a mix of tailored blazers and trousers, as well as gorgeous blouses that you can throw on with jeans,’ Retold is perfect for anyone with a penchant for ’90s minimalism and a muted colour palette. ‘I know when I’ve discovered a treasure, I can’t wait to share it with all my followers [17K and counting]. But there are also times when my customers really surprise me. Sometimes I post items I may not have been so sure about, and the response is amazing. Each time, I learn a little bit more about what they’d like to see and it takes me out of my comfort zone.’For those daunted by the prospect of shopping for vintage virtually, Clare Lewis has tips to ensure you make the best purchases. ‘The majority of traders will post new items at specific times, so find out when these are and turn on your notifications so you don’t miss out. Invest in a tape measure and know your measurements. Most vintage traders will describe the garment in inches/ cm rather than standard sizes.’ And find the ‘vint-influencer’, who suits your style.Queen of the printed dress, for example, stylist and fashion editor Florrie Thomas, announced last month that she would be selling vintage dresses that she’s collected throughout her career through her Instagram @florriet. ‘Unfortunately, we’ve all been programmed to love the thrill of the new, which is something I battle with as much as the next person. Aside from the obvious advice to buy less and be conscious of choosing better quality pieces that aren’t simply fads, buying something that has had a life before is a way of indulging in something new whilst recycling.’But for all the pros of Instagram vintage dealers, Florrie does warn buyers that they might need to be willing to adapt their purchase. ‘Don’t be afraid to buy things that need taking up or in. I use my local dry cleaner for this,’ she explains. ‘A lot of the ’70s sweeping dresses I’m selling look more modern when they’re taken up to show a little ankle, and this can normally be done very inexpensively.’If you are looking to try before you buy, however, peer-to-peer social shopping app Depop has just opened a space in the Selfridges Designer Studio. The pop-up, open until the end of October, features a curation of Depop’s top sellers, introducing their otherwise digital inventories to people in the real world. Throughout September, they will ‘introduce a roster of individuals who are focused on upcycling, reworking and extending the life of garments within a sustainability narrative’, Peter Semple, Depop’s chief marketing officer, tells Grazia.However you chose to find your vintage treasures, though, as Florrie Thomas affrms, ‘the thrill of finding and wearing something totally unique is really like no other’.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Summer 2019 could be remembered for a lot of things; the summer Celine Dion stole Couture week in Chanel spandex; the summer ‘it is what it is’ became a legitimate reply; the summer a man who once got stuck half way along a zip wire waving the Union Jack and sporting a tremendous wedgie became our Prime Minister. But for me, summer 2K19 will be remembered as the summer of the dress.Puff-sleeved midis, airy smocks, silky slips and modest maxis – thanks to fashion’s all-consuming love affair with dresses, the last three months have been a veritable celebration of the leg-liberating item. A festival du frock, if you will. Nary a sun-filled week has gone by without a new and oh-so covetable iteration hitting the shops, from ASOS’ trapeze maxi to Kitri’s sell-out Pepto-pink button-down and of course that polka dot Zara number, which has proven so popular someone actually got married in it.I – along with every other woman I know – have gobbled these frocks up, relishing in their one-step dressing ease and versatility; you can wear them to the office, to the shops, the park, to dinner! Simply add a pair of summery sandals – be they barely there mules, K-Middy-style espadrille wedges or a leather thong (flip-flops, not pants) – and you’re good to go. Warm weather dressing nailed.But as we reach the schorching tail-end of August and sandal season draws to a close (sob) the question is, how do we wear our dresses now?Fortunately, the world of fashion is a resourceful one and the answer to this particular sartorial conundrum presented itself during Copenhagen Fashion Week. Ditching their skimpy slip-ons, editors and street stylers rendered their floaty summer frocks autumn-ready by instead teaming them with altogether more substantial footwear; think chunky ‘Dad’ trainers, clompy biker boots and hefty hiking shoes. One part waft to one part clonk, the combination has proven to be the ultimate trans-seasonal style equation, extending the lifespan of our frocks for for months to come – hurrah.When trying this at home, the key to success is to remember the following: the waftier the dress, the clonkier the shoe. The aim here is to ground that summer flipiness in something more solid – and, well, be able to wear socks. Here are five ways to do it...A true summer staple, the slinky slip dress chimes in perfectly with autumn’s mood for grunge, meaning it’s got plenty more style miles in it yet. While a clompy ankle boot might be the obvious seasonal switch-up shoe of choice (very Courtney Love) a fresher take comes by way of the robust ‘Dad’ trainer. Think sporty lace-ups with soles so chunky they could double as a doorstop. As well as giving you a little extra height, this pairing makes for a supremely comfortable combination – perfect for dress down Friday and weekend trips to the pub.While several fash-packers are wearing brightly coloured styles (Nike’s MK2 Tenko and Adidas’ EQT Gazelles being particularly popular), a monochrome style gives more pairing options thanks to the versatile colour way. Try Hush’s lace-trimmed leopard print slip (£65, hush-uk.com) with the black and white Match from Steve Madden (£90, kurtgeiger.com) for a Scary meets Sporty Spice look.Western boots are back for autumn in a big way having been seen on the catwalks at Louis Vuitton, Alberta Ferretti and Versace. The perfect accompaniment to those folksy, floral maxis we’ve been wearing all summer long, the revival couldn’t have come at a better time.Keep the look refined rather than rodeo by choosing a pair of boots that have just a hint of cowboy about them such as & Other Stories’ square toe cowboy boots (£135, stories.com) or Aeyde’s Kate ankle boots (£265, net-a-porter.com) which come in classic black, snake or cream.When it comes to transforming an ultra-pretty puff-sleeved dress for new-season wear, you’ll need footwear that contrasts its cutsie appeal and with its tough-nut buckles and stompy appeal, the biker boot is just the ticket. Seen on the Molly Godard autumn/winter ‘19 catwalk, this combination has more than a touch of Killing Eve’s Villanelle about it.If your frock hits mid-calf or below then a taller biker boot, such as Zara’s studded bikers (£95.99, zara.com), will work wonderfully. For shorter hem lengths an ankle-length boot will offer a more flattering proportion. Try Hush’s Roslin boots (£230, hush-uk.com) or Mango’s leather zip-up numbers (£69.99, mango.com). Wear with bare legs now, adding tights when necessary.Having been a sartorial smash hit last autumn, hiking boots make a return for the new season and, when paired with a pretty prairie dress, chime in with the current fashion mood for all things country living.The high street is awash with affordable iterations; try Marks & Spencer for its chocolate hikers with contrasting red laces (£45, marksandspencer.com) or Office for its track-soled black style (£89, office.co.uk) which also come in tiger stripe (great with a plain black frock). Accessorise with a pair of thick socks and a Fair Isle knit slung over your shoulders when yomping through open fields.Last seen in Laura Ashley circa 1975, the ditsy-print nightdress has been one of the key looks of the summer and, thanks to Greta Gerwig’s upcoming Little Women remake (which features the style heavily), will be big for the coming season too.While Jo March and sisters might team their prim frocks with neat lace-ups, a classic white plimsoll makes for a far more contemporary combination and moves the look away from fancy dress. Look for a style with a platform sole, such as Kurt Geiger’s Laney (£199, kurtgeiger.com) or Schuh’s canvas Surprise plimsolls (£30, schuh.co.uk), for extra chunk.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...By now, you’ve probably acquired a reusable coffee cup, eschewed plastic bags for the cloth one you dutifully tote everywhere, and even got used to those soggy paper straws. Perhaps you’ve tried meat-free Monday, and you’ve definitely become au fait with terms like ‘carbon offsetting’ and ‘greenwashing’. Recycling, reducing, reusing? Been there, done that, got the (organic cotton) T-shirt. In the last couple of years, sustainability has graduated from peripheral issue to central concern of the cultural zeitgeist (hello, Greta Thunberg and Extinction Rebellion).In this more conscious climate, few industries have had to do more self-examination than fashion. According to the UN, it’s responsible for 20 per cent of global waste water and 10 per cent of global waste emissions. We are starting to understand that our insatiable demand for newness has consequences – and that a £1 bikini (as produced this summer by Missguided) comes with an environmental and ethical cost not worth paying.The latest buzz-phrase in the sustainability lexicon is ‘circular fashion’. If you don’t know your tencel from your econyl, here’s a brief explainer. Circular fashion, in short, means ensuring that every component of a clothing item’s life span is cyclical. It demands rigorous, radical reshaping of the linear system – design, produce, sell, wear, the end – traditionally in place. ‘Technically speaking, circular fashion essentially means designing out waste,’ explains Eco-Age co-founder and creative director Livia Firth. ‘Designing products that can naturally break down without causing harm, or that can be recycled without losing quality, so that we are only working with what we have already, rather than constantly making new materials that will end up in landfill.’Thomas Berry, director of sustainable business at Farfetch – which recently launched a Second Life initiative for used handbags – adds, ‘This refers to systems where resources are not “used up” (ie they don’t become waste) but are used again, either in the same form (reuse), or after being broken down and recycled.’ In other words, if you buy a T-shirt made of organic cotton, but then simply bin it when you’re bored of it, you’ve missed the point.Luxury resale site Vestiaire Collective recently worked with Dr Anna Bismar, who coined the term ‘circular fashion’ in 2014, on an easily digestible Consumer Guide to Circular Fashion. ‘Anna talks about how fashion products should be designed with high longevity, resource efficiency, non-toxicity, biodegradability, recyclability and good ethics in mind. As well as efficient, safe and ethical practices,’ explains Vestiaire’s co-founder Sophie Hersan.‘Brands and designers need to start asking questions and do their research to find solutions that work for them. Buying stock fabric that is “seasonless” is a great way to support a circular system, as the fabric can be reused across multiple collections,’ says Amy Powney, creative director of Mother of Pearl, which has a much-lauded ethically and environmentally conscious collection, No Frills. This seasonless ethos must also translate to design. ‘We have launched core styles that never go into a sale, and ensure we are not creating product that’s too seasonally specific.’So, what can we do as consumers? First, we must be conscious about what we buy. Livia Firth advises we all try to shop less and ask more questions about where clothes are made, in what conditions, and from what materials. But she admits as ‘none of us go around with an encyclopedia or readily available answers,’ and so urges, ‘The most useful thing is always, regardless of where you buy, ask yourself: “Will I wear it a minimum of 30 times?” If the answer is yes, go ahead, but you will be surprised how many times the answer is no.’For a circular fashion eco-system to function, we also need to rewire our tastes away from must-have-now to will-love-forever. ‘Look out for pieces you actually would love to own and wear for the long term,’ says designer Richard Malone. ‘Also, shop vintage. Production in the 70s and 80s – especially in Britain – was of an incredible quality. So vintage stores, charity shops or auctions are often a lot better value for what you’re buying. It’s cheaper, will last much longer and no-one else will have it.’‘Moving away from buying pieces for “one summer” or “one event” is a must,’ echoes Mother of Pearl’s Powney. ‘Why not try renting if you need to wear something that you know you won’t likely wear again?’ She’s right – you can still get a newness fix without actually buying new. The new wave of fashion rental services are all about keeping clothes in circulation for longer – something we can all get on board with if we’re considerate about what we do with unwanted clothing.Sophie Hersan advises, ‘Products should be used for as long as possible, through good care, repair, refurbishment and sharing among multiple users over time – for example, through secondhand sites such as ours. We engage people to become more conscious of the life and quality of a garment.’ So yes, consider giving that tired old dress a second chance. Repair it or get it redesigned (you’d be amazed the difference a nipped-in waist or shortened hem can make). And if you really are going to cite irreconcilable differences with a garment, then sell it, donate it, or swap it with a friend – whatever you do, don’t chuck it.Slowly but surely, a change is happening. If we keep moving in the right direction, soon the biggest compliment you’ll get is: ‘I love your dress. Is it old?’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's official: the weather is confusing. I know, we're wont to say this every other week. But this time, it's really true. After battling through a frankly weird August, full of rainy showers, intermittent sunshine and a few gales, we're edging into September in a heatwave of sorts. This means that it's more difficult than usual to get excited about new knitwear and ankle boots when blazing sunshine and rosé are still the order of the day. Still, Sézane's new collection is certainly helping, and may even be convincing me that falling leaves and crisp temperatures are preferable to all the frozen margaritas you can throw at me.The first thing that piqued my interest is that the jumpers have just the right amount of fluff. From roll necks and cardigans that are anything but boring to check print crew necks, the knitwear is truly excellent. The sorts of pieces you can throw on with jeans and flats and still look like you've really tried.Then, there's the button-front jumpsuits, the leather mini skirts and the sorts of well-cut blazers I always imagined I should own. And the accessories– buttery soft leather bags, smart cross-bodies and chic lace-up boots. Honestly, it's enough to make you look forward to shorter nights and cold days. And I don't say that lightly.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The '90s: Oh, how we love thee. A decade that introduced us to Kate Moss, Clueless and The Craft. And er, blue mascara. Now, thanks to the off duty wardrobe of Bella Hadid, not to mention the last few seasons on the catwalks, the throwback fashion trend looks set to stay.But there’s one comeback in particular we’re mega excited about right now: Winona Ryder. The 44-year-old actress is back on our screens again - with cult Netflix series Stranger Things. If you're yet to watch it, prepare to turn your phone off for an entire weekend binge watching this edgy and stylish thriller set in the 1980s.But it's snaps of the star in her nineties heyday – with her cool girl-next-door-grunge vibe and pixie haircuts that made us all want to chop off our locks, that serve us style and beauty inspiration still nearly three decades later.Here’s Grazia’s pick of the most iconic looks from Winona Ryder to curb your nostalgia cravings...Winona may be known for her brunette locks, but who could forget her blonde makeover in 1990 dark fantasy Edward Scissorhands?Winona rocks a 50s-style dress in a tricky hue and still manages to look like the coolest girl in the room at a movie premiere in 1998.Elfin features + pixie hair cut = perfection.This oversized, all-black ensemble is now on our wish list for AW19.Want to dress up your LBD? Stick on a statement monochrome dress coat a la Miss Ryder.Does anyone else look this excellent in a leather jacket? Sweet and shimmery at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.Donning her colour of choice at the 1997 Oscars: Black, natch.Working the grown out pixie cut and no-makeup look that dominated the mid-90s red carpet.Winona doing her best toned down Morticia A. Addams impression in 1992. Rocking a 1920's style dress at the 1994 Oscars. The long strapless dress. Sleek updo. Minimal makeup. Done, done and done.Claire Danes and Winona starred in 1994 drama Little Women together. And off-screen the pair rocked the most '90s red carpet looks ever.Nostalgic accessories alert...READ MORE: Kate Moss Is Reviving This Iconic '90s ShoeREAD MORE: The Noughties Velour Tracksuit Is Back!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rita Ora has unveiled a collection of shoes - and, luckily, they’re just as glam and glitzy as she is.The popstar has teamed up with Deichmann for a collection of autumn boots, which she unveiled in Germany on Wednesday.The collection includes the hottest trend themes of the coming season, such as sneakers in silver or gold metallic look with a plateau sole - and ankle boots, lace-up boots and brogues adorned with rock studs and buckles.Taking to the stage to play an acoustic set, Rita wowed in an incredible pair of over-knee sock-boots from the collection, which have been embellished with rhinestones.But, even though the singer was wearing the knee-high shoes, her favourite part of the collection are actually the trainers she’s designed.‘I grew up loving sneakers,’ she told Deichmann. ‘I was a total sneaker-head! So my favourite piece was actually doing the gold sneakers and the silver sneakers because I secretly - even though now I wear heels on stage and my fashion sense has expanded - I always have that thing inside me like "you can never beat a good pair of trainers".’Credit: DeichmannOur favourite picks from the Rita Ora Radiate collection2of5‘Self-confidence is so important, and I think that feeling starts with a shoe that makes you feel good,’ Rita added. ‘I think that what we have created achieves that beautifully.’The #Radiate Rita Ora for Deichmann collection consists of 40 styles and is available in stores and at Deichmann.com.READ MORE: Rita Ora: ‘I Haven’t Felt This Free In A Long Time’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Until Tuesday of this week, I had almost forgotten the all-consuming obsession that once possessed my soul. The year was 2002 and, while sulking around the house, I discovered my brother's sordid collection of Dawson's Creek videos. (He will not thank me for this but I will omit his name in order to protect his identity.) Suddenly, my small town, Lincolnshire life paled in comparison to the thrilling exploits of teenagers-who-dress-like-middle-aged-adults in Capeside. It was Joey who became the focus of this obsession, however. I was 12 and I wanted to be her. I started to talk out of the side of my mouth, because this is how Joey spoke. Pacey fancied her, for heaven's sake! She sang On My Own in a beauty pageant! I started practicing in my bedroom.Why am I making such a humiliating revelation on the internet? Because this week, friends, I saw a photograph of Katie Holmes in a cashmere bra(!) and matching cardigan and my obsession with her Dawson's Creek character washed over me in an instant. Nevermind Joey's prom dress. Holmes just invented the Most Perfect Outfit, made it look effortless and all in the midst of a very public break-up.I've always wondered what I would look like if I were to be papped on the street – if I were caught unawares while running errands against an urban backdrop. Well, let me tell you – I would not look like this. There she was, on the streets (those lucky streets) of New York City, hailing a taxi. Holmes had, that morning, put on her cashmere bra, matching cardigan and best blue jeans and told the world that nobody else could ever tackle end-of-summer dressing with such aplomb ever again. It was the way the cardigan fell off one shoulder – so insouciant, so casual! It was the hint of a tan, the subtle glimpse of the bra (did I mention it's made of cashmere?). Simple black mules, sunglasses, a low-key gold necklace, a messy bun and a chain-strap bag just slung over her shoulder were the only accompaniment.'Katie Holmes is now a cashmere bra influencer,' said Vogue. 'The best way to get over a breakup is to wear a $520 cashmere bra,' said The Cut. 'Are cashmere bras the new ice cream?' said I, to nobody in particular. Just for my only feeling of vindication, Khaite – the brand responsible for the cashmere bra – said that within a mere hour of them sharing an image of Holmes on Instagram, the bra in question sold out completely. See? I am not the only one to acknowledge the perfection of this ensemble.When The Cut asked Catherine Holstein, founder and creative director of Khaite, why she thought the bra-cardi combo received such a strong response, she said: 'I want everything in cashmere. I want a cashmere house. Why not a bra? I have been making cashmere bras for two years now and really believed that people would catch on eventually.' Good grief – do you think Katie Holmes lives in a cashmere house?It's not just the bra, though. I want a sexy cardigan, surely the most subversive of sartorial combinations. I want to wear it slightly off one shoulder with the most perfect pair of blue jeans that I can find in my wardrobe and just pray that I look like Katie Holmes. I won't, but that didn't stop me when I entered a school talent show in a black, spaghetti strap dress and sang the classic Les Misérables showtune, On My Own. So, it sure isn't going to stop me now!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sweater vests, I have to say, remind me of my Grandad. My grandmother still lays out his Sunday best and it almost always includes a one. His collection doesn't venture outside his comfort zone of merky colours: maroon, plum, bottle green, and what I can only describe as a kind of stagnant brown. Oh, how foolish I now feel for ever sneering at such a show of sartorial prowess. Yes, that's right – I'm now contemplating whether or not I ask to borrow one.  #GANNIGirls  #GANNI #CPHFW #GANNIDOUBLELOVE 📸: @danielbrunograndlA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Aug 9, 2019 at 8:30am PDTWell, maybe not. For the streets of Copenhagen were littered with them during the city's fashion week but they were of a slightly more stylish variety. Ganni, Stine Goya, Acne, Cos... maybe it's a Danish thing. But then, that just makes me want to try it even more.  STINE GOYA AW19 FRIENDSHIP STORY Inspired by the friendship between Capote & his Swans we invited three pairs of our international #goyapeople for a Danish dining experience and a talk about creativity First duo is #Madrid based sisters & Founders of @thembonesjewelry  @luciacuesta_ & @helenacuesta Shop their looks via link in bio #stinegoya #goyamelody 📸@irishummA post shared by  STINE GOYA (@stinegoyastudio) on Aug 22, 2019 at 10:57am PDTSnug, cropped versions were layered over midi dresses, clashing prints were worn with slouchy trousers. There were also oversized styles worn with long layers and ankle boots – one show-goer even wore hers as a top on its own. I'm thinking that perhaps this is the perfect solution to not-quite-summer-but-is-it-really-autumn weather. Layering, after all, is a genius solution to unpredictable weather and if I can be on trend and practical, that's a bonus. Credit: Christian Vierig/Getty ImagesLayer your sweater vest over a ruffled shirt – and why not embrace clashing prints while you're at it? Adding colour in the accessories department is all the seasoning you need.Credit:  Christian Vierig/Getty ImagesBuy your sweater vest a size up and wear over satin midi skirts and trainers for your new everyday look. Credit: Vanni Bassetti/Getty ImagesMix an oversized cricket knit with a silk skirt and dainty accessories to put a ladylike spin on a sportswear classic. Credit: Christian Vierig/Getty ImagesSweater vests don't have to pay homage to your Grandad (or mine, for that matter). Find an abstract knit and pare-back with basics (black trousers and white trainers are fail-safe).Credit: Christian Vierig/Getty ImagesIf you're looking for a way to update a trusty old floral dress, layer an Argyle sweater vest over the top. Also a great alternative to a coat while the weather is still warm. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you've got big boobs, shopping can be something of a nightmare. The options are often looking matronly or spending the entire day pulling at fabric to cover yourself up.Would you prefer to drown in fabric or have your bra poking out all day? Wear a dress which is too small over your boobs and fits the rest of your body, or one that fits your chest but hides everything else? What a conundrum. Happily, the nice people at Hush have a solution and it's the Kensington dress. I can attest to the fact that my 34FF boobs fit neatly inside it, and that it shows that I do, in fact, have boobs without making me feel exposed or eliciting stares from passing pedestrians. To start with, it's got a shirred (elasticated) waist, which means it's fitted but doesn't dig into you and, while this may sound impossible to anyone who is DD+, it's a shirt-style dress which DOES NOT GAPE.I asked Hush how it's possible for that to happen and they said: 'It has a concealed placket, which gives the front a clean look and we're careful about button placement to reduce gaping.'Could more shirt dresses please have a concealed placket (fun word) because being able to wear something with buttons without safety pins is genuine game-changer.The Kensington dress is also pretty ageless - I love it aged 28 (I have it in prints) but I've seen women in their 30's, 40's, 50's and 60's rocking it, too.This season, the brand has brought out the black and red version which has sleeves, meaning it's a great trans-seasonal piece. They're also really easy to style differently. I like mine with a pair of trainers and a leather jacket, my sister stole it and made it far cooler by doing the buttons up to the top and pairing it with Doc Martens. Once it's colder, I'm planning to do a polo neck underneath with chunky ankle boots on my feet. I've only got one complaint about the dress and that's that it's not very size inclusive. Hush goes up to an 18 in some styles but not in everything. I would love to see a wider range of sizes and models, especially as the Kensington dress is so flattering and comfortable on so many different body shapes.Credit: Hush© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I'm not that well-versed in Weird Things Happening On The Internet. It's a strange world out there and I find it best not to look, if I'm being perfectly honest. In the grand scheme of things, the new YouTube obsession with 'Wish Wedding Dresses' is possibly not even that bizarre – but it does raise a whole lot of questions. The craze has spawned multiple videos from people with millions of subscribers, all of which follow the same format: a YouTube star has just got engaged (link to the proposal vid below, guys!) and has decided that this is the perfect time to order a wedding dress from Wish, which could be as 'affordable' as £11. Wish appears to be an online marketplace on which one can buy anything. And I really do mean anything. But its selection of wedding dresses is truly staggering, with the majority of them under £100. There is, of course, lots of websites like this in existence – sites which advertise with images of more expensive, normally superior products and deliver very cheap, poor quality items that don't resemble the original in any way. Much has been written about this, with people expressing their disdain when an item arrives with a section missing, or when a dress is too small for a human head. But in the context of our current climate, when the world is burning and fast fashion's horrendous impact on the planet is overwhelming, it seems strange that not a single YouTuber seems to even refer to where these wedding dresses might come from, who makes them or what the environmental – or indeed human – cost of them may be. Some of these videos have millions of views and a quick Google search for 'Wish wedding dress' unearths a staggering 112,000,000 results. Some of the most highly-viewed videos are from Safia Nygaard (who has 8.2 million subscribers), Roxxsaurus (3.7 million subscribers) and Tina Yong (2.8 million) and all include a run down of what's been ordered from Wish, before each of them tries on a number of the dresses. While all acknowledge that their expectations are low and that they're not, in the words of Nygaard, actually filming a 'serious wedding dress try-on', it's interesting that not one refers to the source of these dresses. There's discussion in each video about the quality of fabric, whether something has been sewn on or glued but seemingly no consideration as to where – and by whom – they were made. Recently, Missguided ran a promotion for a £1 bikini, prompting backlash on social media as people rushed to ask the company exactly how it could justify manufacturing clothing at such a low cost. The brand responded, suggesting that it absorbed most of the cost of production as 'a gift' to its customers but even so, the question needs to be asked of anything being sold for so little. It was only when a factory in Bangladesh collapsed six years ago, causing thousands of deaths, that the world started to really examine where and how fast fashion brands were making their clothes. Aside from the environmental impact (not just from manufacturing, but also from the sheer amount of clothes that end up in landfill around the world) there's also the question of who is making these clothes. Are they being paid fairly? Do they have workers' rights? It was only last year that reports emerged of 'dark factories' operating here in the UK, manufacturing clothes for brands like Boohoo; an undercover report published in the Financial Times in May last year unearthed mass labour exploitation in factories in Leicester, where workers were paid well under the minimum wage. Of course, it's not YouTube's fault and these young women are simply making videos to entertain their vast audiences. But it's worth bearing in mind that, in reality, an £11 wedding dress probably comes with an unseen cost that's far more serious. At best, it's a poorly made piece of clothing that will end up in landfill. At worst, it's the result of systemic exploitation that is still allowed to remain unpunished. If mainstream, legitimate fast fashion brands are guilty of it, then who knows what these unregulated marketplaces are doing? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The wedding industry is in a constant state of flux, but even the experts agree that in the last few years, there's been a major shift towards less traditional celebrations of marriage. From tropical destination weddings to a three day festival — for every couple opting for an alternative wedding, there's dozens of perplexed, stressed out guests unsure of what to pack.'I’ve noticed a rise in more individual and alternative weddings over the last five years,' says Susie Young, the founder of wedding planning company Knot & Pop. 'This may be because couples are self-funding weddings more, so are less bound by their parents’ stipulations or traditions. [Either way] it means the dress code can be rethought.'Don't let the "C" word fool you — casual weddings still come with loose dress codes. 'Even if the invite says casual, jeans and T-shirts are not appropriate,' says Young. Lucy Hume of Debrett's believes that certain shades are still off-limits. 'It doesn’t matter how casual the wedding, white and cream are still no-go colours for guests,' she says. 'Black can look too sombre, so should generally be avoided unless combined with lighter colours.'While monochrome is still a wedding no-no, feel free to ditch the fascinator in favour of a more contemporary look. 'Brides tend to opt for more effortless, comfortable looks rather than structured princess gowns,' explains Kate Halfpenny, the designer behind wedding dress maker Halfpenny London. 'Guests are no longer expected to wear their favourite fancy floral frock or an oversized hat.'So what should you wear? 'For casual, I read smart-casual – so cropped, floaty trousers or a tailored jumpsuit would be perfect,' says Young. 'I also like a shirt with rolled-up sleeves tucked into a skirt – but wear flats or block mid-heels rather than high heels.' When paired with flats or a kitten heel, even the fanciest of dresses becomes casual wedding— and dance floor — friendly. Look to contemporary brands like Malone Souliers or Wandler for a variety of options.Mini bags have been all the rage for the last few seasons — thanks Jacquemus — which means there's so many great alternatives to the battered satin clutch you've had since your teens. London brand Shrimps has got you covered with its pint-sized, pearl covered bags, while Staud is bringing back the baguette bag in all its glory.If you're running short on shopping time, get creative. Adding accessories to a simple white shirt and midi skirt can elevate a simple outfit. "You can repurpose something you already own by adding statement accessories,' says Halfpenny. Casting director Holly Scott Lidgett found herself in this situation- unsure of how to balance the fine line of casual and over-dressed. 'Weddings are for feeling fabulous, so I struggled with how to achieve this and remain casual,' she says. 'In the end, I nailed it with a crisp white tee tucked into a flowing, satin midi skirt sitting high on the waist.'The experts agree that for outdoor or day-to-night occasions, a well-tailored blazer or light jacket is a must to be both comfortable and venue-appropriate. 'If it’s a church wedding shoulders should be covered,' says Hume. 'So take a jacket that you can drape over your shoulders if your dress is strappy or strapless.' Lidgett agrees: 'A chic, well-cut blazer can effortlessly dress down even your most fabulous dress.’ she says.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)At Copenhagen Fashion Week, we pay as much attention to what’s going on off the catwalks as we do on it. Such is the power of Scandi style, which is all about mixing it up. With an emphasis on comfort, and a refusal to kowtow to the rules, the secret to doing it like a Dane (or a Swede or Norwegians...) is to dress instinctively. And these fashion agenda setters don't just rely on Scandi brands to pull off their look. Case in point? Their love of Christian Louboutin: statement sneakers and boots for day, ultra-glam heels for formal and casual, chic flats and kitten heels whenever they please, and statement, go-everywhere bags at all times. Here, three of Instagram's most stylish Scandis let us in on how they make their style work 24/7.Soval Patent Heels, £590Marie Jane Bucket Fringes Bag, £1465With over 249,000 followers on Instagram, Sophia Roe knows what it takes to create a great picture. Her style has attracted thousands of loyal fans, all keen to know exactly what she's wearing from one day to the next. She describes her own aesthetic as ‘modern minimalist, with a touch of tomboy’, but also has her own thoughts on why Scandi style has become so coveted. 'The Danes in general are very down to earth and easy going,' she says. 'I think it shows in the fashion as well. We like to dress easy and comfortable. I think a lot of people can resonate with that.'Practicality is also an issue, as Roe's preferred method of transport has some specific requirements. 'In Copenhagen, we bike a lot, and therefore it is a good thing to always have a bag with a cross strap. The most important things to me is to always have my phone and credit card on the go. A Louboutin bag is something you can have for years. I love making investments for my closet that last.'Chiara Diams Heels, £1175Marie Jane Bucket Love Bag, £1465When it comes to shoes, however, Roe thinks that they should make you feel confident. 'I personally always feel confident in a kitten heel. Shoes really do play such a big part of an outfit and I think they can make such a difference to your levels of confidence.'Galaxister Kitten Heels, £625Boudoir Chain Wallet, £775As a stylist, Tine Andrea Storløs knows a great pair of shoes when she sees one. 'I have always been a fan of Louboutin shoes,' she says. 'Not only because of the recognisable and bold red sole, but also because of the art of fine craftmanship. Delicate, easy to wear and a forever wardrobe staple. What’s not to love? 'Sustainability is a focus for Storløs, who says she would never buy a pair of shoes or a handbag that she would only wear once. 'I really like to invest in good and classical pieces. I guess I’m a bit considerate, but I can also be a bit impulsive if I find something I really want. But a pair of shoes can really change the look from A to Z.'Levita Kitten Heels, £675Marie Jane Bucket Bag, £1365The secret to Scandi style, she says, lies in the fact that it's fairly spontaneous. 'The reason it's become so popular is probably because we have proven that fashion doesn’t always have to be that planned and classic. It’s all about having fun and daring to try something new and bold, and not be too obsessed with trends.'And how should a great pair of shoes make you feel? ‘Like a queen.' Noted.Soval Patent Heels, £590Marie Jane Bucket Fringes Bag, £1465Swedish creative consultant Hanna MW nails the eclectic look we’ve come to associate with the new gen Scandi style. ‘The typical Scandi style is minimalistic, but lately many Danish brands have re-established the look as something more playful and fun,’ says Mw, who describes her own style as ‘a mixture between androgynous, vintage, sporty and fun’.Red Runner Shoes, £895Marie Jane Bucket Love Bag, £1465Like many of Scandinavia's biggest influencers, her Instagram is full of perfectly curated outfits that she somehow manages to make look completely effortless. Her shoes, however, are a focus, and her love for Louboutins is based on their ability to mix up her look. ‘Kitten heels are definitely a hero piece,' she says. Given their versatility, we certainly wouldn't disagree.Availability: Christian Louboutin boutiques; christianlouboutin.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You bought a neat leather cross-body and have been smugly carrying it every day to work. The only problem? It doesn’t fit your lunch box, hardback or make-up bag, so you’re also shouldering a grubby canvas tote. The stylish solution is a smart, spacious leather tote, like Aspinal of London’s mock-croc style. ‘It’s roomy enough to carry a 15in laptop and has pockets for your tech, as well as a zipped compartment to keep your bag organised,’ says the brand’s creative director Mariya Dykalo.BUY: Frankie Shop, Loulou Twill Midi Dress, £200BUY: Le 17 Septembre, Cotton-Blend Twill Trench Coat, £390 BUY: Low Classic, Convertible Draped Woven Shirt, £370BUY: FWSS, Washes Dress, £200Hannah Martin, pro make-up artist, reveals her top picks:Oily skin: A brilliant all-rounder, Hourglass Vanish Seamless Finish Liquid Foundation, £51, truly lasts all day without smudging (even in heat and humidity) and half a pump goes a really long way.Dry skin: If your skin is more on the dry side but you still want a long-wear finish, try Laura Mercier Flawless Lumière Radiance Perfecting Foundation, £36. It provides medium to full coverage, stays in place and doesn’t look cakey but instead maintains the most natural of skin finishes.No-issue skin: You’ll love Charlotte Tilbury’s new Airbrush Flawless Finish Foundation, £34. With really clever technology and incredible ingredients, this sits seamlessly on the skin but makes it look totally even and semi-matte, while not looking or feeling too heavy. If your skin could tend to the dry side, layer your moisturiser underneath or, if you’re sometimes a little oily, prep the T-zone with a mattifying primer to keep unwanted shine at bay.Best all-rounder: L’Oréal Paris Infallible Foundation offers up a full shade range, delivers medium to full coverage (depending on how much you apply) and can be relied on to look as fresh at the end of the day as it did when first applied. A steal at £10.99.BUY: Me+Em, Wide-Leg Jacquard Trouser With Braces, £189 Get yourself to Me+Em, stat. The minimalist brand prides itself on its cuts, designed to elongate the leg and skim the bottom, and has finessed a technique so that the trousers don’t collapse at the top of the leg. In terms of shapes to suit different bodies, its founder, Clare Hornby, recommends a tapered cut for pears, wide-legs for apples and cropped styles for petites. ‘We found that height is the most problematic issue when selecting trousers,’ she says. ‘That’s why we introduced our Transformer Trouser. You can wear them full-length or turn up the cuffs and button them in place to create a cropped length. They’re ideal for all heights as you can wear them with both heels and flats.’ What about styling? ‘We often style tops in a demi tuck – tucking it in at the front, leaving it loose at the sides and back – as it’s an easy way to instantly make legs look longer but still offer coverage over the hips and back.'Ugh, this frustratingly vague dress code can make even the most on-point dresser shudder. Black tie is less pressure – at least you know where you’re at. Throw ‘smart casual’ into an office environment and the pressure mounts further. Too casual and you look scruffy; too smart and you look stuffy. Neither says ‘employee of the month’.In an office setting, mastery depends on moderation. Take pieces that would be at home in your weekend wardrobe and give them a sleeker spin. So denim, yes – but not distressed (and definitely not cut-offs). Trainers, sure – but box-fresh and preferably leather (see: Veja, Primury). T-shirts, absolutely – but not too baggy, thin or with a comedy slogan. Even a hoodie can pass muster, so long as it feels sufficiently luxe (Raey does some excellent ones).Perhaps it’s easier to decode what smart casual is not. As a rule, if it’s something you’d be seen in at the gym, beach or during a particularly savage hangover, then it’s not ‘smart casual’.BUY: Zara, Buttoned Waistcoat Dress, £49.99 The longline waistcoat is the alternative to your A/W ’19 blazer. The catwalks were brimming with classic fitted waistcoat combos in substantial tweeds and all shades, but the easiest way to wear them is looser longline styles that skim the hips and fall mid-thigh. Although the blazer will always have a place in your wardrobe, the waistcoat is the answer to the UK’s unpredictable weather without compromising on go-with-everything status. Equally as smart layered over dresses, fine knits and classic shirts but with the extra bonus of being breathable.Session stylist Syd Hayes: Greasy roots give the game away faster than you can say snooze button, but luckily dry shampoos have come a long way. I like Sam McKnight’s Lazy Girl Dry Shampoo, which leaves zero white residue, adds instant volume and smells amazing [perfumer Lyn Harris is behind the fresh botanical scent]. Stylist and consultant Isabel Spearman says: Something that creases as little as possible! I regularly go from desk to dinner and swear by the fabrics that Cefinn uses. Creative director Samantha [Cameron] is as obsessed with creasing as I am and has created a collection of clothes that you can wear all day and, hand on heart, still look immaculate by 11pm. On the high street, brands that use clever polyester mixes always come out on top. Arket and & Other Stories nail it every time. I love adding a larger pair of chunky gold earrings and maybe a matching necklace. It immediately elevates an outfit and they are small enough to carry around in your bag all day.The basics are as follows. Knees and shoulders = yes. Tummies and thighs = your basic HR nightmare. Necklines are where it gets interesting. The fashion for puritanically high collars is great news for your workwear, but a flash of décolletage under a button-down is fair game in more relaxed settings. Finally, it’s fine to have a bit of back peeking through a blouse provided you wear a crop top-style bra underneath.Net-A-Porter’s global head of buying Elizabeth Von Der Goltz says: One of the easiest ways to bring catwalk trends into your work wardrobe is via accessories, from Gianvito Rossi’s square-toed, two-tone boots to Staud’s top-handle frame bag. Tailoring always plays a part in the Net-A-Porter woman’s wardrobe – 80 per cent of our customers are working women – and we sell on average 50 blazers every day. Going tonal is key for the new season. I’ll be wearing Nili Lotan’s three-piece suit or The Row’s double-breasted blazer. Our hero item for autumn’s layering trend is the turtleneck. Isabel Marant showcased them under shirts, dresses and sweaters in 31 out of 44 catwalk looks. We’ve bought over 400, from mesh and organza to printed and everyday basics.Understandable – but we beg you to reconsider. While it’s easy to think of your working wardrobe as lesser than your weekend (aka real you) one, chances are you’re wearing these clothes five days a week. So do think investment – but that’s not solely a statement on quality so much as timelessness. A good cashmere jumper, a double-breasted blazer (extra points for pockets), black trousers, a substantial leather bag (no, not suede!), silk shirts and a printed mididress all triumph on a cost-per-wear basis. If you’ve just scored a big promotion, why not consider being tailored for a suit? It’s the ultimate workwear luxury. As for shoes and jewellery, these are where you can update your look each season and nod to current trends.Hands up if you’re sick of having a shoedrobe of scuffed heels under your desk that a) never see the light of day and b) make your feet hurt just looking at them? The thing is, much as we love flats, sometimes an outfit needs a lift. Enter the block heel. It gives much greater support than a stiletto, which means the ball of your foot doesn’t get achy as quickly, and you can pretty much wear them from 9 to 9. Aeyde’s Meghan are our pick. ‘Every small detail in the making of a shoe is so important,’ says co-founder Luisa Krogmann. ‘It’s all about the unique balance between each style’s toe shape, heel height and the foam padding we use, which retains its shape wear after wear.There’s a back-to-school feeling in the air, which brings with it an urge to unball your opaque tights. But what do you do when it’s still sweltering on some days? The fashion editor favourite for hosiery is Heist, which has two lightweight options, the nude 18-denier and the black 30-denier. All Heist’s tights are super-comfortable because they’re designed without a gusset or unnecessary seams. ‘Women across professions – from nurses to cabin crew to lawyers – tell us how much they love our tights because they don’t dig, sag, itch or roll,’ says the brand’s vice president of marketing Hannah Craik. ‘They forget they’re wearing them.’ If the temperature looks like it might spike, Heist has a range of smart, sheer socks made from high-quality yarn to make them super-breathable and ensure they stay up.Cefinn founder Samantha Cameron: Absolutely. I’m always rushing from the school run to a meeting and then an event, so timing is essential. Cefinn’s core collection is machine-washable, crease-resistant and mostly made from our signature Techni Voile fabric, which you can throw in the washing machine, hang up to dry and step into in the morning. We wanted to enable customers to look effortlessly polished, with no dry-cleaning, no ironing, no stress. My go-to outfit is our navy Isabel dress, £340, paired with a blazer and white trainers in summer and black leather boots in winter. You can just throw on the outfit, feel comfortable and look pulled together.Dai prides itself on using ‘smart’ fabrics. Our pick for a one-night trip is the Cutting Edge blazer, £395, and Power Move trousers, £190, both made of a double-bonded jersey that is piling-resistant, quick-drying and has four-way stretch for extra comfort. AWAY’s Carry-On suitcase, £225, is a favourite for short-haul travel, with its hidden laundry bag, ejectable battery to charge your phone and smart outer pocket.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here we bring you the ultimate organisational gift list to help you schedule your life and realise those goals while, of course, making your desk the envy of all your colleagues. Yes, the time has come to see off that chewed old biro and welcome in some new desk mates. And luckily for you, we have done all the hard work and unearthed the most covetable stationery ever. Just try to resist this little lot…It doesn't get chicer than these brass, numbered paper clips from Tom Dixon. Now there really is no excuse not to get that paperwork in order- but just think what a (visual) delight it will be. Get those tasks ticked off with this perfect pink and red riso-print notepad. There's even space at the bottom for notes and follow ups. Now, what are you waiting for?! Most of us could do with a bit of work/life balance and these sticky notes are just the ticket. For every work to do, add a plan for me time. Et voila: balance is restored!Help realise your goals with this bestselling planner from CGD (Career Girl Daily). Designed to instil a sense of confidence and purpose, this planner will help you keep on top of your schedule (how ever jam-packed it is).These smiley bulldog clips are the ultimate in Japanese 'kawaii' (that's cuteness to you and I) and will brighten up even the most mundane paperwork. It really doesn't come chicer than these leather pencil cases. Available in a choice of 5 impossible-to-pick-from colours, these affordable cases should be the starting point of your stationery collection.This perfect fluro ballpoint pen needs little introduction. I mean, look.at.it! Combine with contrasting fluro pencils for an extreme pop of colour.Curate your clutter with this sleek 1970s-inspired desk organiser. Being tidy has never been more satisfying. Never lose your planner under piles of paperwork again, with this jumbo planner from Risotto. This cool grey and fluro pink riso-printed organiser will not only transform your dull desk space, but also serve as a constant reminder to plough through those tasks.Consider these retro mechanical pencils your best mate on those days you need that bit of extra encouragement.This super affordable sticky paper block from iconic brand Pantone, is a must for any creative's desk. Pop a pencil in the ready-made hole and you are ready to scribble and stick away to your heart's content. Complete your stationery collection with some gorgeous monogram notecards – there surely is nothing more special than receiving a hand-written thank you through the post. So may we introduce you to Papier's collaboration with Matilda Goad. We recommend Matilda's iconic scallops in on-trend pink and green or red and blue. These gorgeous crayons are almost too perfect to use. Inspired by Monet's paintings, they are the perfect accompaniment to a creative's desk space. Scandi brand, Hay, are famous for their pared back yet functional products and this set of office essentials is a perfect example of how to turn an every day item into a design classic. Combine all three for maximum impact. For the chicest notebook out there, snap up this Erdem number from the National Portrait Gallery. The unlikely combination of the dense flower print (inspired by wild Victorian gardens), and a bright colour palette, inspired by the legendary club scene of the early 1990's, fuse perfectly.No pencil case is complete without a set of these 12 brightly coloured gel pens from iconic Japanese brand, Muji. There is no excuse for bad handwriting with these smooth, gliding pens. Brighten up your meetings and ensure no-one 'borrows' your notepad by taking notes with these chic colour-pop monogram journals from Anthropologie. We were already regular users of this super useful to-do list pad. With three sections, this list will help you get your priorities in order whilst keeping future tasks in mind. It's a must for any organisation fanatic (that'll be us, then).Be the envy of your colleagues with this quirky scent diffuser from Anya Hindmarch. Just pop the raspberry and mint scent in the porcelain pot and enjoy the long-lasting scent as it makes its way up the ceramic pencil reeds. This is a life investment as it can be re-filled and re-filled to your heart's content. This elegant pencil set was created by renowned architect, Michael Graves, and is a must for any creative. Calling all art buffs: don't miss the subtle design nod to the designer's penchant for designing windows in a grid. You need never waste time hunting for a paperclip again. Packed full of drawing pins, sticky notes, screen wipes, white tack, paper clips and elastic bands, this super cute miniature library will prove the most hard working item on your desk.A decent eraser should be a staple of your pencil case. Well, call off the hunt and pick your favourite colour out of these beauties. We love this understated yellow and grey notepad. With 160 lined pages, this retro notebook will be the perfect place to discreetly jot down all your brilliant ideas.These simple letterpress cards are perfect for keeping to a regular timetable… fill them in and pin to your memo board or fridge. Now just to stick to it…Hydration is essential for optimal brain function in a busy air conditioned office and this gold striped carafe and glass is a chic way to ensure you have exactly what you need by your side all day. Each page of this planner is filled with motivational affirmations, revealing personality quizzes and fun illustrations – everything you need to pep you up and propel you positively into each new day.These lacquered crystal monogram pots are a fine way to clear your desktop of all those stray pens and pencils. And with a choice of colours for each initial, you can ensure they coordinate perfectly with your desk space. Need a set of notebooks to assign to various projects? It doesn't get cuter than this set of 4. Trust us on this one. We've looked.Every household needs a joint planner… and this super affordable magnetic planner is perfect for the fridge. With an attachable wipeable pen, the time has come to get your house in order!Let's be honest, very few pens are nostalgic; a Berol handwriting pen, one of those biros with 9 different colours… and don't get me started on people borrowing your felt tips… And if those all sound familiar, then you might remember these from school too. What you won't remember from double maths, however, are the colours, as this set of 8 has a fresh new palette for 2019, both the ink and the pens themselves. But you'll need to seize the day as they are limited edition. Bring a touch of Scandi-style to your desk with this glass knot ornament from Hay. And with a choice of yellow, pink or blue, you can coordinate it perfectly with its surroundings. At 98 years old, Filofax are the original producers of the personal organiser. And sometimes only the original will do. If you are an analogue-type then get organised and back up your data in a non-wipeable form with this pared back duck egg blue planner.For the ultimate in forward planning, this sophisticated planner is divided into annual, monthly and weekly pages. And as the dates are left blank, it can be started at any point in the year. So there is absolutely no excuse not to get your goals underway immediately. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's fair to say that the news over the past few months has been less than uplifting. This is why, lest I become a despairing, fearful mess, I have decided to make my own news. When life gives you lemons, and all that. I don't mean Fake News, of course – though, honestly, what does that even mean at this point? – rather I'm just prioritising stories that are better for the soul. Case in point: anklets are back, guys!OK, yes, I may be playing fast and loose with the word 'news'. But really, what could be more joyful in these last, sun-drenched days of summer than jewellery for your ankles? That is, before you ask, a rhetorical question. But the anklet renaissance (there's a portmanteau in there somewhere, I just haven't found it yet) is truly a thing of wonder. Who would have thought, after all, that a novelty item last seen on the beaches of Crete in 1997 – when just a small town girl was desperately collecting holiday accoutrements to show off on the playground when she returned to school, flagrantly flouting uniform rules (and socks) in favour of decorated ankles – would suddenly become one of fashion's favourite new accessories? And without a hint of irony, for that matter.Well, it's 2019 and anything could happen. Boris Johnson could be prime minister! A deep fried, chicken-filled pizza could be haunting the internet! And anklets could just be the best decision you make today. While you may find it difficult to disassociate them with holidays of yore, I am here to make the case for them as an ideal add-on as we move through this current mini heatwave and into autumn.Firstly, they just make whatever you're wearing jazzier. And who isn't aiming for jazzy when they get dressed in the morning? Cropped jeans and kitten heels become altogether more interesting, while an everyday midi dress and slides (arguably one of the best combos in this current heat) looks more considered. But I've also seen them on people wearing trainers, office-appropriate looks (yes, they even work with court shoes) and even in colder temperatures, with midi skirts and oversized jumpers.They've also grown-up since the halcyon days of Crete. Natacha Ramsay-Levi presented slogan anklets (slogan anklets!) as part of her Chloé collection for SS19, while brands like Alighieri, Ancient Greek Sandals, Aurélie Bidermann and Wald Berlin have all ensured that shell anklets are the very epitome of chic. So, don't panic that the summer has faded faster than your spray tan – instead, dig out any lightweight knitwear in preparation for more autumnal weather and pop on an anklet for compromise. You'll be autumn on the top, summer on the bottom. And it doesn't get much more trans-seasonal than that.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In our technology-dominated world, you may not have seen the renaissance of the handheld fan coming. Don’t blame yourself, most people I know are too busy proclaiming their excitement about those tiny little fans that plug into your phone. Sure, they’re efficient enough and you save yourself some mild arm ache, but do they look anything like as elegant as the new breed of hand fans currently having their moment in the sun? No, they do not. (Bear with me.)I happened to be travelling on an extremely hot, sticky and downright gross train the other day, when the outside temperature was trying its best to convince us that, despite the fact that September is just a week away, summer isn't going anywhere – yet. Among the sweaty commuters was a woman, serene in the midst of the chaos. There was not one bead of sweat on her brow and her hair was gently blowing in a breeze, so as to make her resemble J-Lo in any music video ever. I quickly realised that said breeze was being generated from the woman’s fan, a colourful, patterned object that looked so glamorous in the midst of what was now becoming much like a hellscape. It was all I could do not to snatch it out of her hand.Rather than steal from fellow passengers, I would advocate simply buying yourself a fan. Previously, it would have been a little tricky to find such a thing on the high street. At the end of June, however, & Other Stories launched a collaboration with Fern Fans, the brainchild of Daisy Hoppen, founder of her own PR company in London and Amanda Borberg, Danish textile designer.There were five hand fans in the collection, all made from birch wood and cotton in a little factory in Spain. With a mix of painterly patterns and block colours, the collection was almost an instant sell-out, with only a few left in stock. ”Fans are one of the oldest accessories ever created and incredibly elegant,” said Hoppen. “We love that it is for everybody at any age. Your mother and grandmother would both approve!”In fact, there are a number of high street brands and independent designers championing this traditional accessory, much to my delight. Perhaps it’s because hand fans have been seen everywhere from Copenhagen Fashion Week to the Met Gala – most fabulously in the form of rainbow feathers, as carried by the inimitable Lupita Nyong’o. On Etsy, you can buy pretty versions for as little as £3, too, suggesting that, short of flinging yourself into the nearest body of water, this might just be the most affordable way to keep cool in these last heady days of summer. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The interiors question we get asked most at Grazia is, ‘how can I make my small home look stylish on a budget?’ Well, wonder no longer for we have done the ultimate trawl and unearthed the 30 best space saving devices for your house or flat. From kitchen to bedroom to bathroom space saving… we’ve got it locked up. From Scandi tea sets to magnetic spice jars, to jewellery hangers and beyond… Marie Kondo would be very proud.This discreet yet sleek wall-mounted organiser is perfect for both key storage (hello magnetic front) and tidying letters (hello curved back). We especially like the white for ultimate wall camouflage. The Ultimate Space-Saving Interiors Gift Guide2of31This discreet yet sleek wall-mounted organiser is perfect for both key storage (hello magnetic front) and tidying letters (hello curved back). We especially like the white for ultimate wall camouflage. This 9 piece nesting set from Joseph Joseph literally contains everything a small (or highly organised) kitchen needs for food prep. From a mixing bowl to a colander, to those all essential measuring cups. And this beauty is part of the new Editions range whose colour palette is based on the dusty blue, ever-changing, sky above our heads. Stylish and serene – words not often associated with kitchenware. We couldn't have a space-saving guide without paying tribute to the original nester – the Russian doll. And this clever one doubles as a salt and pepper shaker. For the luxest storage boxes, may we refer you to these lacquered beauties from Jonathan Adler. The coordinating patterns look great as stand alones or stacked. But most importantly it means you can have your storage (proudly) on show. In need of extra storage but don't want to give much wall space? Fear not, for this Scandi-style wall hanging not only looks great and could easily be mistaken for wall art, but also has five flip down hooks for you to to use at your convenience. Green fingered but no garden? Bring your garden inside with these chic compact brass planters. Still got a pile of CDs cluttering up your sitting room? Now's the times to purge the CDs, CD player and huge speakers and invest in a multi-room digital sound system. And it doesn't get chicer than this limited edition collaboration between Sonos and Danish brand Hay. Get in quick before they sell out. The Basket Room is our go-to for modern colour pop baskets. Their fairtrade baskets are handwoven by a collective of female weavers living in Kenya and every purchase helps support this group of women and their families. Simply select 10 of your favourite spices and they will arrive (in recycled outer packaging, no less) at your door in these clever hexagonal glass jars with magnetic lids. Then you can either lock them together in a honeycomb flower shape or stick them to your fridge, or the magnetic underside of a shelf. These gorgeous teal glasses stack perfectly in the form of a koi fish and are perfect to use as an ornament in between drinks.    Lacking in drawer space? This nesting utensils set contains everything you could possible need in the kitchen (from ladles to spaghetti servers) and sits in its own neat holder, held upright with hidden magnets. These gorgeous nesting bowls will not only stack very neatly in your cupboard (they are shallow too, to help you squeeze more in) but they would also make a chic centerpiece. This fabric-lined three tier box is neutral enough to blend in perfectly, whatever its surroundings and with the drawers rotating on a pivot with magnetic closure, we guarantee you will never grow tired of opening and closing it. Most satisfying.We all like a candle, but we sometimes just don't have the space. That's where these mini candles from iconic brand Byredo come into play. Whether you decide on one for each room, or to savour them one by one, these clean scents are all stand-alone favourites. Each set contains a light, medium and strong-scented candle to fit your mood or create a coherent atmosphere throughout your house. This art deco inspired mirror is compact enough for the smallest bedroom, and doubles up as a jewellery hanger. Pretty and functional. Tea for two! Comprising 2 cups, 1 milk jug and 1 sugar bowl, this stacking Scandi-inspired tea set will fit perfectly into a midcentury-modern home. Curate your clutter stylishly with this wall-hanging memo board. Get those bull dog clips at the ready. If space is at a premium then scaling down the necessities is the only option. And this compact clock is just the job. And the best bit? To turn off the alarm just flip the clock over. No more squinting for that off button.     Space saving and eco friendly, these 100% biodegradable beeswax wraps will mean no more wasting money and drawer space on cling film. The sticky surface cleverly adheres to fruit, cheese, bread… you name it. Just wash in soapy water and hang up to guarantee their life for up to a year. These are by far the chicest we have found and went down a storm in the Grazia office.This clever acrylic photo frame doubles up as a storage container for stationery, flowers or houseplants. Perfect to keep your desk clutter free. Now to decide which photo deserves to live in it…Summer cocktails are a must, but all that equipment takes up a lot of space. Until now… for we have the ultimate multi-gadget. This surprisingly small tool comprises nine implements including a spirit measure, knife, muddler and strainer. Just grab a shaker and you are ready to go.  Treat these your kitchen to these affordable mixing bowls which will look just as good stacked in your cupboard as they will serving salad or chips on your dining table. Sick of that messy Tupperware drawer full of mis-matched containers? Well stress no longer with this dreamy stacking container set. And the coloured accents will help you match them up in no time. Marie Kondo would be thrilled.Save space in your cutlery drawer, whilst keeping a check of your portion sizes, with these clever super affordable scissors that double up as a spaghetti measure. These mismatched jewel coloured glasses not only stack a treat, but will brighten up your table no end…Sick of all your ugly food packaging? This three-tiered stacking glass Kilner jar set is perfect for decanting your pasta or cereal into and will look just as good on your work surface as it does in the cupboard. If you are lacking in drawer space and don't have room for a jewellery box then this stylish wall hanging is just the ticket. And it will keep your scarves and necklaces tangle free. It's win win. We love items with more than one use, especially when they are as pretty as this carafe. We can see several uses for this beauty: it could brighten up a drab kitchen shelf, be the perfect drinks decanter for your table or make the perfect vase. Or all three. The perfect multi-tasker. This set of tonal sieves vary in size, meaning you have one for every sized job. And the best part is they interlock so will save much valuable cupboard space. Treat yourself to your name (or the name of your cat, dog, best friend, lover… we could go on) in these compact stackable cups. We love the popping colour combinations and graphic type. This all-in-one self-draining dish rack is small enough the most compact of kitchens and comes in a variety of colours to coordinate with your kitchen. We especially like the yellow and grey. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if you’ve got dozens of identical navy jumpers folded in your chest of drawers? Maybe there are 10 totally-different-honestly-I-swear pairs of black ankle boots vying for space? Or perhaps it’s a rack of flouncy-sleeved floral dresses that seems to keep multiplying? Whatever your fashion catnip, don’t feel too guilty. We’re all creatures of habit when it comes to clothes – and the temptation to keep buying what we know works is real.September, however, is the best time to start thinking about making some changes. It’s fashion’s new year, and that fresh-beginnings-anything’s-possible start of term feeling ushers in a slew of new pieces to try. This season, the fashion team is making a pledge to each try something different. It’s not about trends, rather giving your existing wardrobe an added dimension. Why not join us? You’ll be surprised by how much the new you suits you…I love jeans… on everyone else apart from me. But thanks to Wardrobe.NYC’s recent Levi’s collaboration and Khaite’s A/W ’19 collection, I’m craving the dress-down effortlessness of denim this season. The problem is, for something that’s supposed to epitomise ease, I’ve typically found jeans a nightmare to buy. The last pair I wore with unfettered dedication was a low-slung Miss Sixty pair (with my thong sticking out, naturally) circa 2003.I’m remedying my insecurity by calling in the experts and booking an appointment at Selfridges’ Denim Studio. ‘Start slowly – you and your jeans are going to be in a long-term relationship, so try everything, be picky and don’t compromise,’ advises buying manager Poppy Lomax. Alas, Poppy says there’s no such thing as a universally flattering style, but she does think with a little patience I’ll find The One. ‘Try jeans when you are feeling your relaxed best and have an hour or two to dedicate to the cause.’According to E.L.V. Denim’s founder Anna Foster, there is another consideration to bear in mind since my erstwhile whale-tail days. ‘Buying a pair of jeans is now not only a “fit” issue it’s an environmental one too. Thinking consciously, ask how has this jean been made?’ You can’t argue with that. Will it all be worth it? Poppy thinks so. ‘It’s easy to incorporate denim into your wardrobe, it’s perennial, relaxed and long-lasting,’ she says. ‘Try it and you’ll love it I promise!’ I’ll hold her to that.BUY: Reformation, Othello Top, £150 The new season is (almost) upon us and I’m moving house. This is interesting to nobody but me, but it does mean that I have a double whammy of an excuse to clear out my wardrobe. I am determined to be more sustainable, both in terms of my shopping habits and what I’m actually buying. This is why I’m aiming to donate a lot of clothes to charities like Smart Works, Oxfam and Traid, making space for wear-forever pieces from lovely brands with ethical credentials like Reformation (opening its first UK store soon), denim brand Boyish and Mother Of Pearl.I’m lazy with accessories and am guilty of wearing the same bags/shoes/jewellery every single day, without pausing to think whether something else might work better. I’m pledging to switch it up this season. ‘Bottega Veneta’s cube-effect shoulder bag is going to be a coveted item this autumn, while chainmail was prominent across earrings, mini bags and necklaces,’ advises MyTheresa.com’s fashion buying director Tiffany Hsu. I also have my eye on square-toed boots, top-handle bags and pearl earrings. Bring on autumn.Some might call me basic, but I’ve always followed the mantra, ‘If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.’ I own, what feels like, hundreds of black trousers and like to wear them with a rotation of knits and shirts, depending on the season. Edgy, I know. So imagine my surprise when I was wooed by the rainbow options on offer at Roksanda, Givenchy and Chanel (I never had myself down as a pink girl before...) on the A/W ’19 catwalks. My pledge for autumn is to inject some – gulp! – jazzy prints and (subtle) colour into my pared-back monochrome wardrobe. There are all sorts of ‘rules’ when it comes to colour (cooler shades for fair skin, brights for darker skin tones) – but I’d say it’s always best to just try out different colours and follow your gut. And if you’re still feeling nervous (like me!), temper bold tones with camel and beige, à la Fendi, for a modern pairing. Wish me luck.BUY: Lucy & Yak, The Organic Original Corduroy Dungarees in Mustard, £54Clothes really can talk, and I want to start a different conversation this season. My pledge is to support independent and emerging brands, from my sleepwear right through to my partywear. I love the high street, but it’s also satisfying to wear something that hardly anyone else owns, or has heard of, and say, ‘It’s from so and so – look them up!’ Some of my recent discoveries include Annie's Ibiza (a seriously cool shop in Ibiza), Honna London (PJs that will finally convince me to get an early night), Onyx 925 (handcrafted ring brand from Bournemouth) and Lucy & Yak (organic dungarees – what's not to love?)My bags are either massive to accommodate the packed lunch I never manage to pack or so teeny-weeny that I have to carry an extra tote bag at all times. I want something in-between that has a bit more personality, so am committing myself to shoulder bags for autumn. Top of my wish-list is Coach’s pebble leather Tabby bag, but I’m also tempted by V Vy Very's mock-croc saddle.BUY: Cefinn, Callie Cotton Bib Front Collarless Shirt, £190 My mum is in perpetual despair over my ‘work’ outfits of ripped jeans and trainers. She desperately wants me to start getting facials and stop wearing what she calls ‘street clothes’, but I still use E45 and the only concession I’ve made to a grown-up wardrobe is a T-shirt with the words ‘RESPONSIBLE ADULT’ across the chest. Having said that, I do like the idea of having a work ‘look’ that’s diametrically opposed to the way I dress at the weekend. I’m starting with this Cefinn cotton-poplin shirt, and plan to swap my battered tote for a brightly-coloured barrel bag that sits neatly under my arm, my trackpants for utilitarian trousers and my velcro sandals for sleek leather sliders. Will it affect my productivity levels and promotion chances? I’ll keep you posted.Like the purchase of a slick new blazer or a blouse that means business, I’m hoping a new-season gym kit is going to inspire me to workout. My current gear only gets an update on a needs-must basis, but having tried and tested various combos in everything from boxing to barre classes, I think I’ve finally cracked it. Lululemon’s Align leggings come highly recommended, Saucony’s Hurricane trainers have integrated tech to make running (relatively) pain-free and I love Triumph’s sports bras for their unfailing support – and new colours. The real game-changer though? Headphones. Noise-cancelling and wire-free, this Beats by Dre set will transport me to my very own workout bubble.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a nation of alarmists when it comes to the weather, it’s fair to say we’re having a mini meltdown about the fiendishly hot temperatures forecast this bank holiday weekend. If you’ve got an electric fan, or at least have easy access to a fridge and aren't too proud to stick your head in it, there’s only one question you need to answer. What the hell does one wear when it’s 37 degrees and feels like even hotter than that on any form of public transport? Or, indeed, in any room without air conditioning. There’s a time and a place for artful layering - now’s not it. What you need is to go back to basics and, thankfully, the latest high street drops are on hand to help. There’s plenty of pared-back pieces, in pleasingly minimal shades of white and black, that you can mix-and-match together. The Instagram set are all at it, wearing monochrome head-to-toe. Chic, no? Here are the coolest - literally - buys to shop now.BUY: Me+Em, Slouchy Cargo Jean, £149A loose-on-the-leg trouser will be your hot-weather saviour this summer. Cargo pants are ideal, but make sure to buy a pair that’s brighter-than-white instead of the more heat-absorbing khaki. Me+Em has the ultimate version in 100% cotton.Swap barely-there denim shorts for a pair of super-chic Bermudas. Look for a shape that sits high on the waist and flares outwards on the upper thigh, and just add a tank top.BUY: Zara, Slip Dress, £29.99If you can't stand the thought of putting on clothes and pretty much want to leave the house naked, then a slip dress is your best bet. Choose a mid-calf length for extra chic points - and don’t forget to slather SPF on those shoulders.Obviously, even the mere suggestion of shoes is enough to make you pass out. But that's only because you don't yet have a pair of life changing, strappy flat sandals. Comfy, airy and chic to boot - what could be better?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's difficult to shake off the feeling instilled in all of us from an early age that a new year actually begins in September, when school resumes. From new pencil cases and that inimitable smell of brand new books, the start of the academic year calls for a whole load of new things, purchased with a hopeful air and accompanied by a set of resolutions. Even all these years later, when I'm not longer beholden to the academic calendar, September feels like something of a milestone. It's the end of summer and the beginning of a new season – whether or not this actually manifests in the weather or not. It's also the time when brands launch their new collections, regardless of whether or not the trees have started to shed their leaves. Shiny new accessories, shoes and clothes are the adult equivalent of a new pencil case, after all.One such brand is Self Portrait, the mid-market success story that now has an army of celebrity fans, including the Duchess of Sussex and Beyoncé. It has just revealed an array of pieces as part of its autumn collection and – let me tell you – it's good. It's really good. It's good enough to make me feel excited about the prospect of cooler temperatures and knitwear anyway, which really is no mean feet in August.You may associate Self Portrait with a party frock, which is perfectly reasonable. If so, you won't be disappointed, because the new dresses are a complete delight. There's no escaping the 80s references, from sharp shoulders to tiered skirts, but there's also day-friendly midis and printed peplum blouses that will instantly jazz up your work uniform.There's also some excellent knitwear, which will really act as a hero piece in your wardrobe. After all, each one is statement enough that if you wear with jeans and some patent loafers, you'll like you spent longer than usual considering your outfit. They are also, however, still jumpers, meaning they're easy to wear, comfy and practical. They'll also look great with a satin midi skirt, providing a texture clash of epic proportions.Crepe dresses with puff sleeves, sequin check midi skirts, velvet jumpsuits... the collection is packed with – and I don't use this term lightly – real showstoppers that still adhere to Self Portrait's accessible price point. They're the sort of clothes that collect compliments, and that you'll want to wear for years to come.Don't think of this as (nearly) the end of summer, then – consider it a new beginning. If not for your academic career, then certainly for your wardrobe...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The MTV Video Music Awards are fast approaching, and we've decided to take a stroll down red-carpet-memory-lane. We've got everything covered, from the most bare of barely-there dresses to double denim ensembles to make even Canada weep. Please note, feelings of nostalgia are perfectly normal.Historically, an awards ceremony is a classy affair filled with glitz, glamour and A-list celebs on their best behaviour. The VMAs, however, manages to create some of the most talked-about moments of any given year, thanks to some outlandish outfits and questionable speech-making (here's looking at you, Kanye). Is there anything more iconic than the Britney and Madonna kiss, after all? And don't even get us started on Lady Gaga's meat dress.Ahead of this weekend’s 2019 awards, run with us on a trip down memory lane and examine the 20 most iconic outfits, as chosen by us. And don't worry Taylor, we'll let you finish.Who could forget the time in 1998 when Rose McGowan truly gave new meaning to the term 'naked dress'? An iconic VMA moment. In her first public appearance since the birth of her daughter, Kulture, Cardi B took a rather demure approach to the 2018 VMA's and we're into it. The singer sported a then-new pixie crop to compliment her Nicholas Jebran dress with a thigh high split to envy Angelina. Arguably our favorite super of all, it's Cindy Crawford, wearing a classic Versace creation by Gianni himself. This bondage inspired dress was made complete with Cindy's addition of the red ribbon, supporting the fight against HIV/AIDS. When Lady Gaga wore a dress made of meat to the VMAs we were all shocked and maybe also initially confused. This statement echoed a speech that Gaga made called The Prime Rib of America, where she spoke of her wish to end discrimination of gay men and women serving in the US military.After the singles 'We Can't Stop' and 'Wrecking Ball' came this, a questionable silver surfer/spacewoman look from Miley. Nobody but Miley could pull this off. And that's all we have to say on the matter. Proof that you don't necessarily need to use shock tactics to make an entrance, the endlessly flawless Naomi stole the show in 2016 in this mint green Brandon Maxwell mini. We bow down. This backless satin number was a red carpet winner for Rita Ora. Designed by Donna Karan, complete with train and thigh-high slit, with the possibility of inspo from Jessica Rabbit. One gust of wind though...No wonder her legs were insured. Red carpets need more Mariah, if you ask us. If there's anything better than Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake wearing matching denim ensembles to the 2001 American Music Awards, it's Katy Perry paying homage to that at the VMAs. Plus, it's custom Versace. Fancy. This was Kendall and Kylie's first time at the VMAs and, like any panicked party guest, they decided to play it safe and go with anything black. Remember when Christina Aguilera started channeling '50s glamour? Well, this is a prime example of that. Nice work, XTINA. Trust the Carter's to bring their A-game when it comes to matchy-matchy, mother-daughter moments. Beyoncé's date for the 2016 VMA's was her then four-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy. She wore a tiara, of course. Perhaps one of her most iconic looks, Madonna attended the VMAs in 1984 sporting a belt reading 'BOY TOY' (obviously), complete with white lace gloves and her signature bustier.Baldwin before the Bieber - at the 2016 VMA's Hailey stunned in a sultry sheer jumpsuit complete with barely there sandals and "I woke up like this" hair. Erm, we're sort of into it? Also, Kim Kardashian recreated this for Halloween. Who said fashion was circular? It wouldn't be a red carpet homage without a little Kardashian, and this 2016 look did not disappoint. Straying from her normal uniform of sleek tresses and strong contour, Kim took the 'less-is-more' approach to her beauty look to compliment her overtly sexy LBD. Is this possibly the most low-key the reality star has ever looked?  Oh, Kelly Clarkson, you'll always have a place in our hearts. This golden gown was pretty chilled for the VMAs red carpet, and she just looks lovely. We're just off to listen to Breakaway... The red carpet look that inspired a million fancy dress costumes (including Miley Cyrus in 2013) - is this one-shouldered, boob-baring jumpsuit the most famous of all VMA history? The Stranger Thing's Actress made her red carpet debut in 3 of 2017's biggest trends: ruffles, polka dots and sheer fabrics and immediately skyrocketed to the top our all the best-dressed lists. Millie, then 13-years-old, completed her chic Rodarte mini with tough lace-up boots and a ballerina-esque bun.Don't be fooled by the rocks that she's got, Jenny from the Block took to the red carpet a chain-mail Versace gown to accept the Video Vanguard Award before heading to the stage to perform a medley of hits, including "Love Don't Cost A Thing" and "On The Floor". J-Lo forever. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just when you thought you'd seen (or heard, at least) the last of the Zara dress that is so ubiquitous it has its own Instagram account, along comes the news that tomorrow will be the first Wear The Dress Day, designed to raise money to help combat period poverty.Conceived by Faye Oakenfull – the woman behind said Instagram account, @hot4thespot – the idea is that people all over the world wear THE dress tomorrow (August 22) and donate money to Free Periods, a charity founded by Amika George in 2017 in response to the news that children were missing school as they were unable to afford menstrual products. More free stuff for you dress wearers on Wear The Dress Day!! This Thursday @boxpark are offering a free glass of Prosecco to anyone in The Dress across ALL their sites !! 🥂🥂🥂A post shared by  Hot 4 The Spot (@hot4thespot) on Aug 19, 2019 at 6:25am PDT'It has been amazing to (unexpectedly) watch the [Instagram] account blow up over the past few months, and it only seemed right to seize an opportunity to do some social good whilst the page’s popularity is still at its peak,' said Oakenfull. 'Picking a cause that reflected the same feminist spirit of the incredible community that the dress has created was important to me — which is why I reached out to Free Periods to ask if we could join in their campaign to tackle period poverty across the world.'For those who want to wear the Zara dress (which recently came back into stock, only to sell out in all sizes but XS) tomorrow, or who simply want to play along with the Wear The Dress Day Bingo, created by Oakenfull, donations can be made here. Free Periods has already successfully campaigned to secure government funding for free, so that menstrual products are now universally available in all of England’s schools and colleges. Now, it's working on building a global movement, 'normalising the conversation around periods and ensuring that all young people have access to the period products they need.' And a more difficult round of Hot4TheSpot Bingo for our more seasoned spotters 👀A post shared by  Hot 4 The Spot (@hot4thespot) on Aug 18, 2019 at 7:49am PDTGemma Abbott, director of Free Periods said, 'We are thrilled to have the support of one of the internet's loveliest, and funniest, communities. Every donation will help us in the fight for menstrual equity, for young people across the world.'So, whether or not you've customised your dress, as per our advice, have invested in the new black version, happen to be getting married in it or just love wearing the OG viral dress loud and proud, wear it tomorrow for a good cause.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In 1996, at junior school in Hampshire, I bought my first ever statement piece (although, being 10, of course I never would have called it a ‘statement piece’): a silver puffer jacket. Even though the boys mercilessly mocked me for it, my tinfoil moment was a triumph: ridiculous, glamorous, and totally my thing. Until it wasn’t. One morning my best frenemy turned up in exactly the same coat. I can still remember the hot rage it evoked in me – it had taken chutzpah to wear that coat in a sea of navy and black (particularly at a time when Babylon Zoo’s Spaceman was number one), and dedication to track it down (pre-internet shopping days, I’d gone up to London with my mum on a mission). And now here was someone else ripping off my play for schoolyard individuality.I cringe to admit this, of course, and I’d like to think in the intervening quarter of a century I’ve matured at least a little (nobody wants to be Mean Girls’ Regina George who claimed ownership over hoop earrings). Except fast-forward to 2019 when a friend pitched up in exactly the same dress I’d been wearing weekly for the past two months, but pleading ignorance of the fact, and that same rage bubbled up again. Immature? Probably. Territorial? Definitely. But my thing? You’d better believe it.Even celebrities are not immune to the gripes of copy culture. In the early Noughties it was rumoured that Kate Moss was fed up with Sienna Miller ‘stealing’ her style; but then, in a 2009 interview with The Times, Marianne Faithfull called Kate a ‘vampire’ who had hungrily sucked up her look. Last year, the Instagram copycat warriors @diet_prada (who, it should be noted, often provide a valuable platform for young and emerging designers whose ideas have been ripped off, often by larger, more commercial labels) drew attention to the fact that Kim Kardashian appeared to be piece-for-piece mimicking some of Naomi Campbell’s best ’90s looks. There is no statute of limitations for copying, it seems.  Hey Fashion Nova, here’s a tip... you can just go ahead and copy any 90s Versace Naomi wore instead of secretly collaborating with Kim lol. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ • Via: Twitter (@ fuckrashida) Insta @rashidareneeward ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ • #naomicampbell #supermodel #versace #gianniversace #alaia #azzedinealaïa #kimkardashian #90s #vintage #vintagedress #vintageversace #stylist #recreation #lace #glam #sparkle #leopard #animalprint #bodycon #reproduction #fashionnova #fastfashion #idea #bodysuit #catsuit #alaia #kardashian #kuwtk #ootd #wiwt #dietpradaA post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Mar 12, 2019 at 12:41pm PDTSo, is this quest for perceived originality ultimately futile? Perhaps so, given that we’re now living in generation influencer – where people’s ‘individual’ style has become highly commodifiable. We now expect to see consumers identically imitating the exact look they see on a favourite Instagram grid. Nowhere can you see the virility of copy culture more obviously than in this summer’s style sensation: that Zara polka-dot dress. A modest, monochrome frock, it has become a sensation thanks to its sheer ubiquity. Instagram fan account @hot4thespot now has over 21.3k followers. Such is the power of the polka dot, Zara last week announced it's now launching the dress in a reverse colourway – white polka dots on black – which even if it shifts half as many as the white one, we can expect to be winter’s It dress. THE @samsmith fangirling The Dress at Wilderness last weekend 🥳😱 @woody_netherendfarmA post shared by  Hot 4 The Spot (@hot4thespot) on Aug 7, 2019 at 5:47am PDTUndoubtedly, there are a number of contributing factors to the runaway popularity of the dress: it’s flattering, it’s affordable, it’s easy. But more than that, it looks even better in real life, on real women, than it does in the lookbook. It’s the clothing equivalent of a word-of-mouth hit.So why the shift in our attitude to copycatting? And what’s the appeal of wearing something everyone else already has? ‘There is a sense of safety in pieces that have become ubiquitous – the feeling that you can’t go “wrong” style-wise if so many people are wearing it,’ says Katherine Ormerod, author of Why Social Media Is Ruining Your Life (following 52k, zero problem with anyone imitating her) puts it. ‘That is really attractive to shoppers who a) don’t have the time or inclination to invest time in shopping or b) lack confidence in what they wear.’Nicola Richman, a chef, food stylist and proud owner of the Zara dress, has zero problem with sharing it. ‘Before the dress became well known, so many people asked me where I got it from, including my boyfriend’s mum, who has since bought it to wear to an informal wedding,’ she says.‘I think it puts a smile on your face when someone wants to buy something you are wearing – it’s affirmation that you got it right.’ Ditte Reffstrup, creative director of Ganni, whose lime green check dress has been another of this summer’s viral success stories, says it’s often hard to predict which item is going to be a runway success – but, ultimately, it’s always about the strength of the piece. ‘The smock, the length and the lime check altogether is an unexpected cocktail, but it just works,’ she says of her latest cult hit. ‘One of the reasons for the dress’s success is that it’s such a flattering shape for all body types and is so effortless, because it doesn’t need any styling.’ Does she think running the risk of unintentional outfit twinning should put you off? No chance. ‘I am inspired by women I see on the streets every day. If someone is inspired by your outfit, I think it’s a compliment. No shame at all!’  dress of the summa, i’m calling itA post shared by  imani (@champagnemani) on Jun 7, 2019 at 9:58am PDTPR director Charlotte Collins, who has the Ganni dress, concurs. ‘You just have to rock it and laugh it off!’ she says of the risks of unintentional twinning. But while I admire her gumption, it’s fair to say the rules of copyquette are nuanced. Now I’m a few years removed from the school playground, I’ve realised I don’t have a problem with it when someone asks permission to buy the same piece. I’ll happily tell a stranger I’ll never see again where I got something and I certainly don’t take issue when it’s pure coincidence – in fact, I actually like it. I don’t mind when it’s a generic staple piece; I do when it’s a wardrobe game-changer. And my personal red line: however much I love something a friend is wearing, however much I know we would be so good together, I must never, ever go and get it on the sly myself. Painful, but them’s the rules.  All the things she said. @ganni  @stephwilsonstylist  @dhpr_london  #ganni #NYC #southbrooklynA post shared by  Zawe Ashton (@zawe) on Jul 6, 2019 at 12:35pm PDTUltimately, however, perhaps in these matters it’s best to adapt an Oscar Wilde maxim: ‘The only thing worse than being copied, is nobody copying you at all.’Good copyquette: how to copy with manners… Imitate a look from head-to-toe. It’s one thing buying the same top/shoes/dress; it’s veering into Single White Female territory to carbon copy the whole look.Ask permission if you want to buy the same piece a friend has been repping. A simple, ‘I really love that on you, would you mind if I get it too?’ can really mitigate the irritation factor.Pretend you’ve never seen your friend wearing the piece before. It’s weird.Be sensitive about where you wear something. If you are going to get the same dress as a friend that would be perfect to wear for a wedding you’re both attending, check if they want to wear it before you do. First buy = first dibs.Get annoyed if the copying is pure coincidence.Keep pieces on ice. If you really can’t bear the thought of a friend buying the same piece, wait to wear it – it’s a lot harder to track something down when it’s already sold out. (Although you do run the risk of them hunting it down on sale – a double blow). And buy vintage if you really can’t bear it.Assume you have wholesale ownership over an entire brand or style.Remember that while you might find it highly irritating, the cliché that, ‘Imitation is the most sincere form of flattery,’ really is true.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We wouldn’t normally advise you to look at Fashion Week street style for sensible wardrobe ideas that are comfortable, practical and democratic.But at Copenhagen Fashion Week – held in the Danish capital earlier this month – there was one piece that ticked all three criteria: the tent dress.Perhaps it shouldn’t be a surprise that for the bike-riding cool-girl Danes, ‘comfort dressing’ is far from a sign of laziness. But this Fashion Week their commitment to comfort was on full display, as they turned up the volume in billowing dresses with modest, cover-all silhouettes. The message was clear: if you couldn’t comfortably fit another show-goer underneath, then you hadn’t gone tenty enough.The appeal is all in the ease. ‘I think our voluminous dress is flattering for everyone,’ says the Danish designer Cecilie Bahnsen, whose capacious, butter-wouldn’t-melt styles are a fashion editor favourite. ‘Their sculptural shape and light, easy volume embodies a feminine power and strength.’‘I love a tent dress – it makes you feel more comfortable in your skin,’ adds Daisy Hoppen, founder of DH-PR, who has an excellent collection that includes designs by Rejina Pyo, Dôen and Simone Rocha. ‘You can curl up tucked within it to watch a movie, or layer over swimsuits and bikinis when on holiday.’ And did we mention they are the opposite of restrictive? Have all the pastries you want at breakfast, shrug off the streaky fake-tan faux pas – nobody will know.But can you really wear one IRL? Absolutely. Just follow the Copenhagen-approved mantra: tone down the commune-meets-fairy-tale vibes by pairing them with tomboyish, utilitarian pieces. As Suzanne Pendlebury, Matchesfashion.com’s head of womenswear, points out, ‘It is such an easy trend to wear well and I love the mix of more feminine voluminous dresses with a trainer or flip-flop.’‘The appeal is in their versatility,’ says Lucia Caponi, creative director of Loretta Caponi – known for its wafty nightgowns. ‘They’re soft and comfortable, but can also be feminine and sexy.’Although the tent dress seems to baulk against the received knowledge that fitted, waist-cinched silhouettes are always more flattering, it’s a misnomer that these generous, gusty shapes can only be worn by willowy teens who are taller than a basketball player. If you’re short, simply go for a midi rather than a maxi, and opt for three-quarter-length sleeves. If you’re booby, then go for one which shows a hint of décolletage. And if you’re way too confident to be wooed by such a demure cut, then try a sheer style. Put a bit of effort into finding the right one, and end-of-summer dressing will be a breeze.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Carnival is nigh. As the official swearing in of autumn encroaches (breathes into paper bag) this bank holiday is officially the last moment at which to max your credit card and endure a three day hangover. But Carnival fashion can go very, very wrong - here are a few kind words of caution before you slide into some high-shine spandex.While Carnival is all about parading around in your #NSFW get ups, it is also a cavernous and extensive opportunity (thanks to social media) at which to embarrass yourself. Let’s make sure that this year, you’re not that guy, abandoned and alone, surrounded by empty gas canisters, beef patty all over your cycling shorts, sun visor to one side with the tracks of drunken tears right the way through your face paint. On the Carnival scale of Rihanna to Boris Johnson, lets aim for quite left of center.Credit: ShutterstockNO: Let's just get cultural appropriation out of the way. I hope we don't have to raise any red-flags about Native American headdresses, bindi's and hats with pre-attached dreads. Somehow these items have become fashion accessories. Avoid at all costs. YES: denim and tie-dye.Credit: ShutterstockNO: Pretty sandals. Are you serious? Anything with even the suggestion of an open toe is out. Watch the river of Red Stripe and, er, other unidentified liquids flow over your exposed feet. YES: Trainers are the only feasible footwear for Carnival, but leave your box-fresh pairs at home. Instead opt for those Reebok classics that you wore to the gym. Alternatively, if you don't want to downgrade your look, Air Force 1s in black are basically bullet proof and Adidas Gazelles look better covered in all sorts anyway.Credit: ShutterstockNO: If you can't distinguish between your denim cut offs and your underwear in terms of surface area, then leave them at home.YES: Wear cut-offs if you want, but we'll be opting for longer skater lengths and bike shorts this year because we know we're going to need to be able to run, jump, bob, weave, give piggy backs and perform insurgent-levels of athleticism all day. Longer length shorts with a fluro sports bra a breezy unbuttoned shirt is our solution. Credit: ShutterstockNO: That one-piece swim suit that looked so great underneath your vintage jeans this morning is not such a great idea as you queue outside a smug local's home and pay the git a fiver to go to the loo. YES: Brightly coloured swimwear and underwear under anything dark mesh, or a baseball shirt, or dungarees, gives just the right nod of 'hey, I'm here, showing off my undies, but videos of me dancing will not be going viral tomorrow.'Credit: ShutterstockNO: Novelty pineapple sunglasses. Thank us later.YES: As a rule of thumb when accessorising for carnival, more is more. Statement sunglasses, caps, whistles - go for it. Some out-there nail art is ideal. Also a big yes to bum bags worn across the body; hands free should be your priority.Credit: ShutterstockNO: Primary colours will look wishy-washy against the buzz of Carnival. Lock away the neutrals and step away from subtle, soft pastel shades.YES: In a word: fluro! © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's a funny old time to go shopping. The sale rails are in full swing – though dwindling slowly – but there's also fresh pickings from the new season dropping in stores. That's right, AW19 has already started to arrive in stores and online, meaning everything looks shiny, new and very appealing. But don't think these new buys have to be kept until the trees shed their leaves and everybody is back at school – these are the new season pieces that you can buy now, wear now and keep enjoying right through winter. How's that for cost-per-wear?BUY: Massimo Dutti, Wrap Dress, £69.95 You can go punchy when it comes to one-pieces, with prints, high collars, puffed sleeves, or pare things back with a minimalist wrap.BUY: Elleme, Madeleine Yellow, £335Make neat shoulder bags and sculptural top handles your arm candy of choice.BUY: Pilgrim, Earrings, £24.99BUY: Pilgrim, Necklace, £39.99Calling all magpies! Pearl-embellished necklaces, resin earrings, chain anklets...anything goes this autumn.BUY: Zara, Cargo Trousers With Zips, £29.99Go utilitarian with trousers and skirts this season. Cargo pockets, zippered hemlines and a khaki colour palette are the details to note.BUY: Uterque, Gold Braided Mules, £99Footwear has gone fun. The only consensus? The heel should be block or low. It's all about comfort.BUY: & Other Stories, Blazer, £120BUY: & Other Stories, Trousers, £85A trouser suit is the best shortcut for looking sleek and pulled together for the new season.BUY: Ganni, Seersucker Stripe Wrap Shirt, £150 Look for block-color or striped button-downs. And if you still want a flouncy blouse? Ruffles should be around the collar.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It has, without doubt, been the summer of the dress. Not one specific dress, of course, but a total riot of wafty midis, puff sleeved minis and basically everything else in between. We've seen the return of the babydoll, a 330 per cent increase in searches for prairie dresses and a Zara dress that became so popular, it now has an entire Instagram account dedicated to its very existence. So, to be a dress that stands out among all that competition is to be very impressive indeed. And given that sales of Tu's gingham midi have increased by an enormous 170 per cent, it's safe to say we're impressed.The dress, which is a cotton-linen blend, has a button-down skirt, short sleeves and is incredibly flattering. It's comfy, too, and ideal for anything the summer has to throw at you (BBQs, holidays – you could probably even wear it for a wedding if you dressed it up enough). It was also a very reasonable £22, until it became an even more reasonable £16.50, owing to an offer Tu is currently running across its clothing lines.The dress has been so popular that it has sold out online and remains available only in sizes 12, 14 and 20. It could still be available in your local Sainsbury's however, suggesting that your next food shop could be entirely more fruitful than usual.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From floor-length red sequins to the white dress that became nothing short of iconic, Marilyn Monroe's costumes became almost as famous as their wearer. Now, some of them will be available to buy as part of an auction celebrating legendary women in Hollywood, held in Beverly Hills later this year. There are pieces available from Monroe's most famous films, including Some Like It Hot, Seven Year Itch and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. From the 1954 film, River Of No Return, there will be a yellow silk gown on offer (that used to be owned by Debbie Reynolds), as well as a three piece costume from the film There's No Business Like Show Business, including a black sequin bandeau top, full floral print skirt and oversized straw hat. It's expected to sell for between £50,000 and £66,000, while a sketch of the costume by fashion designer William Travilla will also be on sale, with a guide price of £2,500.There will also be a red sequin dress in the auction, worn by Monroe at the beginning of Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, in which she starred alongside Jane Russell. The dress is also estimated to sell for around £60,000.There are, in total, 115 items that will be up for auction. As well as the clothes, there will be a selection of miscellaneous items, too, including a chair used in Monroe's final photo shoot in July 1962 (expected to sell for anything between £6,600 and £8,300) and a cheque written out to her acting coach for 60 dollars. If you happen to be near London's Mayfair Hotel between September 18 and October 21, you will have the chance to see four of Monroe's outfits, before they are then shipped over to LA for the auction at Julien's Auction's in Beverly Hills.The two day auction will begin on November 1, and fans can even bid online here. So, if you happen to have a casual £60,000 to spare, you could buy your very own piece of Hollywood history.Before there was Marilyn Monroe, there was Norma Jean. With darker hair and a fresh-faced approach to make-up, you can still see the beginnings of the superstar she was about to becomeThis photograph perfectly showcases Marilyn's megawatt smile and impeccably groomed browsMonroe managed to pull off a fairly high octane beauty look with ease – her trademark red lipstick has become iconic, as has her famous beauty spotWhen she decided to dye her hair platinum blonde to be more 'employable' as a model, Monroe morphed into the screen icon we know today. In all her sultry glory, this is classic Monroe. We love her wet-look red lip and exaggerated winged liner – two things that are still championed todayMonroe's beauty spot and perfectly winged eyeliner may have been applied in 1955 but wouldn't look out of place today© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When I was about 11, I went method. Having just read Little Women for the second time, I decided I would adopt the character of Jo on a full-time basis. I wore hats and staged plays that nobody watched, while my whole family (quite rightly) ignored me until I gave up. Naturally, I’ve been looking forward to the latest cinematic interpretation of the novel, as directed by Greta Gerwig. Released early next year, the film stars Saoirse Ronan, Emma Watson, Florence Pugh, Eliza Scanlen, Timothée Chalamet, Laura Dern and Meryl Streep. A cast not to be sniffed at. But when the first trailer for the film was released this week, it wasn’t the actors that struck me. It wasn't even the fact that I was in tears because it looks so joyfully brilliant. It was the fact that looking at Watson, Pugh, Ronan and Scanlen (Meg, Amy, Jo and Beth, respectively) was like peering into my wardrobe, as I do every single morning.I haven’t completely lost the plot and decided to live every day in cosplay, before you ask. But I have embraced fashion’s preoccupation with high necklines, low hemlines and absolutely everything ruffled with such ferocity that my boyfriend asked me the other day if I had intentionally started to dress like a character in a period drama. Turns out, yes! I have! In fact, a lot of us have. Expert beauty tips include using birthday ribbon to distract from the fact that you didn’t bother to do your hair on a Monday morning. You’re welcome 🎀A post shared by  H B W (@hbankswalker) on Jun 24, 2019 at 9:07am PDTSearches for prairie dresses – long sleeves, high neckline and floor-sweeping skirt, for which we most definitely have the 19th century to thank – are up by 38 per cent since May,according to Lyst. Net-a-Porter, meanwhile, saw searches for prairie dressing increase by 330 per cent compared to last year. This is, in large part, due to the advent of brands such as The Vampire’s Wife, Zimmerman, Brock Collection, Batsheva and LoveShackFancy, all of whom are peddling a similar aesthetic, riffing on a theme of romantic, demure pieces that have been wholeheartedly embraced by celebrities and Insta-famous women, only broadening their appeal. Some kind of freedomA post shared by  Aurora James 🦢 (@aurorajames) on Aug 19, 2018 at 12:40pm PDTOn the high street, several brands have introduced entire sections of their websites solely dedicated to the prairie trend, selling ditsy prints and Broderie Anglaise blouses by the dozen. For ASOS, a dozen translated to 90,000 Broderie Anglaise pieces in the month of March alone, resulting in the brand buying more Broderie in different colours and styles. Similarly, Topshop has a section entitled ‘On The Prairie’, in which you can peruse pintuck dresses, pleated blouses, shirred tops and Western-style boots. Earlier in the year, Urban Outfitters even resurrected Laura Ashley, producing a capsule collection of pieces with a distinctly prairie flavour. The most prairie of all the pieces – the puff sleeved dress – sold out almost instantly. Laura Ashley made us do it. @endlesslyloveclub @lauraashleyuk #UOonYouA post shared by  Urban Outfitters Europe (@urbanoutfitterseu) on May 8, 2019 at 9:38am PDTIt is the direct antithesis to fashion’s recent penchant for chunky trainers bearing historic names (Balenciaga, Chanel, Gucci) and oversized hoodies with couture-like price tags (here’s looking at you, Vetements). If the Hemline Index suggests that skirts are longer during periods of economic instability, then perhaps prairie dressing, with its high necks, long sleeves and ruffles for days is reflective of the world’s current political crisis; Brexit on one side, Trump on the other and an ever-growing sense of uncertainty and unease. AW19 Backstage  Thanks @mia_jorgensenA post shared by  ceciliebahnsen (@ceciliebahnsen) on Jul 2, 2019 at 10:22pm PDTWith the likes of Erdem, Preen and Cecilie Bahnsen all returning to the prairie for their autumn/winter 2019 collections, whatever we’re dealt with – politically-speaking – over the next 12 months, at least we’ll be facing it with the resolve of Jo March – and in something that resembles her clothing, too.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Reformation is many things. It's sustainable, incredibly popular and it makes truly excellent dresses (as well as jeans, blouses, shoes, swimwear and even wedding dresses, for heaven's sake!). While it's not so expensive as to be rendered inaccessible, it is around the sort of price that makes you think twice, if not three times before buying. This can only be a good thing, however, and one that fits neatly with Reformation's own sustainable ethos. But it also means that when there's a sale, it's truly time to make hay while the sun shines.The mid-summer sales are a surprise to nobody. They happen annually – obviously – and usually offer the chance to buy a bikini at a more affordable price, all the while watching winter coats and knee-high boots fill the shelves in August. Reformation's current sale, however, is like something from a dream. Because while some brands have a sale section that currently acts as a physical depiction of T.S, Eliot's The Waste Land (August is the cruellest month, sartorially speaking), Reformation, on the contrary, is a bountiful treasure trove of delights.Lavender Dress, WAS £225 NOW £180That delightful printed midi you've been hankering after for the past few weeks? Friend, it's half the original price (probably, I mean obviously I'm not telepathic or anything). There are blouses, swimwear, skirts and trousers, too – all for a fraction of the original price. Buy long sleeved midis now and wear with polo necks and boots come autumn or bagsy a new Breton top for less than £30.The best part of all this is that buying Reformation in the sale in no way negates its sustainable credentials. You're still purchasing a lovely dress that you'll wear forever (and that was manufactured ethically) but just at a lower price. I feel like everybody wins, here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every other week, an unhappy customer seems to take to Twitter to call out a fashion brand for falsely advertising unwearable clothes.The latest outrage comes from Phoebe Buchan from Norfolk, who ordered a £17.50 White Dobby Mesh Frill Sleeve mini dress from I Saw It First...only to find that neckline was so small, only a grapefruit could fit through it.While that might seem funny to many, it's just a symptom of how irresponsible these online fashion houses are being - targetting women with their advertising, pushing rock-bottom prices and refusing to produce clothes of any real quality.With firms like Boohoo.com and I Saw It First offering ultra-cheap dresses, it’s easy to see why Brits spend the most on clothes every year than any other country in the EU. 50 years ago, we were buying less and mending more - something that isn’t feasible with the quality of clothing on offer now and the relentless marketing (particularly targeted at women) by these big firms.It's not the fault of the customers, many of whom are young women without huge disposable incomes, but these fast fashion mistakes come at price for the planet.We do need the government to take decisive action against irresponsible industries.The work I’m doing in the EU is all about creating sustainable jobs for communities via the Green New Deal.The Green New Deal is a set of goals created to tackle the climate crisis by putting social justice at the centre of everything. It will create secure, well paid jobs and investment in renewable energies and energy efficiency measures like cavity wall insulation.We need to see incentives for British fashion houses to move away from virgin resources and rely instead on sophisticated recycling and upcycling methods, and we need to demand that they paid workers a living wage - wherever they may be.Drastic action against our current fashion culture has to be taken now if we want to avoid this island drowning in badly-made, unethical, tie-dye t-shirts, or another humanitarian disaster like the Rana Plaza collapse.According to Radio 4’s Today Programme, we’re buying five times more clothing than we did 30 years ago and every year, we chuck out 1 million tonnes of the stuff - with 20% going straight to landfill. Social media sponsored posts, online shopping and same-day delivery have all meant that it’s never been easier to get a new outfit for the weekend...every weekend.Perhaps there should be a ‘fashion fine’ against firms who create genuinely unwearable garments. Or a tax should be levied against companies who make clothes from virgin sources which are non recyclable. Rather than passing the cost onto the customer per item, a tax should be held against the company.We need to look beyond blaming consumers and start going for the industry responsible for the gross amount of waste it produces.Would anyone really want to buy a top that they knew had been made using slave labour? By getting firms to be transparent about their means of production - both material and human - we can start to open up that dialogue and where areas are found wanting, we should apply a financial hit against the firm rather than the garment.Firms exploit slavery in other countries by outsourcing to the cheapest possible labour market. Many of us may rail against the idea of modern-day slavery but fail to make the connection between someone forced to work 12-hour shifts for the bare minimum in India and the latest bikini set advertised on Love Island.It’s clear that we should only be allowing goods into our economy that are made using the same standards that we operate by here in the UK and in the EU. I sit on the employment and women’s rights committees in the European Parliament, and it’s obvious that if firms actually cared about improving the welfare of their workers, they’d be willing to abide by our environmental, health and safety and human rights laws.A fashion tax might help to curb our excess and more stringent anti-slavery laws would go some way to pushing up the price of garments from the manufacturing end - a hike that companies should be forced to absorb. But the fact remains that all those women who died in Bangladesh six years ago were busy making our Zara, Mango and Benetton clothes. Fast fashion isn’t just an ecological time bomb - it’s a feminist issue and a human rights crisis too.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The underwear market looks dramatically different now than it did five years ago. While there's still a long way to go – in advertising generally, but particularly those adverts aimed at women – before the landscape is inherently inclusive, there has certainly been a shift in messaging from lingerie brands. Where once, the industry was dominated by the likes of Victoria's Secret, designing underwear for women that is explicitly presented through the male gaze (and modelled on women all of a similar body type – i.e very slim), there's now a variety of brands directly challenging that business model, from Rihanna's Savage x Fenty to Beija London.The latter has just launched a new campaign featuring 27 women in 27 different sizes, to illustrate just how inclusive lingerie can be. The London-based label has long been challenging the industry standard; the images it uses online have always featured models all of different sizes, while the product itself is categorised to fit certain needs and be easily identifiable. Bras, for example, come in X, Y or Z categories. X consists of soft, bralette styles without underwires that are designed for smaller cups AA - C, Y caters to B-D cups and Z feaures clever construction, technical fabrics and extra support for the larger cup (DD-G).Many brands still sell underwear and swimwear that is labelled as one size fits all. What that really means is that it will fit an ultra slim body that conforms to a certain ideal that has been held up before women for decades. Beija wants to undermine that idea completely, instead presenting us all with underwear solutions that truly fit our bodies.Founders Abbie Miranda and Mazie Fisher said: 'We wanted to create something that showcased the breadth of the Beija size range and involved our most important asset – our customers. So, we asked the audience to get involved and the response was phenomenal. None of the women are professional models and most have never done anything like this before. The day was a huge mix of shapes, sizes, confidence levels, nerves, excitement and a whole lot of girl power. This was a collaboration and with it, a powerful display of female energy.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s fairly impossible to overstate the popularity of Scandinavian fashion brands at present. Just recently, Ganni marked its 10th anniversary, celebrating the fact that it went from obscure cashmere brand to one of the most ubiquitous street style sights in no time at all. But they’re not the only Danish export to emerge victorious – brands like Saks Potts, Cecilie Bahnsen and Brøgger are all enjoying more attention thanks to events like Copenhagen Fashion Week (and an army of Insta girls wearing them, of course). One brand who has been quietly dressing some of the coolest Scandi girls, however, is Baum und Pferdgarten, now celebrating two decades in the business.Launched in 1999 by creative directors Rikke Baumgarten and Helle Hestehave – two friends who met at the Royal Academy of Design in Copenhagen 25 years ago – the brand is now available in more than 25 countries around the world, can be seen on some of the most influential fashion show-goers and yet is still relatively under-the-radar. But Baumgarten is still most surprised by the fact that they’re celebrating 20 years. ‘We’re really most proud that we actually got this far!’ she says. ‘We started our company without any money, knowledge or experience, just ideas and a vision. We got to where we are today through hard work and never giving up. We are always so proud seeing all the amazing women that wear Baum und Pferdgarten and are so grateful for all our retail and wholesale partners who have supported us along the way.’Indeed, one look at the streets of Copenhagen over the past week, as fashion week has been in full flow, means you will have seen countless Baum und Pferdgarten designs, from checked, tailored suits to sheer, tulle dresses. Their pieces are distinctive while still feeling wearable – and playful, too. But how would the designers themselves categorise their style? ‘We are huge fans of the oversized look,’ says Hestehave. ‘An oversized blazer is a must have piece in any wardrobe. We have always designed clothes for women who love to dress for themselves, not for anyone else.’Recent trends have seen an increase in longer hemlines, higher necklines and more oversized silhouettes – all of which have always been integral to Baum’s brand identity. Many have drawn connections between this and the #MeToo movement, suggesting that women are dressing for themselves now more than ever. ‘Maybe this ‘new wave’ is a reflection of the increased focus on self-care,’ Baumgarten says. If so, that tends to be a recurring theme from a lot of the Scandi brands – silhouettes are voluminous, almost rejecting a traditional concept of feminine sexuality, for example.The clothes feel like they’re designed for women, rather than through the gaze of a man. ‘Danish style is extremely cool but still accessible, it is stylish and comfortable at the same time. It can be very ‘in your face’ but there are always ways to dress it down and feel casual,’ says Hestehave. ‘Then there’s the quality of the products plus the focus on sustainability which is hugely important to us and is becoming more and more important to our customers.’Sustainability is a long-term goal for the brand. As Baumgarten says, ‘It is something we consider in everything we do but there is no easy overnight fix, it is a journey. Our aim is to continuously reduce the negative environmental impact of each collection – in our most recent SS20 collection, over 40 per cent of the clothes were made using responsible fabrics. This month we will actually be announcing our five year plan to take us where we want to be, so watch this space.’Whether you’re after an everyday midi dress that’s easy to wear or something more directional, like an oversized pink tunic worn over cycling shorts and with an organza bucket hat, Baum und Pferdgarten seems to deliver both effortlessly and without either seeming incongruous in any way. For that reason, it’s one of the most interesting brands to shop at its price point – another factor that makes it so appealing. Dresses, for example, can be anything from £99 for a polka dot wrap dress to £429 for printed, billowing silk. It’s competitive but, to tell the truth, endlessly more original than many labels operating at the same price point.Investing in sustainability is, for both Baumgarten and Hestehave, the main focus for the future. But it has to fit with their inclusive, fun aesthetic that is designed to appeal to a varied crowd. ‘We love seeing women of all ages wearing Baum. Baum is for women who are comfortable in their own skin, who love to express themselves through what they wear.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is there an occasion on earth where we won’t be greeted with the infamous Zara dress? We’ve seen it in the office, on the tube and now … down the aisle. That’s right, earlier this year a woman wore THE Zara dress to get married and now, the internet has entered hysteria over it.Gulnaz Khusneeva, the CEO of a children’s clothing company from Kazan, Russia, was gifted the dress by her sister after Gulnaz insisted she would wear something she old on her big day - because the wedding was ‘just a formality’.According to The Huffington Post, Gulnaz and her now-husband Azat, 33, had decided to get married quickly after finding out she was pregnant in December 2018.‘I’m a hard-working person and I didn’t care about our wedding,’ she said, ‘I thought, “it’s just a formality” – we had lived together four years and it was just for our baby. I wasn’t going to buy a special dress.’Alas, her sister refused to let her wear something she already owned. ‘She forbade me to go to the registry office in an old dress and bought me a new dress the day before our wedding,’ Gulnaz said, dubbing the polka-dot number her ‘perfect wedding dress’.Since she was in her second-trimester of pregnancy on the big day, the qualities of the Zara dress – being loose fitting and cool for the warm Spring weather – made it the perfect maternity wedding dress. However, Gulnaz was completely unaware of the dress’ popularity, because not only was it months before we started to see the dress on every other person but also because it’s just not as popular in Kazan.‘I found out about it three months after the wedding,’ she said. How? Thanks to @Hot4TheSpot, a fan Instagram account dedicated to the dress. Yes, really. Featured on the account herself this week, the response was monumental with thousands of likes and comments in support.In fact, Gulnaz was so overwhelmed by the response she has made the dress a celebration item in her wardrobe, promising to wear it when she’s discharged from hospital after having her baby.‘Historically important days in our family are associated with a magical dress from Zara’, she explained, ‘What an amazing story for our children and grandchildren! I will tell it many times.’So it seems the Zara dress has moved beyond a staple Summer item into occasion wear. Alas, we will never escape it’s power to appeal to the masses. Zara, you’ve done it again.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the high street is plagued by closing businesses, mass redundancies and dying brands, Dr Martens, by contrast, has enjoyed a stellar year. Profits have risen by a huge 70 per cent, with online sales now accounting for 16 per cent of the company's total revenues.This is thanks, in large part, to Dr Martens' vegan collection. Kenny Wilson, the brand's chief executive, said that sales of the cruelty-free range have increased by 'multiple hundreds of per cent' in the last few years, suggesting that sustainability is a growing concern among shoppers.There have also been some key collaborations that have helped boost sales, with everyone from the Sex Pistols to Marc Jacobs. And, of course, the iconic, lace-up boots have a large and unwavering celebrity following, including Miley Cyrus (who even has her own, bespoke glittery pair – of course she does), Julia Roberts, Bella and Gigi Hadid, Kaia Gerber, Kendall Jenner and Gwen Stefani, who may be the only person in the world who could pull off a knee-high pair with such aplomb.But the vegan range doesn't just consist of the classic boots. There are sandals, brogues, backpacks, satchels, card holders and Chelsea boots, too. If, therefore, you fancy boosting profits even more, shop the best bits from the range below. Unless everyone else beats you to it, that is...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here’s the latest word to add to your fashion dictionary: shoellery. Translation? Shoes with their very own built-in bling. Specifically, ones that come with their very own anklet straps.The trend has really become big news thanks to Bottega Veneta, whose sell-out mesh pumps come with gold chains threaded along the length of the foot. They’ll be back in stores by October but in the meantime, there are alternatives: influencer Gala Gonzalez has been wearing Alighieri’s double-loop chain-embellished espadrilles all summer, and this week, Florrie Thomas and Anna Vitiello, the fashion editors behind accessories Instagram account @andfinally, have launched a shoellery collaboration with footwear brand Maxine. Its square-toed Sabi sandals, which are available in beige linen or navy satin, come with a chain that snakes sexily around the ankle. ‘The anklet’s a thing of our teenage past, but you now find it on the chicest women around,’ explains Vitiello. ‘Jewellery on shoes is an extension of this, and subtly nods to the blingy styles that have dominated the past few seasons.’The shoellery element makes Sabi the ultimate day-to-night sandal. ‘The low heel means you can comfortably walk around all day, while the anklet renders them evening-ready. Wear the navy satin with a slinky slip or team the linen with your favourite white sundress,’ adds Thomas.If anklets are too much of a flashback to your gap-year glory days, there are subtle options available, too. Topshop’s Cuban-heeled Mercy boots have a single chain that curves across the foot, while Loewe’s sandals can instantly become minimal thongs by unclasping the three strings of colourful beads at the ankle. Clever, no?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Helix piercings may not be the most well known piercing but they are, quite possibly, the best looking piercings going in our opinion here at Grazia. And we aren't the only ones. The piercing has been sported by the likes of Scarlett Johansson, Miley Cyrus, Jennifer Aniston and Kylie Jenner, too.They're subtle and chic, flashing cheekily when your hair is tucked behind your ear. So, it goes without saying that we've found out everything we possibly can about them so you don't have to...I’ve already got a few piercings, some of which you already know about like my 90s-style belly bar and tragus piercing, and I also have two in both ear lobes. So in the name of investigative journalism Grazia decided to go and get our helix and forward helix pierced (respectively) because, what better way to tell you everything you need to know about helix piercings, than going and doing it? We even filmed it so you can get a better idea of the process. We hope you appreciate the blood, sweat and pain that went into it. Here’s everything you need to know about helix piercings.A helix piercing is a fancy name for any piercing on the upper cartilage of the ear. A double helix piercing is two piercings under one another, in this area.If you follow the curve of the top of your ear around until it meets your head, that little nook of your ear is where the forward helix piercing goes through. This is also known as the anti-helix and inner helix piercing.A triple helix is when there are two more studs going up from the initial forward helix, creating a line of three studs. If you get a double forward helix piercing, then it’s two studs in total.I wanted to get my forward helix pierced with a hoop, but the piercer recommended getting a bar instead, because hoops are more susceptible to infection. This is because bacteria can get caught in the curve and then be moved around the ear into the hole. Instead, I got it pierced with a curved bar so it fits better – a straight bar would have dug into the back of my ear.It wasn't overly painful but you can definitely feel it.This was definitely the most painful piercing I’ve had; I’d give it a 6/10. I think this might be because I had it done with a slightly thicker bar (1.6mm) so it stung more when it was going through. I’d do it again though; it wasn’t that bad.Prices will vary depending on where you go. We paid £20 for each of them but some places we went to charged up to £40. And some places may charge more for a forward helix.Clean the piercing twice a day using a clean cotton bud and a sterile saline solution, making sure you remove any dried blood or discharge. Gross. Don’t twist the jewellery though! Turning it doesn’t help; all it does is irritate it and make it more prone to infection. If you think it’s infected, go back to the piercer who can advise you on what to do next.Our piercer said it can take up to 12 weeks for the piercing to properly heal, although it depends on the person because everyone’s different. Make sure it’s properly healed before you change the jewellery, lest you make it all angry. You’ll know when it’s okay to change because it shouldn’t be painful, sore or weeping.You wouldn't want to roam the streets of Shoreditch looking basic with your new helix piercing, now would you? So we've selected some of the mother nature's best helix earrings from the ever artsy-fartsy Etsy. Trust us, you'll blend in with the ear-pierced hipster crowd there.Channel your astrological side with this silver star helix stud - which has the bonus of being made from sterling silver if you have sensitive skin. If your style star is Vanessa Hudgens and your favourite fashion programme is the Coachella Festival, then this gold helix hoop earring, £15.84, is perfect for your boho style. It even comes with a tiny Swarovski crystal birthstone. Another Boho-chic helix hoop earring, but this one comes in the form of a feather, £5.92 (includes shipping). This 14k gold hoop is 7mm diameter and 22 gauge. And it's also available in sterling silver, if that suits your fancy.With all this talk of the Little Mermaid live action remake - what better nod to the Disney classic than this adorable silver starfish hoop piercing? For just £5.92, it's made in sterling silver and 7mm in diameter. You can never go wrong with a simple band. This criss-cross helix earring is a no-pierce cuff - meaning you don't have to take the plunge of getting a hole put in your ear to sample the look. For £12.10 in a pretty rose gold, it's simple yet chic. Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Things You Only Know If You've Got A Nose PiercingTragus Piercing: Everything You Want To KnowIn Defence Of The Noughtie's Belly Button PiercingThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whoever you think your style muse is for summer, I’m here to tell you that it’s actually (or should be) a middle-aged man on his holidays. Not in terms of what clothes you’re wearing, obviously, but regarding what to wear on your feet. This is the sort of thing fashion throws at you that elicits an initial reaction of horror and disgust, which quickly dissolves into unadulterated pleasure when you realise how incredibly comfortable and content you are while wearing said thing. This specific thing is a pair of “ugly” or "dad" sandals, so called because they’re – well, they’re not exactly beautiful. But they sure are comfy.Like many trends, this is one that has always existed but has only recently been appropriated by fashion’s power players – in this case, it was Prada. Online search platform Lyst recently reported a 34 per cent increase in searches for “rubber sandals” since the beginning of March, with a search for “Prada velcro sandals” every seven minutes. That is a lot of velcro. At £420, the logo sandals have been an instant hit, selling out everywhere, with only limited sizes now available. And in the past month alone, consumer shopping app LiketoKnow ithas seen online searches for 'dad sandals' increase by a whopping 2800 per cent. That's a lot of velcro. 🧺A post shared by  Monikh Dale (@monikh) on Mar 31, 2019 at 6:27am PDTIt’s not just Prada, either. The Olsen twins have created their own luxury take on this pragmatic shoe for their brand The Row, culminating in a pair of buttery soft, black leather sandals that, despite being over £600, are alarmingly desirable. I just want to wear them with a billowing sun dress and live the summer in extreme comfort. Chloe, Gucci, Balenciaga, Acne and Louboutin also all have their own take on hiking sandals, although the latter are admittedly more glitz than the others. Even Chanel has a pair, emblazoned with the famous logo. And if Chanel’s doing it... Pink tiles for miles @lapostavecchiahotelA post shared by  Sarah Harris (@sarahharris) on Mar 23, 2019 at 10:28am PDTOn the high street, it’s really Teva you need to go to if you’re in the market for a pair of these sandals. The OG of the hiking sandal world, there’s all manner of colours and styles of Teva to choose from, all under £100.Before you dismiss these pragmatic sandals completely, just think about Ganni’s hiking boots of last season. They went from confusing choice of shoe to one of the sell-out pieces of autumn/winter, and were – needless to say – ubiquitous on Instagram. If you haven’t already seen your Insta feed flooded with images of Prada’s sandals, you’re clearly not looking hard enough.The Best Hiking Sandals To Buy For Summer 2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In the last couple of years, the Danish capital has become a lightning rod for new trends, with the city’s style pack the new agenda-setters for what we’ll all want to be wearing next. And it’s not what you think.The stereotype of muted Scandi minimalism has been ousted by something more playful, feminine and eclectic. If, right now, you’re hankering after hiking jackets and leopard-print dresses, hot pink boiler suits and two-tone cowboy boots (perhaps all together) – then, congrats, you’ve already got the memo.No brand has done more to shape the current Danish fashion landscape than Ganni, the contemporary label run by husband-and-wife duo, creative director Ditte Reffstrup and CEO Nicolaj Reffstrup. They took over and completely rejuvenated the brand – then a niche cashmere label – in 2009. This year, then, marks Ganni's 10th anniversary.‘Ganni is the Copenhagen girl that no one knew nine years ago – she’s a version of me, my friends, and the people I see on the street,’ explains Ditte. ‘She’s the girl you see on the street on her bike, wearing a dress with a pair of sneaks. It’s easy, effortless’.It might sound like a throwaway comment, but Copenhagen’s cycling culture is central to shaping the city’s aesthetic. Tight skirts and high heels just won’t do when you get around everywhere by bike – so even the prettiest designs are always underpinned with practicality. Ditto the Danes’ enviable work/life balance – it makes sense that the happiest nation on earth would excel at creating happy clothes.‘There is a recognisable link between the Danish mindset and the aesthetic that we’ve come to know of Danish brands,’ says Farfetch’s market editor, Celenie Seidel. ‘It’s that sense of happiness that I think customers have really identified within these brands and connected to.’Scandi Style 2.0 is defined by juxtaposing elements that shouldn’t work together but somehow do: hiking boots with prairie dresses, cycling shorts with blazers. It’s an inherently confident way of dressing, built on attitude and comfort.‘It’s all about the small surprising element that makes it fun,’ says Pernille Teisbaek, the super influencer and poster girl for Danish style. ‘What brands like Ganni are very good at is creating contrast, mixing something very feminine with something more masculine or sporty.’Even if you’re more of an Uber-commuter, chances are the Danish look has resonated. Social media has propelled Ganni’s success, with the #GanniGirls (as the label’s fans proudly hashtag themselves) the brand’s best advert. Surprisingly, get a Beyoncé or Rihanna in your designs and while it’s undeniably a moment, it might not necessarily translate to sales. ‘People want to see real girls,’ says Nicolaj. Ganni’s coup has been to root cool in quotidian ease. Women-friendly cuts imbue even the most outlandish designs – neon dresses, pastel denim – with a wearability that can often be missing at other labels.That relatability is down in part to Ditte’s instinctive approach to design (instinct has also served the couple well in their personal life – they married after just six months of dating – that was 14 years and three children ago). Ditte designs from her gut rather than by trying to second-guess trends or mimic success stories. ‘You can’t fool people, they can tell when you’re trying to be someone you’re not – it reflects in the clothes,’ she says. @slipintostyle in our neon lime tiger print skirt #gannigirls #ganniA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Aug 1, 2019 at 9:00am PDTGanni might be quintessentially Danish, but it’s a global player. It boasted a turnover close to $50 million in 2017 and is one of Net-A-Porter’s top 20 best-selling brands (where sales are up by 50 per cent compared to last year). It’s sold through 400 wholesalers worldwide, with 21 of its own stores in Scandinavia. In 2017, L Catterton, the consumer-focused private equity firm whose shareholders include LVMH, acquired a 51 per cent stake in the brand.Despite the success, Ditte and Nicolaj are adamant that they won’t hike prices. An elevated contemporary brand, Ganni is located firmly in the sweet spot – prices range from £15 for a scrunchie and go up to north of £1,000 for a shearling coat, with dresses coming in around £300 – it’s aspirational but, crucially, attainable. 🍯@alexachung in our honey bucket hat #gannigirls #ganniA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Jul 17, 2019 at 9:03am PDT‘I don’t want to be the brand that suddenly speaks down to the customers who built us up,’ says Ditte. ‘Good taste is not about money, it’s about being yourself and knowing who you are.’ Instead they have chosen to foster exclusivity via limited runs (refusing to immediately remake something even if it’s been a sell-out success), and carefully chosen wholesale partners. ‘It’s a matter of being honest. Sometimes contemporary fashion is insanely expensive for what it is – and luxury is even crazier,’ says Nicolaj, who adds that the brand’s pricing represents a bigger cultural touchpoint. It’s a matter of national pride to make great design a right rather than a privilege, which would explain why the Danes are currently conquering the so-called mid-market. ‘Denmark has a tradition of democratic design, not just in fashion but in furniture and industrial design,’ says Nicolaj.Ganni’s star has gone stellar, but retains the warmth and intimacy of a cult brand at its core. Take their post-show celebrations; not another soulless party, but fun house parties in Ditte and Nicolaj’s home. Just like the house parties we’ve all been to, except with LCD Soundsystem’s James Murphy on the decks and more great looking Danes milling about – and not one of them in head-to-toe black.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...That Zara Dress has become the theme of the summer. There’s an Instagram dedicated to people wearing it. We’ve even heard talk of a drinking game.Just like The Coat, last year, it's hard to go out without seeing The Dress, with searches for 'zara white polka dot dress' up 110% over the summer.Some people don’t mind wearing a dress that pretty much everyone in the UK owns and are leaning into it. For those who do, we’ve provided a handy guide on how to customise it and make it into a convincingly different-looking garment.But there’s another chapter of The Dress’s saga. It’s now available in the inverse colourway – black with white spots.It’s currently only available on Zara Australia’s website, where it costs $90. Bad news that it's only available for our Antipodean friends. We’ve heard rumours. however, that it’s coming to the UK at some point in the future.We'll let you know if/when the latest version of Zara's black and white polka dot dress makes it over to the UK. In the short term, keep an eye on eBay, where the dress might well end up and resist the temptation to get busy with a packet of black dye and some Tipp-Ex.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...However much you enjoy clothes, there are inevitably some days when the only thing you really feel like wearing is your pyjamas. It doesn't matter what constitutes pyjamas in your world – a pristine silk two piece or some faded jersey joggers – the comfort and liberty they provide is unrivalled. For the show-goers at Copenhagen Fashion Week, the temptation was just too great. Renowned for their street style nous, it's fair to say that if the CPHFW crowd sanctions PJs by day, we can all get on board.There were literal pyjamas seen on the street – light blue, silk sets and striped satin shirts and trousers worn with mules, for example – and there were more loose interpretations, as seen on Tinre Kjaer, in the form of a structured, plaid co-ord with shoulder pads. Pure genius.One guest arrived on her bicycle in a heatwave-friendly, cream pleated shirt and matching trousers, embodying everything I've been trying – and failing – to achieve in these current humid temperatures.Nicole Huisman wore a pink, printed twinset by Danish brand Helmstedt, who showed a number of PJ-inspired co-ords as part of its SS20 collection. Huisman wore hers with white cowboy boots and managed to not look like she'd just thrown on the nearest thing to pop to the corner shop. While few could manage such a coup, I'd suggest pairing a printed pair of PJs with kitten heels, gold jewellery and perhaps a bold lipstick, just to let everyone know that what you're wearing is intentional, as opposed to a terrible oversight on your part.Elsewhere, there was a pair of yellow, feather-trimmed, embellished PJ trousers worn with a retro jumper and flip-flops (much more successful in reality than it sounds). Nightwear, it seems, is taking over. Already, we've seen the rise of dresses either originally intended as night dresses or created purposefully in the style of something one might wear to bed. Sleeper, for example, is currently enjoying sell-out success with its feather-trimmed PJ sets and puff sleeve, linen dresses that have taken Instagram by storm.Given that nightwear-inspired pieces have been seen both on and off the catwalk at CPHFW for next spring/summer, it looks like this is not a trend that will quietly fizzle out any time soon. If the whole thing instils fear in your heart, follow the example of those feather-trimmed trousers and wear one piece with something else in your wardrobe, as opposed to dressing head-to-toe in your PJs.Adding any sort of tailoring – an oversized blazer, for example – will immediately give your outfit more structure. Similarly, a tucked-in, PJ-style blouse always makes the perfect partner for high-waist jeans, and is an excellent outfit option for the current summer weather we're being subjected to – intermittent rain, wind but still fairly humid.Accessories are also key – pick a beaded bag, add a hairband, sunglasses or jazzy earrings. If your outfit is as comfy as PJs, you can afford to splash out on your add-ons. On the plus side, you can just roll into bed as soon as you get home. No changing required.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember when dressing for a festival meant wearing your oldest clothes, rolling around in the mud and never worrying that somebody might film your not-exactly-sober antics for Instagram Stories? No, me neither. For it feels like a century since Kate, Sienna and Alexa became the OG of influencers (before that heinous word even became common parlance) and made the muddy fields of Glastonbury their catwalk. Until that point (not a century but rather less than a decade or so) Hunter wellies and Barbour jackets were synonymous with stuffy country dressing. Suddenly, they became fervently coveted by those who hadn't so much as seen a cow before.It makes sense, then, that Alexa Chung would team up with Barbour to put her own spin on the classic wax jacket – and that's exactly what she has done. Well, the collaboration is actually between Chung's eponymous fashion label ALEXACHUNG, but that's essentially the same thing. And after the success of the first collection that arrived in June this year, the second drop is finally here. As with the first offering, for the AW19 range different Barbour designs from the archives have been reimagined and given that inimitable Alexa Chung magic. In a statement, Chung said: "Some of my happiest memories have unfolded in a Barbour. The smell of the wax alone makes me feel like I’m home. For me Barbour has been part of my childhood, my coming of age and I am extraordinarily proud that it is now part of my future.”There are longer-line versions of the classic Barbour wax jackets, as well as fuzzy, short styles with quilted pockets for extra warmth. There's also accessories in the form of quilted totes and bucket hats galore – ideal for the impending August rain we've been forecast. Call it fate, call it destiny – whatever you call it, it seems like perfect timing that Chung's latest Barbour jackets would drop just in time to keep us all dry. It's almost like she planned it...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Earlier this week, a pair of ankle boots quietly took the country by storm. Square toed, lace-up, heeled and available in blue or yellow, they seem like an unlikely candidate to sell out completely within mere moments of arriving on Zara's (virtual) shelves. And yet, they've done just that, with only a size 3 now on offer.Suddenly, I realised that summer was flashing before my eyes. Not only had the new season haul starting making an appearance in shops everywhere, people are actually buying boots. Boots! And I've only just found a pair of sandals I can wear all day without developing blisters. I also realised, as I scrolled through shiny pictures of brand new shoes, that Zara had, without fanfare, just started selling some of the best sandals, mules, boots and pumps that I've seen on the high street for a long time.90.-style mules in pink, green and blue are like a party for your feet, floral print heels tie at the ankle with a flourish, red knee-high boots are crying out for colder weather and mid-heel sandals with multicoloured straps could easily be mistaken for an eye-wateringly expensive pair of shoes when, in actual fact, they're less than £30.There are quilted leather mules, mesh detail slingbacks, tassel loafers, metallic courts and even over-the-knee (sustainable) suede boots in pink, beige or green – not for the faint of heart. For the beginning of August, when it feels like absolutely everyone you know is on holiday and, well, you're not, it's an absolute treat. And if it feels slightly alarming to even be thinking of knee-high boots right now, just think how smug you'll be when Zara's latest sell-out success is already sitting in your wardrobe, ready to wear with your autumnal midis. Very smug indeed.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Instagram is a terrible enabler when it comes to tracking your ex’s movements and helping you spend money. It works like this: an influencer wears something – a dress, a pair of espadrilles – and within weeks you start seeing it again and again as you scroll. ‘The real snowball pieces always come from a place of authenticity,’ says influencer and author of Why Social Media Is Ruining Your Life, Katherine Ormerod. ‘A brand will send their lookbook and ask you to choose from the collection. We’re all influenced by the same taste osmosis and suddenly you see that dress that was so you.... everywhere. It’s rarely the piece a brand would push. It can be the simplest style that everyone falls for.’Indeed, this summer has only helped to prove Ormerod's point. From the brand everyone's coveting to the print everyone's wearing, here are the breakout stars of the past few weeks, as championed by Instagram...Your classic holiday post in a sunflower field wouldn’t be complete without this puff-sleeved number by Sleeper. The brand specialises in sleepwear and has had an Instagram boom – technical term – this summer. If the gingham is too picnic blanket for your liking, the mimosa print is equally good for the ’gram. Summer nights 💥A post shared by  Annabel Rosendahl (@annabelrosendahl) on Jul 29, 2019 at 12:33pm PDTTibi’s upscale leather flip-flops might be making the rounds on Instagram, but the influencers are still backing Brazil’s finest – Havaianas. The zestier the better, so choose lime, tangerine or lemon. Edible flowers for breakfast in Ibiza 🌼 @missomalondon #LucyWilliamsXMissomaA post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Jun 24, 2019 at 12:48am PDTPut down the cat’s eye and step away from the aviators. The only shades to be seen in right now are Gucci’s slimline ovals, spotted on Lucy Williams in a Sunny D shade of orange. Mercredi 🧚🏾‍♂️ #Oslo #GanniGirlsA post shared by  NNENNA (@nnennaechem) on Jul 17, 2019 at 5:40am PDTEveryone wants to be in the #gannigirls gang, and this summer, fans of the Danish brand have been posting pictures of highlighter-bright gingham in neon green. The seersucker shorts, which sit high on the waist and come with a sweet frill at the hem, get our vote. Staying golden in my favorite dress from @acacia 🌞A post shared by  Janice Tran (@janicethitran) on Dec 12, 2018 at 12:36pm PSTEver since Jacquemus made a straw hat the size of a beach umbrella, the style set has been obsessed with attention-seeking toppers. According to shopping app LIKEtoKNOW.it, the searches for wide-brim hats have increased by a whopping 4,500%. Aussie label Avenue’s comes with a supersized brim and a sweet under-the-chin ribbon. Sold. That’s for you GIRLSA post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on Jul 27, 2019 at 10:40am PDTClocking in at the more affordable end of the scale is Ghost’s blossom-sprayed slip dress in peachy satin. The designer Blanca Miro Scrimieri is a big fan; you will be too when you realise that its inch-and-a-half thick straps will easily cover your bra’s.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With the high street under threat and Instagram completely changing the way we all shop, it's difficult to know the direction in which retail is going to go. When it comes to the way we buy our clothes, too, it's necessary to consider the impact fast fashion has on the environment. For that reason, The Drop feels like an entirely new way to shop, as conceived by Amazon. The idea is that an influencer-designed collection will drop online and will be available for just 30 hours. If you buy something, it is made-to-order just for you, which will minimise waste. That's also why each collection will only be available for just over a day – there will be a finite amount of fabric available for each piece.Amazon has already collaborated with Patricia Bright, whose collection went live a few weeks ago. And today sees the launch of 14 pieces designed by Charlotte Groeneveld, otherwise known as @thefashionguitar. Dropping at 5pm today (August 6), the range is packed with summer-friendly separates and wear-everywhere (literally) prairie dresses.  FINALLY I can share with you that my capsule collection for @amazonthedrop will be worldwide available on Tuesday August 6th 🍦 Stay tuned for the exact launch time through the link in my bio - with this link you will direct you automatically to your local Amazon site! Make sure to download the app so you can order the pieces with just a few clicks! Photos by @_younknown_  photo assistance @photoby.choi  #thefashionguitarxthedrop #adA post shared by  Charlotte Groeneveld (@thefashionguitar) on Aug 4, 2019 at 3:04pm PDTNaturally, like any influencer worth her salt, Groeneveld has been showcasing all the pieces on Instagram. While she's modelled everything from fuchsia, wide-leg trousers to pretty, off-shoulder blouses, the aforementioned prairie dresses are undoubtedly Groeneveld's most-worn item of the past few weeks. I’ve been wearing the maxi dresses from my capsule collection for @amazonthedrop non-stop 🍦 Will you join me when they come out... Photo by @_younknow_ #ThefashionguitarxTheDrop #sponsoredA post shared by  Charlotte Groeneveld (@thefashionguitar) on Jul 30, 2019 at 12:00pm PDT'The collection is an extension of my wardrobe, but filling the gaps with pieces I felt were still missing,' said Groeneveld. 'It’s inspired by today’s street style rather than runway collections and brings together everything I love seeing on women around me, and reflects our forever summer mood.'You can shop Groeneveld's designs for just 30 hours, or less if fabric runs out before this time. So, you'll need to be quick. Available in over 100 countries and regions, Amazon is currently remaining very secretive about when the other installments of The Drop will land on site. You can, however, sign up to receive text alerts so you don't miss a thing.Is this a revolutionary new way to shop? Watch this space.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week begins on September 13 and will showcase 2020's spring/summer collections from the likes of Molly Goddard, Victoria Beckham, Roksanda, Erdem, Christopher Kane and Burberry. As well as a flurry of photographers and dressed-up guests, this season will see Extinction Rebellion in attendance, too.The organisation, which has staged several protests against climate change, has said that it will 'shut down' LFW in order to raise awareness of fashion's impact on our planet.Extinction Rebellion's fashion action group has demanded the event be cancelled altogether. Ramón Salgado-Touzón, one member of said group, told the Times: 'We are planning non-violent direct action civil disobedience. People taking part will be arrested. Let’s hope that they’re not going to be charged but if they are, everyone is prepared.'In April, London was disrupted by mass protests staged by Extinction Rebellion, during which over 1,000 people were arrested. The Metropolitan Police have said they will 'have an appropriate policing plan in place' to help manage the event.It's without doubt that fashion, as a whole, must work to negate its effect on the environment. While every retailer and brand must address this, it is fast fashion that is particularly harmful, due to the speed at which it is consumed – and in vast amounts. A recent report, for example, showed that people in the UK will buy 50 million outfits this summer that they will only wear once. Clearly, the time for change is now. And we must all be a part of it.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rihanna is at home in Barbados, celebrating Crop Over Festival with her family. And what does one wear to a family 'do? If the answer isn't pink feathers, then perhaps you need to be more RiRi. For arriving at the festival, the singer was resplendent in a pink mini dress adorned with huge feathers, glitter-encrusted heels from Midnight 00 and emerald green eyeshadow. Just pure joy.The dress is a custom-made creation from Amsterdam-based designer David Laport, who is known for his light, frothy designs that included pleated tulle co-ords, sequin turtlenecks and, of course, a whole lot of colourful feathers. He won the International Woolmark Prize for 2017/2018 and describes his style as 'light, feminine, classic but always with an edge'. He's also the latest in a long line of young designers championed by Rihanna, who often supports emerging talent, despite now having her own clothing line, Fenty. SHINE BRIGHT IN PINK 💗 💗 @badgalriri in Barbados wearing #madetomeasure #davidlaport #pink #feathers #dress #rihanna #fan #amazing #barbados #carnaval #badgirlririA post shared by  David Laport (@davidlaport) on Aug 5, 2019 at 1:58pm PDTThe pink feathers come in a week where Rihanna spectacularly chastised Trump's response to yet another deadly shooting in the US. Writing on Instagram, she said: 'Um... Donald, you spelt “terrorism” wrong! Your country had 2 terrorist attacks back to back, hours apart leaving almost 30 innocent people dead. This, just days after yet another terrorist attack in California, where a terrorist was able to LEGALLY purchase an assault rifle (AK-47) in Vegas, then drive hours to a food festival in Cali leaving 6 more people dead including a young infant baby boy!' Um... Donald, you spelt “terrorism”  wrong! Your country had 2 terrorist attacks back to back, hours apart leaving almost 30 innocent people dead. This, just days after yet another terrorist attack in California, where a terrorist was able to LEGALLY purchase an assault rifle (AK-47) in Vegas, then drive hours to a food festival in Cali leaving 6 more people dead including a young infant baby boy!  Imagine a world where it’s easier to get an AK-47 than a VISA!  Imagine a world where they build a wall to keep terrorists IN AMERICA!!! My prayers and deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of all the victims and the communities affected and traumatized, from Texas, California, and Ohio! I’m so sorry for your loss! Nobody deserves to die like this! NOBODY!A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Aug 4, 2019 at 10:27am PDTIn the grand scheme of things, Rihanna wearing a concoction of pink feathers to attend a festival is not breaking news. But in reality, she's a shot of pure, unadulterated joy to behold. And that's a very welcome thing indeed right now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Zara dress (as if you don't know which one we're talking about) has gone viral, or whatever the real life version of viral is. If you don't own it, you know someone who does. But the problem is, it's become a bit of a joke. If you wear it, people will notice. And not in a 'omg I love her dress' way.We're all trying to buy less and wear our clothes more, so instead of binning the dress and pretending that you never owned a piece of Fashion History, why not customise it so it's something completely different?Dye ItThe simplest possible way to make the Zara dress look less like The Zara Dress is to dye it. Instagrammers have been doing exactly that, with some pretty impressive results.We'd recommend going for a bright if you're keen to keep the summer vibe going, but if you've already got one eye on the winter then why not go for a grey or mid-blue which would work with ankle boots and a leather jacket. I’ve had a lot of messages and comments about my #thatzaradress and dyeing it. So here’s a pic up of the new colour and a pic of the before. ⠀ I dyed it with @dylon_uk machine dye in Olive. It worked a treat, but the stitching will stay white due to the fabric of the thread. ⠀ ⠀ I got the idea from the lovely Olivia from @clothesmyboyfriendhates who dyed hers pale pink. Mine was looking a bit tired and I’m a spiller so was always scared of dropping food down it 😆⠀ ⠀ I am tempted to buy another and keep it white - what is it about this dress? It has mystical powers, I’m sure of it! ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ @hot4thespot #hot4thespot #zaraspottydress #blackandwhitespots #zaradress #dressof2019 #dressofthemoment #zaraspotdressA post shared by  Claire | Designer & Blogger (@ayorkshiregirltravels) on Jul 23, 2019 at 8:07am PDT 𝖳𝗁𝖾 𝖹𝖺𝗋𝖺 𝖣𝗋𝖾𝗌𝗌 👗 ~ ~ Hello hope your all well? So I wanted to chat about the “Zara dress” I love this dress, it feels nice on, but it’s white with black spots. I don’t really wear much white, and certainly not white dresses. I feel it makes me look bigger than I am, and I’m also fairly pale, fake tan aside. But I still purchased the dress, I’ve worn it a couple of times. Of course the other issue is, everyone owns it too! I was watching stories the other day and came across @clothesmyboyfriendhates she was dying her dress pink! At first I was like no what is she doing, then it got me thinking why not dye mine! So I popped to @lovewilko They had blue, grey or black. I had considered black, but love the spots so didn’t really want to loose them. So I decided on grey, it’s a little darker than I expected but I love it. I think I’ll wear this dress a whole lot more more now, and as a darker colour makes me feel better in it too. Swipe across to see more pics ⇾ ~ ~ So I think the point is, if you don’t like something in your wardrobe, or it’s not quite right, have a think about how you can change it, to suit you more before throwing it away. You never know you could change your whole wardrobe 😊 ~ ~ Have a lovely Wednesday 😘 ~ ~ #housebeautiful #housetohome #bedroomdecor #bedroomstyling #mystyletoday #myinteriorsquares #myinteriorstyletoday #sustainablefashion #mycountryhome #makeahouseahome #wednesday #humpday #haveago #trysomethingnew #homeaccount #homedecor #homeinspo #hot4thespot #marketharborough #marketharboroughliving #lovemakesahouseahomeinteriors #thatzaradressA post shared by  𝓛𝓸𝓾𝓲𝓼𝓮 ❤︎ (@lovemakesahouseahomeinteriors) on Jul 9, 2019 at 10:18pm PDTCut ItAnother way to make your dress look less like the 150,00000 sold (not technically the number sold) is to cut it. Or rather, unless you're good at sewing, to pay someone else to cut it.Either you could remove the bottom panel of fabric and make it knee length, or you could take the sleeves off and make it into a high necked sleeveless dress which is super cute for the rest of the summer season. Let's face it, while the fashion industry is thinking about autumn, half of us haven't even had our holidays yet.Without sleeves it would be a similar shape to this very popular Topshop number.Shrink ItThis is a dicey option, so don't blame us if it goes wrong. But you could stick it on a hot wash and see what happens. Like a sort of laundry Russian Roulette. I’m so glad I have these lovely summer dresses for all the warm weather and sunshine we are having... said no one in Yorkshire 🙄🌧🤦🏼‍♀️A post shared by  K a t i e  |  C r o z (@katieecroz) on Jun 4, 2019 at 9:33am PDTStyle ItIf you don't want to cut or dye your dress, but you do want to wear it without ending up on one of the Instagram accounts dedicated to The Dress, then you're best off styling it differently. The most standard look on the streets seems to be to wear it with trainers or Converse and a leather or denim jacket.You could try belting it to change the silhouette, or try it with an oversized jumper (when it gets a bit colder). Doctor Spot here to cure your Dress Fever 👩🏻‍⚕️ @drpunamkrishanA post shared by  Hot 4 The Spot (@hot4thespot) on Jul 4, 2019 at 7:51am PDTWear It BackwardsThe dress has a little button at the back, so if you turn it around it does actually look quite different. Wearing the dress backwards won’t fool us. We still see you 👀 @katievsmithA post shared by  Hot 4 The Spot (@hot4thespot) on Jun 30, 2019 at 12:53am PDTPut It AwayRight now it's the it dress, but we're all pretty bad about getting rid of fast fashion, so in a few months lots of people will have ditched the dress, and you'll be safe to wear it in public without ending up on the Hot4TheSpot Instagram page.Stop CaringIt's a nice dress guys. It's okay that ever second woman in the UK owns it (not technically true).© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Canadian tuxedo might be up there with bucket hats, cycling shorts and tie-dye on your list of fashion must-don’ts, but you might soon feel differently about double denim. Pinko’s autumn/winter campaign, shot by whizz photography duo Mert Alas & Marcus Piggott, puts forward a very convincing case for going true blue on your top and bottom half.The image shows model Madison Headrick hanging out on the steel tower Lightship 93 - a naval recovery vessel, natch - wearing a buttoned-up denim jacket and stonewash jeans. Note how the look swerves Brittany Spears and Justin Timberlake in top-to-toe denim at the 2001 American Music Awards territory with polished accents. Instead of the cowboy hat (him) and bustier dress (her), stylist Vanessa Reid cinched the waist with two belt bags and chose a pair of satin stiletto pumps.Other campaign looks include a collar-popped metallic coat with spray-on vinyl trousers, a mirrored minidress styled with the new Mini Love handbag, and tin foil silver trousers worn with a chic obi belt. All would look killer this autumn, but the Canadian tuxedo somehow feels like the coolest. Get a jump on the trend with Pinko’s lightweight twill shirt tucked into its high-waisted, bustier-style jeans. Everyone will have copied you by September.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a new micro-trend in town that's so easy to emulate, you’re going to wonder why you haven’t done it before. You’ve probably seen summer's most popular dresses on your Instagram feed; frothy, usually floral and undeniably fancy. Names like Sleeper, Loveshackfancy and Faithful the Brand have infiltrated social feeds all over the world. But it's not just the dresses causing a stir – it's the fact that a lot of them come with their very own matching hair accessories.It’s a big year for the hair accessory, too. It was spotted in various guises on the SS19 catwalk, in the form of clips, bands and scrunchies. It was also recently announced that Gossip Girl is being rebooted, suggesting that sales of headbands are about to soar. For the most of-the-minute take on the hair accessory trend, however, you'll need to match it to your frock. @faithfullthebrand 🍇A post shared by  Monikh Dale (@monikh) on Jul 6, 2019 at 8:43am PDTBanish thoughts of your school scrunchie, 2019's matchy-matchy is achievable in many ways. From Sleeper sending its dresses with excess fabric that you can use as a hair bow to Zimmerman's floral bandanas and Gestuz's schrunchies, you can currently find a lot of dress and hair accessory combos in all your favourite shops. Raindrops on roses 🌹 #theadress #newarrivals #rose #loveA post shared by  Loveshackfancy 🎀 (@loveshackfancy) on Jul 23, 2019 at 5:12am PDTThere are also some excellent options on the high street, at ASOS, Mango and Kitri, meaning you don't need to spend a fortune. Not only does it look chic, hair accessories are the best – and easiest – way to conceal any hair emergencies, giving you more time to get on with the important things in life. Like, say, having a lie-in. Music to our ears...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s hot, you’re bothered and the last thing you feel like doing is schlepping around the shops. Luckily, between us - us being the fashion team at Grazia - we’ve got something approaching an encyclopedic knowledge of what’s worth buying right now. But instead of suggesting what you might like, we thought we keep it simple and show you the things we’ve either been wearing all summer or would love, budget-permitting, to add to our baskets.BUY: Three Graces London, Julienne Striped Cotton-Blend Midi Dress, £560“If you’re like me and get clammy at a mere two degrees rise in temperature, but you also favour a longer hemline, then look no further than the kaftan-meets-midi – the only thing (other than my desk fan) that gets me through the summer months. Look for neutral tones in airy fabrics to have this hot-weather staple working hard come beach or Bakerloo Line.”BUY: Arket, Lyocell Cotton Blouse, £59"An oversized, semi-smart blouse has been my go-to for the UK’s unpredictable weather. From heavy trousers to summery shorts and skirts, it has go-with-everything appeal. I balance out my proportions by always styling with a French tuck (Hi Tan!) Slip half your shirt into your waistband and leave the rest loose to let in a cooling breeze."BUY: Rixo, Eloise Dusky Blue Daisy Dream Blouse, £155"I’m a dresses person, forever and ever. When I saw Manoush’s tie-back summer top, however, I decided to make an exception. It is, without doubt, the sartorial equivalent of Berocca (fuchsia tassels! You can’t not smile) and is perfect for all the summer weather our UK climate has to throw at us. I’ve also recently bought another excellent top from Rixo, with puff sleeves (crucial) and surprisingly flattering shirring detail. I’ll go back to midis eventually. But not yet."BUY: Solillas, Leopard Hair-On Leather Ballerina Sandals, £50"These sandals have been on my feet day and night this summer. They’re my go-to for work and for evening drinks, not to mention a great holiday staple. They're so comfortable and durable, with a great tread on them. I can't believe I just said 'tread'. Plus, the leopard adds a bit of spice to any ensemble."BUY: Birkenstock x Il Dolce Far Niente, Arizona Fullex Satin Sandals, £310"Birkenstocks. With Batsheva dresses. With trackpants. With socks. For the plane. For the office. For everywhere, really."BUY: Anni Lu, Alaia Necklace, £120"I never did a gap year, but that hasn’t stopped me falling in love with the kind of jewellery that would suit a 21 year-old traveller to a tee. Anni Lu’s beaded choker, strung with a misshapen pearl, is the grown-up equivalent of your teenage holiday bracelet collection."© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The high street retailer New Look is inviting customers to “shop kinder” by launching a vegan product line with over 500 handbags, shoes and accessories. What’s more, the vegan range has been registered with The Vegan Society, making New Look the first high street shop ever to achieve this.The range is already available to buy. There’s something for everyone with chic lace-up boots, faux-suede ballerina pumps, leather-look backpacks and animal-free canvas shoes just to name a few – and even a few pieces by Rochelle Hume. This marks the brand's huge shift towards animal-free products, which started in 2014, when New Look was awarded a fashion award by PETA for its faux suede shoe-boots. Other high street retailers have been expanding their ranges of animal-free clothing and accessories. Earlier this year, Marks and Spencer released a range of vegan shoes.With customers often having noted in the past that vegan footwear, clothing and accessories were hard to come by at affordable prices, this must come as great news.Delicious Vegan versions of your favourite meals2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You may still be wondering when the next heatwave might arrive or packing for your summer holiday but when it comes to fashion, brands have turned their attention to next season. The shops notoriously start taking deliveries of new season stock as early as, well, now, and it can feel pretty bizarre to see coats and boots filling the shelves when it’s only August. Topshop, however, seems to have reached a suitable compromise with its new IDOL collection, given that it’s Pre-Fall and is, therefore, full of pieces you can wear now and well into the colder season, too.This is the third instalment of the IDOL range, which is Topshop’s slightly more premium collection created by design director Anthony Cuthbertson. There are nods to major new season trends – 80s influences, in particular – without anything feeling transient, something which is becoming more and more important as fashion attempts to reconcile itself with sustainability.In fact, the new IDOL pieces feel timeless in their own way, with mixed print midi skirts, denim jumpsuits and paisley dresses all the sorts of things you’ll still be wearing in years to come. There’s a smattering of fabrics like leather and lace, too, making the collection feel high-end, without a high price. Some dresses are less than £50, leather ankle boots are £89 and some blouses are even under £20. But this is not throwaway fashion – it may be affordable but you can mix everything easily with your existing wardrobe, playing with print clashes and a mix of textures. Come autumn, you can layer polo necks under the slip dresses and pair chunky, oversized jumpers with the midi skirts.You may be loathe to even think about buying outerwear right now, so this new offering feels like a good way to inject something new into your everyday outfits without prematurely embracing winter. Let’s hope there’s at least some more sunshine between now and then.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Marina Rinaldi was the great grandmother of Achille Maramotti, the founder and president of the Max Mara Group, one of Italy’s best-known, family-run, global fashion businesses. She was, by all accounts, an indomitable woman with an obsession for craftsmanship who ran a tailoring atelier in Reggio Emilia in the 1850s. Over two hundred years later, in 1980, the brand Marina Rinaldi was created in her name, to cater for women sized 12-28, with fashion-forward clothes for all occasions – a revolutionary idea at the time.‘She must have been an incredible matriarch; I loved hearing all the stories and discovering all about her,’ ponders Roksanda Ilinčić, the latest designer to collaborate with the Marina Rinaldi brand on its capsule project, a 20-piece collection that arrives in stores this week. Roksanda, Serbian-born and raised in Belgrade, is one of British fashion’s great success stories.BUY: Roksanda x Marina Rinaldi, Viscose Knit Top, £350BUY: Roksanda x Marina Rinaldi, Long Knit Skirt, £581She studied architecture and design at the University of Arts in Belgrade followed by an MA in womenswear at Central Saint Martins, graduating in 2001 – a golden era for fashion start-ups. Not all survived, but Roksanda, whose designs are super elegant, steeped in colour and always inspired by her latest art crush, has thrived; growing an international business, opening a David Adjaye-designed store on London’s Mount Street in 2014 and developing the kind of client wish-list usually associated with luxury megabrands. Everyone from the Duchess of Cambridge and Melania Trump to Michelle Obama and Cate Blanchett (‘I’m not allowed to have favourites, but…’) have worn her clothes on repeat.‘I wanted to give the Marina customer all the elements that I’m known for, and to offer them the opportunity to try something maybe a bit more daring, experimental and fun,’ she says of the flattering, cleverly colour-blocked pieces, priced between £247 (a form-fitting jumper) and £641 (a day dress), and up to £3,550 for a sweeping cashmere coat. It doesn’t come cheap, but these investment pieces, cut from the highest quality fabrics, speak to those who aspire to long-lasting style rather than seasonal fashion whim.BUY: Roksanda x Marina Rinaldi, Colour Block Dress, £1,182 Not only did Roksanda get her art fix on this project – she toured the Collezione Maramotti, said to be one of the finest family-owned art collections in the world, where she found inspiration in the works of artist Frank Stella – she also revelled in working with the plus-size specialist that goes up to a UK size 28.In the designer fashion world, fit-models are a standard size 8. ‘So my eye has become accustomed to those proportions, but working with a size 16 model was exciting, an incredibly positive experience, adapting proportions to create this sophisticated celebration of curves. I already do this for private clients,’ she points out. ‘But it’s something I’d love to introduce more of in my own business.’BUY: Roksanda x Marina Rinaldi, Marocain Dress, £1,425Marina Rinaldi’s managing director Lynne Webber says Roksanda’s collection addresses the greatest misconception about designing for bigger women – that they are interested in clothes, not fashion. ‘We’re here to show women that they’re free to wear whatever makes them feel good and gorgeous. No woman should be limited in their choice because of their size,’ she says.Indeed one of the reasons why Roksanda has been so successful is how many high-profile body shapes can wear her. ‘Customers tell me when they put on my dress, it’s not that they’re trying to be a stronger version of themselves, they’re just trying to say something to the world in the right way, with the right voice – not too loud, not too quiet. We communicate so much with our clothing and no matter how different my customers are or what function they have to go to – not just women on the red carpet or giving an important speech – but regular clients too, they say the same thing, that they feel secure, protected.’And thankfully, that feeling is now open to all women, no matter their shape or size. Were Marina Rinaldi alive today, she would surely approve.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just in case you'd forgotten, Serena Williams is a multi-talented powerhouse of a woman. Not only is she one of the world's leading athletes, she has also built an incredibly successful business that includes her own fashion brand, Serena. As part of that, Williams has just designed a dress that she claims will suit absolutely everybody.Williams posted a video on Instagram to promote her new Twist Front Dress, which she says is for everybody and every body. 'No one in the world looks exactly the same,' Williams says in the video. 'We all are different people, we all have different personalities, we have different traits. We all look different.'In the video, Williams is accompanied by six other women, all wearing the dress to prove that it works for every body shape and size. 'You have really taken something and made it work for different sizes,' says one of the women. 'It makes everyone feel that they're embraced.'The dress is $120, or around £98.53 and is currently sold out in all but two sizes. The fact that it's sold so quickly is perhaps indicative of a lack of clothing for women that actually does what they want it to. So often, it can be difficult to find pieces that fit properly, particularly if you're not simply the smallest size available. The same could also be said of the black-and-white, polka dot Zara dress that became so ubiquitous, it spawned an entire Instagram account dedicated to photographing women wearing it (which was not without controversy). As Bryony Gordon wrote for The Telegraph, 'The great thing about the Zara dress... is that everyone, no matter their shape or size, looks exactly the same in it: like a jolly, spotty tent... I hope we keep on seeing the spotty dress for many more months and years to come, because a woman dressing for herself is a look that should never go out of fashion.'Williams is an influencer in her own right, which is why she has a fashion brand in the first place. But I would argue that's not the reason why this particular dress has all but sold out – there are plenty of styles on her website that are still in stock, after all. But for women to see something worn by different body shapes, as they can in Williams' Instagram video, is a genuine novelty, given that most clothes are still modeled on tall, very slim women. Clearly, a lot of women don't feel catered to. And it's time more retailers took heed of the likes of Williams, who seem to truly understand what women actually want and need, without being exclusive.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...British Vogue's September issue is always a big deal. But it couldn't really get much bigger than recruiting Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, to be the guest editor alongside Edward Enninful. Rumours circulated earlier this year that the Duchess was working with Vogue in some capacity, and the cover of the magazine was revealed last night on Instagram, as Edward Enninful said: 'For the past few months, the Duchess and I have been working together on this shared passion project: to dedicate British Vogue’s biggest issue of the year to all the remarkable women who are redefining our world for the better. We have called it – and them – our #ForcesForChange. The story begins with this cover, starring 15 changemakers, all titans in their respective fields, who have been personally selected by the Duchess and myself for the powerful and positive differences they are making in our world. The 16th slot will appear as a mirror on the printed cover, and was included at the special request of the Duchess to show that you – that all of us, in fact – are part of this moment too.'Included in the cast of women is Adwoa Aboah, model and mental health campaigner, Jacinda Ardern, prime minister of New Zealand, Laverne Cox, actor, activist and also the first trans woman to ever appear on the cover of Vogue and Jane Fonda, actor and campaigner. In a statement released on her official Instagram page, the Duchess said 'Guest Editing the September issue of British Vogue has been rewarding, educational and inspiring. To deep dive into this process, working quietly behind the scenes for so many months, I am happy to now be able to share what we have created. A huge thanks to all of the friends who supported me in this endeavour, lending their time and energy to help within these pages and on the cover. Thank you for saying “Yes!” - and to Edward, thank you for this wonderful opportunity.'The images were shot by legendary fashion photographer Peter Lindbergh, and all remain unretouched. But just who are the women and what do they stand for? Here's a comprehensive guide to Vogue's Forces For Change...While launching her acting career in the US as she landed a role in The Good Place, Jamil also embarked on her campaign, I Weigh, promoting body positivity. She has spoken out against facing racial prejudice, has taken on celebrities promoting detox teas and is firmly against retouching photographs. 'My digital campaign against diet culture, I Weigh, has changed me, too – I smugly thought I would help all these people to recognise their worth, and they've ended up helping me,' she said to Vogue. After experiencing her own struggles with mental health, supermodel Adwoa Aboah launched Gurls Talk, an online platform on which 'anyone and everyone can share their experiences in a safe, judgement-free space.' Speaking to Vogue, Aboah said 'Being an advocate has transformed my life. It's so cheesy to say, but I really feel like this is what I was meant to do.'Jane Fonda has been a political activist since the 1960s, when she voiced her opposition to the Vietnam War and her support for the Civil Rights Movement in America. She continues to campaign for many different issues and has established a number of charitable organisations. Speaking to Vogue, she said 'Actors are like repeaters: we pick up signals from voices that have a hard time being heard and amplify them.'Since catapulting to fame in Orange Is The New Black, Laverne Cox has used her platform to campaign for a number of issues around LGTBQ+ rights, particularly those relating to the trans community. The September issue of Vogue marks the very first cover featuring a trans woman, and Cox continues to fight for trans rights. Posting a picture of the cover to her Instagram page, Cox said: 'I am completely overwhelmed and overjoyed to share this cover. Being on the cover of Vogue magazine has been a dream of mine since I was a child. To get to share this cover with this group of women who inspire me, who are truly forces for change is deeply humbling.'Gemma Chan is having a momentous couple of years. From her role in Crazy Rich Asians to her first Met Gala appearance, she has also been an outspoken campaigner for greater diversity within Hollywood, as well as the Time's Up movement. 'I would like to see a real increase in the diversity of people who are in a position to make decisions in the industry,' she said to Vogue. Not only is Akech a campaigner for racial equality within the fashion industry, in which she works as a model, she has also used her own experiences as a refugee to fight for others. Born in war-torn South Sudan, she spent her first few years in a refugee camp in Kenya with her family before emigrating to Australia. 'I want to help people to understand that refugees are normal people, just like everybody else,' she said to Vogue. Ali moved to England from Somalia as a refugee. She started boxing as a teenager and is now a national champion. While she identifies as both British and Somalian, she is the first person to represent Somalia at a major boxing event (the World Championships) and one of the first Muslim women to do enter a professional boxing ring. She also teaches self-defence to a group of Muslim women in South London. 'Boxing has always been perceived as a male-dominated sport. All the senior heads of federations are men. I would love to see more female heads. That is how there will be more positive changes for women,' she said to Vogue. Jacinda Ardern is the world's youngest female head of government and is also only the second elected head of government in the world to give birth while in office. She is passionate about tackling child poverty, she has spoken out against China in support of the Uyghur Muslim community who are subject to human rights abuses and her government introduced stricter gun laws in the wake of the Christchurch shooting. To Vogue, she said: 'I'm proud we're now a nation where girls don't consider politics or political leadership extraordinary.'At 16 years old, Burke started blogging to highlight how exclusive fashion was, after she couldn't find clothes to fit her properly. She has since developed a huge following, launched her own podcast and is renowned for her TED Talk on why fashion design should be more inclusive. 'We need to constantly be asking what voices are not in the world, which perspectives are not being considered, and make sure that change occurs with as much intersectionality as possible,' she said to Vogue. Salma Hayek Pinault became one of the key voices speaking out against Harvey Weinstein when she wrote a piece for the New York Times entitled 'Harvey Weinstein Is My Monster Too'. In it, she describes years of harassment and accuses Weinstein of threatening to kill her. She is a powerful advocate for women, dedicating much of her charitable work to support anti-domestic violence charities. She said to Vogue: 'Twenty-five years ago, I started to become an activist for woman's rights. Nobody wanted to talk about it. One time I heard: "That's not a sexy cause." It was a huge struggle. Now, everybody's an activist.'Hayward was born in Nairobi but moved to England when she was two, to live with her grandparents. She was admitted into the Royal Ballet School at 11 and is now a principal dancer at the company. She also stars in the upcoming film, Cats, for which Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote a new song just for her character. 'I'm very proud of the colour of my skin and that I'm inspiring people from all backgrounds, but I think it will be great for the next mixed-race or black female Principal dancer that she doesn't have to be asked about that,' Hayward said to Vogue. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is a Nigerian writer who has produced several novels, essays and non-fiction works. She has also given TED Talks on subjects including the under-representation of different cultures and feminism, the latter entitled We Should All Be Feminists. Speaking to Vogue, she said 'I long for more stories of women who are strong without being superheroes, who do not need to be extraordinary to be admirable.'At just 19, Shahidi has built a successful acting career and established herself as a political activist. She founded Eighteen x 18, a platform to encourage young people to vote and she has also partnered with Young Women's Leadership Network of New York, which provides online mentorship to hep combat poverty through education. 'Even if you aren't necessarily academic, the way that we learn to engage with one another in school has everything to do with who we choose to relate to and who we care about,' she told Vogue. At 15, Greta Thunberg started protesting outside the Swedish parliament about the urgent need to tackle climate change. She refused to go to school in order to raise awareness of the issue and has since become a climate change activist recognised all over the world. She was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize by three members of the Norwegian parliament and she has graced the cover of Time magazine. To Vogue, Thunberg said: 'I'm here to change the way we look at the climate and ecological crisis, so that together we can put pressure on people in power to change things.'She may be a world famous supermodel but Christy Turlington Burns is also a passionate humanitarian. She began working with the international humanitarian organization CARE in 2005 and has since become their advocate for maternal health. She also launched Every Mother Counts, a charity dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for women all over the world. 'When you're working in the global health sector, oftentimes the hope when you start something is that you'll be out of business at some point and there won't be a need. But I know that the issue I'm working on – it's not a done deal,' she said. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Emma Hill and Georgia Fendley are the duo behind hit accessories label Hill & Friends, which was the talk of the fashion crowd when it launched in 2015, largely because the pair were credited with revitalising Mulberry. Hill, for example, was behind what was arguably the It bag of the noughties, the Alexa– named after the It girl of the noughties, of course, Alexa Chung – and so the promise of a new line designed and run by these two women was very exciting indeed. Now, Hill & Friends has brought its magic to the high street, producing Label/Mix's first ever accessory collection. The result is a mix of glossy camera bags, mini totes and suede clutch bags, all as lovely as Hill & Friends' mainline. The four styles of bags are available in leopard print, classic black, red or green and the prices start at just £65. While it seems too good to be true, it is just the joy of Label/Mix, which offers pieces from collaborations with designers at high street prices. The likes of Rejina Pyo, Edeline Lee and L.F.Markey have all produced capsule collections for the brand but Hill & Friends is the first foray into accessories.Judging by this debut, let's hope it's not the last. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This guide has taken me to 34 weeks pregnant, no problem. However, now we’re in a heatwave, all bets are off, so if the highlight of your day is now the moment when you get home just so you can take your pants off and spend the rest of the evening lying in front of a fan wearing only a sports bra, then you do you. For other, non-heatwave times, this is everything I’ve learned about getting dressed over the last eight months.I was eight weeks pregnant the first time I had to undo the waistband of some fairly smart black trousers just to sit down on the sofa. By the time I was 14 weeks pregnant, only one pair of my jeans fit with the aid of an elastic hair bobble and the thought of anything tight around my middle made me want to rip off my own skin. So, scope out maternity jeans, leggings, dungarees or jumpsuits with a generous waist. Chances are, your tops and dresses will see you through quite a lot of your pregnancy, but accept that your favorite jeans might well be getting zipped up into that big white zippy IKEA clothes storage thing on the top of your wardrobe for the time being.A wise (short) pregnant woman once told me that skinny jeans were the only thing she could wear when pregnant, because they balanced out how big her normally tiny top half had become with a bump. But I decided to ignore that sage piece of advice and buy some cropped kick flared maternity jeans from Toppers, and reader I couldn’t have been happier. They look fine with trainers and flat sandals, and fashion-y enough that can put low heels and a nice top on with them for something dressier, without feeling like a pregnant Atomic Kitten on a night out circa 2002. Admittedly they’re getting a bit tight now – I tried to practice birthing positions in them in my NCT class and nearly passed out , so a pair of skinnies might have had a bit more stretch at this crucial juncture.But my point is, don’t eschew a slightly more fashion-forward jean shape just because you feel like this is the time to be practical. If they fit well and are flattering (take an honest mate along to check) then go for it. You’ll probably wear these jeans more then anything else in the next nine months you might as well like them.I’ve been lucky insofar as I already had quite a dangerous & Other Stories habit before I fell pregnant, and most of the generously cut, long-sleeved floral dresses I bought last year still fit me now. Admittedly I look quite a lot like Margot from The Good Life (look it up, kids), but when your belly button looks like the result of a terrible science experiment, you don’t really care.All those oversized kaftans, floating 70s style tops and chic beach coverups you thought would make you look like a Chloe girl? They were wasted on that girls’ trip to Mykonos, mate. Not only are they now acceptable in the city, they’re acceptable in the office (ok, my office is Grazia, but still). Chuck 'em on with your maternity jeans and a pair of Birkenstocks (you’ll really care about shoes you don’t have to lace up once you’re past 30 weeks) and you’re good to go. Actually, when it comes to tops, anything you’ve got that’s relatively long on your torso (i.e. below your hips) should see you through most of the pregnancy. I just switched out a couple of my medium-sized Uniqlo jumpers for a couple of sizes up and they’re still not straining too much.There’s nothing quite like the panic you feel when you wake up in the night at 16 weeks pregnant and have to rip your pyjama bottoms off because you can’t breathe. ASOS do some nice, inexpensive maternity pajama sets that I’ll definitely keep wearing afterwards.I hadn’t actually been to Topshop for about three years before becoming pregnant, but it’s one of the only places where I’ve bought IRL pregnancy clothes - including a midi-length leopard print maternity pencil skirt that sounds wildly impractical but has become one of the most-worn items in my wardrobe this summer. It also has some big markdowns in maternity clothes in the sale, including a couple of £8 blouses I bought on a whim and have worn loads. Just filter by maternity, sort by price, and browse away, safe in the knowledge that nothing you’re looking at will accidentally cut the blood off to your calves.Lots of people told me that when they were pregnant they only bought the cheapest possible clothes, as they’d only be using them for a few months. I can understand the temptation but actually, there’s something to be said for spending a bit of money on something you love at the start of your pregnancy that you know you’ll be able to wear throughout (and after). For my birthday, i asked my friends to club together and buy me a chunky knitted cardigan from Maje that I’d been eyeing up for six months, and had finally made it into the sale.I hadn’t told anyone I was pregnant at that point, so had to convince them that the brand definitely came up small so they’d get me a size up. I’ve worn said cardigan as a coat, used it as a blanket to snooze under on the train during a badly timed bout of commuter morning sickness; it’s been on planes and long car journeys with me and it’s the only thing I can chuck on over my dungarees, a big dress, jeans, or a jumpsuit and make all of them instantly look better. It’s also insanely comfortable, even when I’m feeling at my most out of sorts and irritable. Equally, people frequently comment on how much they like it, which is exactly when you want to hear when your boobs are leaking and your ankles are twice the size of your thighs.I’ve been wearing a lot of pie-crust collar blouses with my dungarees recently, which makes me look like an insane, nightmarish kids TV presenter from the 1980s. However, the whole look makes me feel really jolly (an adjective I only use to describe myself now i’m roughly the same shape and size as Santa) and other people keep being really nice about it. What i’m saying is, if you’ve got a secret alter-ego you’ve always fancied exploring with what can only be described as quite half-hearted cosplay, now’s your time.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Damian Hurley's hair threatened to overshadow the UK's political events this week. Well, perhaps only in my own brain, which says quite a lot about me. But he has a mane. I don't mean in the slightly gross, synonymic sense of the word, used freely by the tabloids, but in the actual sense of the word. It's captivating. The image in question is part of Pat McGrath's new campaign for her new foundation, Sublime Perfection, and it marks Hurley's modelling debut. To attend the launch of the new range, he showed up wearing a suit in homage to his mother's famous Versace safety pin dress. He's just giving the people what they want!Hurley's black suit was very plain, save for the gold, oversized safety pins decorating one side of his jacket, referencing the dress Liz Hurley wore to the premiere of Four Weddings and a Funeral in 1994.Earlier in the year, she told Harper's Bazaar that the whole thing was a bit of an accident. 'I urgently needed to find a dress to wear for Hugh [Grant]’s premiere, and in those days I had no idea about fashion. I remember going to an office where they literally fished a dress out of a white plastic bag. I took it home and did my own hair and makeup, fighting Hugh for the mirror, which wasn’t even full-length, in our tiny one-bedroom flat. It was all very unglamorous compared to how things get done these days.'At the time, Elizabeth Hurley was not a household name. But the Versace dress, she says, changed everything – within a year, she was the new face of Esteé Lauder. Will Versace do for Damian what it did for his mother? If it doesn't, then his hair just might.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Search for ‘fashion sustainability’ and it makes for grim reading. Second to oil, the fashion and textiles industry is the largest polluter in the world, according to the United Nations Environment Programme. Every stage in a garment’s life threatens the planet’s natural resources, from crop and fibre production, dyeing and finishing processes to manufacturing and distribution. If you were to buy a single T-shirt and a pair of jeans, it would take more than 20,000 litres of water to produce the 1kg of cotton required to make them. Add to that the impact of toxic chemicals found in pesticides, bleach and dyes. Consider the carbon footprint clocked up in the supply chain as the raw fibre is transported to be made into fabric, then shipped to the factory to be made into clothes, then distributed to stores all over the world. Think of the energy these vast stores consume, the mannequins and materials on which they’re displayed. And what if said T-shirt and jeans don’t sell, or if they do but get damaged, don’t fit any more or fall out of style? Last year, the UK sent 235 million items of clothing to landfill.BUY: Zara, Jeans ZW Premium Wide-Leg, £49.99The good news is that sustainability has become part of the corporate agenda, even now being set out by retail monoliths like Zara. Earlier this month, Grazia was invited to the Spanish retailer’s headquarters in Arteixo, just outside A Coruña on the northwestern tip of Spain, to see the full scale of its green commitments and environmental goals. A briefing with the company’s top brass in the hi-tech campus revealed that Zara’s 2,232 stores will meet the company’s eco-efficient standard by the end of this year. By 2020, Zara’s factories will aim to produce zero discharge of hazardous chemicals for all products at every stage of the supply chain, while all collections will use sustainable cotton, linen and recycled polyester by 2025. The company is also committed to producing zero landfill waste from its logistic centres and headquarters by 2023 and those same Zara facilities are driving towards using 80 per cent clean energy before 2025.BUY: Zara, Jacket 80s Arizona Blue, £49.99‘We want to be a force for change, not just in the company but the whole sector,’ said Pablo Isla, executive chairman of Zara’s owner Inditex, the largest clothes producer in the world – and also the cleanest, according to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, which in 2018 named the company most sustainable retailer for the third year in a row. ‘We really don’t identify ourselves as fast fashion,’ he added. ‘It’s not about being fast, it is being flexible. Giving the customer what they want but at the same time the care we take over each garment is unique. We believe in “less is more” and “quality over quantity”.’A commitment to cutting waste is part of the Zara ethos: a stringently controlled and agile supply chain with manufacturing in close proximity, in Spain, Portugal, Turkey and Morocco, means that lead times are shortened and it need commit to only a small percentage of production at a time, minimising waste of money, resources and stock. It also means that Zara can swiftly respond to customer feedback and replenish stores weekly with the right trend dropping at the right time. Zara has also developed hi-tech radio frequency tags that track the life of every garment until the moment it is sold – and claims it never disposes of a garment.BUY: Zara, Gathered Shirt, £25.99Still, this is a fast fashion behemoth, producing over 450 million items a year. When asked about the negative attitude in the media about the impact of fast fashionor whether the company had come under pressure from government policy makers, Isla said: ‘We are a global company and we are involved in the concerns of public opinion about sustainability worldwide. But we are not driven by political policies. This is our own approach, and everything connected with sustainability is a work in progress.’BUY: Zara, Shirt With Pockets, £25.99In 2015, Zara also created the ‘Join Life’ collection, a label indicating products made from the most sustainable raw materials – organic cotton, Tencel™ Lyocell and recycled polyester, which will account for 20 per ent of Zara’s collections by the end of this year – a figure expected to rise over the next five years. On top of this, Zara has already eliminated single-use plastic bags; its bags are 100 per cent recycled as are its cardboard online boxes.Our tour of Zara HQ begins with the online floor, where a giant screen shows that 60,259 people are currently browsing zara.com. The constantly whirring figures are broken down by country – by far the most engaged is Spain with 11,150, versus 3,288 currently connected in the UK. Still, it is only 10am. Another screen shows what they are looking for. Not surprisingly in July, dresses outnumber everything else.BUY: Zara, Satin Cargo Trousers, £29.99Last year, Zara’s online business generated €3.2 billion in sales from 46 different markets, we are told, before we move onto the photographic studios. There are 31 studios, six of which we see in operation with top models variously posing in new designs. They shoot 15 to 20 looks a day; that’s about 500 new designs a week, 20,000 a year. Today is Thursday and these shots – the images of which are tightly controlled by an in-house roster of 20 photographers – will be up online by Monday.Next stop, the design studios. ‘We are always under-buying, because customers like limited runs of things,’ explains Marta Ortega, daughter of multi-billioniare Zara founder, Amancio Ortega, the second richest man in Europe. Marta has no official title but is part of the senior executive staff of Zara Woman and supervises brand product and image. She wears an elegant beige trouser suit that looks expensive. ‘It’s Zara! Not out yet!’ She explains how daily feedback from stores and constant sales analytics from online control what is made when; there’s no point finishing winter coat designs until the customer needs said winter coat which, with this year’s warm weather, is predicted to be early October. It can take as little as 15 days from design and production to reach store shelves. BUY: Zara, Skirt With Frills, £25.99Designers work on prototypes on tiny mannequins in order to use less fabric. ‘Our girl for this capsule collection is a bit edgy and irreverent,’ says a young man with an American accent as his Asian colleague drapes a miniscule toga – Zara is proud of its designer recruitment, which selects graduates from all the best colleges around the world. We whizz through the sewing floor and the whir of machines and past the almost silent cutting rooms where 37 pattern cutters are careful to create one sleeve or a single collar, not two, and constantly re-use patterns.Part of the brand’s success is its of-the-moment design (watch out for the big ’80s trend – all punchy brights, big shoulders and voluminous sleeves, heading to a Zara any moment now) but every item needs to pass the hanger test. This is done in full-sized shop floors – Zara ‘mock shops’, of which there are six (for Woman, Man, Basic, two for kids and one for Zara Home) that are redressed twice a week – the better to see how the customer will experience everything in-store.BUY: Zara, Basic Wide-Neck T-shirt, £9.99So, who is the Zara customer? ‘All ages. Because everyone goes to Zara. Why? Because any trend we want to have, Zara will have it first,’ says Beatriz Padin, head of Zara Woman. We move on to a vast showroom where Vicente Lillo, Zara’s head of store window design, explains how each window and in-store display uses 40 per cent recycled materials. ‘Like this, the floor is made from old gardening furniture. Almost everything is re-used,’ he says. That goes for the extra-long-legged Zara mannequins. New in-store displays are turned around every three to four months and all clothing hangers are recycled.An elevator takes us down to the factory floor where Marta greets Pilar (‘Pili’) Vásquez, the factory director for over 40 years, like an old family friend. She demonstrates how her state-of-the-art computer ‘reads’ the fabric and instructs where all the pattern parts should be placed in order to eliminate as much wasted fabric as possible. A wall of red sequinned jackets (not the greenest of items to be seen on our sustainability tour) hang from a ceiling conveyor belt about to be transported to the distribution centre. There are three Zara logistic centres, this one in Arteixo distributes 3.5 million garments every week. At least the cardboard shipping boxes look suitably bashed-up and re-used as they fly around our heads on a roller coaster of chutes and slides, destined for distribution to 96 countries.By 2020, Zara will have invested $3.5m in textile recycling technology through its initiative with the Global Fashion Fund and $4m with MIT in a joint pursuit of sustainable research, along with other ongoing initiatives. You could argue that these figures are a drop in the ocean for Zara’s owner Inditex, which hit sales of €26.1 billion for the year ending 31 January. But every little bit that this retail empire does, from auditing its 12,000 suppliers and through every stage of production and distribution, is a lot better than doing nothing at all. You could also argue that Zara’s biggest task is to educate its customers. Next year, you will be able to drop off any unwanted garments – Zara or not – in containers in any of its stores in the world. Zara is working with an array of NGOs like Oxfam, The Red Cross, Caritas and The Salvation Army for re-sale and recycling. Of course, it makes savvy business sense for Zara to align itself with positive eco values and broadcast its green agenda in a world that is becoming increasingly woke to fashion’s sustainability crisis.So what does this all mean for us? It’s time to think more sustainably about our own wardrobes. To ask questions about how and where our clothes were made. And to buy fashion that will make us feel good for more than a month.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen managed an elusive career move that few pull of with the same level of success as they. They went from child stars (obviously responsible for some of TV's best work) to fashion designers with their own brand (well, two, to be exact). It's not just any old brand, either, but The Row, which stirs a level of excitement in fashion editors that is no mean feat. Now, The Row has teamed up with Net-a-Porter to deliver a capsule collection of summer workwear that is, quite frankly, all we should be wearing in these soaring temperatures.There are six pieces, all in the most delicious cornflower blue, and including some of The Row's existing bestsellers - the silk Sante dress, for example. Elizabeth von der Goltz, Net-a-Porter's global buying director, told Vogue: ''We wanted to address the working woman’s needs during the summer season, when temperatures are high, but you still need to look pulled together for work. The Row rarely partners on exclusive capsules and collaborations, so it feels really special that we were able to create such a beautiful collection that’s solely available to our customers.'And it's not just fashion editors who are clamouring to get their hands on The Row's own take on chic minimalism. Vogue reports that Net-a-Porter has increased its selection of The Row pieces by 40 per cent this year to keep up with customer demand. 'The customers predominantly love the design, from the minimal aesthetic to the clean-cut pieces and high-quality fabrics,' von der Goltz said. 'Not forgetting the beautifully skilled tailoring and craftsmanship behind each piece, which creates an incredible fit.'Prices in the new collection range from £625 to £2,880, which seems to put my dreams of chic heatwave dressing slightly out of reach. Thankfully, there's a wealth of excellent, breezy pieces fit for even 38 degrees at a slightly more realistic price (particularly when you consider the fact that it will probably be raining tomorrow).© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it's comes to planning a heatwave wardrobe, my imagination tends to conjure up images of gloriously chic, wafty dresses, effortlessly polished tan sandals and minimal make-up. When the high temperatures hit, however, I am reduced to something entirely less chic, as I end up wearing my holiday cast-offs and slip-on shoes that fall off and give me blisters as I struggle to work. This is why I was casually perusing & Other Stories earlier, willing every linen kaftan into my wardrobe (and more money into my bank account). The latter is possibly what compelled me to switch to the sale section of the site, only to find what can only be described as a treasure trove of easy, breezy dresses that could possibly even withstand 38 degrees.Slips with shoulder ties, cheerful striped wraps, gingham linen midis and light, oversized smocks are all ready and waiting to change my heatwave life. Of course, a dress should be for life not just for hot weather (particularly as reports on fast fashion and its impact on the environment are impossible to ignore), so I'll be wearing my summer frock in the winter, too - layered under cosy knits and teamed with boots.Perhaps I could still be that chic woman who's unruffled by the heat. All thanks to & Other Stories.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Stella McCartney is bringing environmental activism to the forefront of fashion with her latest campaign for autumn winter 2019. The designer, who is a committed environmentalist herself, cast extinction rebellion activists Deya Ward, Ruby Munslow and Tori Tsui to model her latest line, in a bid to continue the conversation following the protests that took place in London earlier this year. Shot by photographer Johnny Dufort and also starring the designer's environmentalist friend Amber Valletta and models Chu Wong and Emma Laird, the team captured the beautiful images amongst places that are under threat from climate change - including the Welsh coast.The campaign, which urges fashion followers to protect the planet, will be followed by a short film out in September. Starring chimpanzee expert Jane Goodall reading a poem by American novelist Jonathan Safran Foer, it will carry on the eco message by urging fashion consumers to look at their individual responsibility for the planet. Slogans from Foer's upcoming book have been emblazoned onto pieces from both upcoming menswear and womenswear collections too.McCartney has always been a staunch environmentalist and has previously expressed her dismay at fashion companies using the issue for their financial gain. Speaking last year, she said, “90 per cent of the environmental issues that are mentioned in the fashion industry are based around marketing. They’re not heartfelt. They’re not really genuine.”For McCartney, it's a different story.  After making her Stan Smith trainers sustainable, she explained, “We pushed to get it vegan and they let me. And we did it. I’m so proud. That is the future.” She claims sustainability is her starting point and claimed,  "If I’m doing it, anyone can”.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s nothing quite so deflating, and guilt-inducing, as writing off a brand new pair of trainers on their very first outing. But with a few preventative measures, those bin-bound, mud-painted sneakers could easily have lived to see another festival/bbq/holiday season. Easily. Wearing sunglasses indoors because I’ve just realised that this old pair is almost the exact same shade as my walls 😎💅🏼 ••• *Baukjen 100% viscose dress, 9 months old, worn around 15 times. Whilst viscose is usually not good, this brand sources it sustainably 👍🏼 *adidas Originals leather trainers, new, gifted from the wonderful Pam Pam before my gifting ban but only just arrived. They were packaged entirely in cardboard and tissue - no plastic 👌🏼A post shared by  Hannah Rochell | En Brogue (@enbrogue) on Jun 3, 2019 at 11:56pm PDTHannah Rochell, fashion journalist and founder of enbrogue.com, is something of an oracle when it comes to keeping your trainers looking box-fresh for as long as possible. The first step is spray-protecting anything suede. ‘I do this religiously as it’s so easy to wreck a pair of trainers in the rain if you haven’t,’ says Hannah, adding, ‘The creme de la creme is Liquiproof. You need a whole bottle for one pair of shoes, but liquid literally runs straight off once you’ve used it.’ She also swears by suede brushes to remove spots and keep the texture of your suede looking fluffy after it’s got wet. Mud, incidentally, should be left to dry and then brushed off with a coarse brush.What about washing machines? Great idea - chuck ‘em in! - or the worst thing to happen to trainers since dog poo on pavements? Hannah says it’s a mixture of the two. ‘I’ve always washed canvas trainers in the machine and they come up a treat, but you do need to be careful. Place the trainers in a pillowcase - this will protect the drum of your machine - and don’t dry them on a radiator because the heat might shrink the canvas.’ As for how many washes they can survive, Hannah says you need to be sparing. ‘Don’t wash them too often. Eventually it will start to degrade the glue that holds them together. It’s best as a last resort now and then!’ Today: chunky trainers in anticipation of ☔️ ••• Air Force 1 trainers, Nike [gift] Socks, Oybo [gift] Cord dungarees, Kate Sheridan [bought from Ruskin in Margate] ••• #nike #nikeairforce1 #nikeaf1 #trainers #sneakers #kicksA post shared by  Hannah Rochell | En Brogue (@enbrogue) on Mar 5, 2019 at 6:07am PSTIf you’ve sworn off white trainers since your last Stan Smith debacle, Hannah has good news. ‘I love Crep Protect’s Cure Kit. I’ve used it on white leather shoes and chunky white soles as well as trainers. It’s amazing at getting them gleaming again - and also smells lush.’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With International Friendship Day on the horizon, (30 July, people) we thought it was high time we curated a list of the best gifts for friends, whether it’s for a birthday, a celebration or simply a gift to say how brilliant they are. From appreciation wheels, to Ashley Williams hair clips, to chocolate hampers: you’ll find a gift for every type of friend. And if you can’t think of anyone who is suitably deserving of a treat, then we will gladly accept any/all of the below…Show them the appreciation they truly deserve by handing them this wheel, then watch as they spin to reveal 6 hidden messages of your choice. Not only is it affordable, but this gift is made of eco-friendly card. Now we just have to think of those messages…Gifts For Friends2of28Show them the appreciation they truly deserve by handing them this wheel, then watch as they spin to reveal 6 hidden messages of your choice. Not only is it affordable, but this gift is made of eco-friendly card. Now we just have to think of those messages…We are huge fans of Matilda Goad's interiors, so were very excited to hear about this new collaboration with chic personalised stationary brand, Papier. The hardest bit was choosing which design to pick. The colours! The scalloped edges! We'll take one of each please. Is there someone you genuinely wished lived next door? Tell them straight by presenting them with this cool retro mug. We will certainly be gifting our best friend with one in the hope they see sense and move next door into number 5. And an added bonus is that this small business gives a percentage of every sale to charity. Encourage your feminist mate to say it loud and proud with this perfect 100% organic cotton t-shirt by campaigner, writer and artist, Florence Given. Her brilliantly pithy t-shirts come in an impressive range of sizes from XXS-XXL and prove you don't have to be po-faced to make your point.Vodka that is filtered 7 times, and of that, 3 times through crystals; and presented in a re-usable glass skull, can't go far wrong in our eyes. And wrong it does not go. This deliciously smooth spirit cannot fail to impress even the fussiest vodka fan. And with no additives, you are helping avoid a nasty hangover. Just be careful how much you consume in one sitting – it's rather moreish to say the least.Help your friend restore their inner harmony by scent layering this gorgeous trio from cult Swedish brand, Byredo. This perfect unisex scent promises to whisk them away to the Nepali highlands and beyond, from the first spritz. Award your hard working friend with the tea break they deserve with this eye-catching box from Selfridges. Containing two tins of melt-in-the-mouth shortbread and two types of premium teabags, you just need to make sure you are there to enjoy it with them. Get that kettle at the ready. This perfectly designed yellow book is billed as traditional journal meets DIY therapist - and it doesn't disappoint. This way you can help your friend get super organised and improve their mental health daily. It's the perfect package. Packed full of delicious pink champagne themed chocolate, housed in the prettiest boxes you can imagine, this is the ultimate gift for any chocolate lover. Now just to resist a little nibble before you hand it over… although there's so much to choose from, they probably wouldn't notice, right?!…Is your friend so indecisive it drives them (and you) crazy? If so then it's time to step in and get some decisions made with this fun Mystic 8 Ball. Simply ask a question, give the ball a vigorous shake and it'll answer in all its wisdom. Ok, it does only answer direct yes/no questions, but we've got to start somewhere... Make a statement with these cult clips by designer Ashley Williams. Treat your friend to the original (and best) clips that spawned a thousand imitations. Who run the world? Girls. This bible of groundbreaking photography curated from key fashion magazines over the last century is perfect for your fashion-obsessed friend. From Kate Moss' iconic Summer of Love as imagined by Corrine Day in the Face, to chic illustrative covers from a 1925 issue of Harper's Bazaar, this is the ultimate collection that any self-respecting fashion magazine fan needs in their life. Treat your friend to the ultimate in luxe scent layering from Maison Francis Kurkdjian with the unisex fragrance accompaniments to Baccarat Rouge 540. This iconic scent was originally created in honour of renowned crystal house, Baccarat's, 250th anniversary and is a beauty director favourite. Cool arty presents are sometimes hard to get right. But you can't go wrong with this selection of wearable art. Pop artist Roy Lichtens_toe_ and pattern-fanatic Yayoi _Toe_sama join colour-crazy Feet Mondrian and surrealist Sole-Adore Dali in this box of colourful socks. Surprise your pet-mad mate with a canvas of their cat/dog/rabbit/hedgehog/snake (yes really, check their Instagram to see that one) fully decked out in the uniform they deserve. We know we will be. Treat your house-proud friend to the chicest room scents from the experts in home fragrance, Diptique. Whether they prefer a slow burning candle or the instantly transformative scent of a room spray, we highly recommend you check out classic scents, Santal and Figuier. And since Diptique candles last a lengthy 50 to 60 hours, and a mini spritz of this concentrated room spray goes a very long way, this really is the gift that will keep on giving. And giving.We fell in love with this canvas as soon as we spotted it online. Tell your friend just how cool she is really with this hand-sewn creation. You can even pick her favourite colour combo to fit in perfectly with her interior scheme. Now that is cool. Fill this cute mini pull-out album with pictures of you and your friend's defining moments (however messy they may be) and wrap it up as a little treat to make her smile. Help your sleepiest friend get some Zzz and wake up revitalized wherever they are with this travel oil diffuser. The set comes with Deep Sleep Super Blend oil and Morning Expert Wake Up Drops to ease them out of bed. We are huge fans of this brand as it actually does what it says on the tin and as with the rest of the range, we can confidently say, yep, This Works. Tell them how much you love them with this cushion from iconic brand, Girard. Perfect for any design enthusiast, this cool graphic cushion will brighten up their sofa and remind them just how loved they really are. Is your friend in serious need of some self-love? Packed full of positive mantras and prompt-questions, this journal will celebrate her strengths and help her explore who she really is. And she'll find that is someone really quite special. Join the cult of 'clean and clinical' Drunk Elephant with this carefully curated set of minis. These miniature bestsellers are not only the perfect way to try out the range, but the scaled down size is perfect for your travels. Just pop the cute cobalt bag in your suitcase and all skin eventualities are covered. Give them a boost with a cute enamel pin. Whether you are telling your mate to 'go get 'em' or to 'you can'… there really is an enamel pin for every occasion. Now just to decide which one… Spoil your exhausted friend with this kit filled with wonder-creams, scrubs and serums, which are almost certainly guaranteed to get her glow back. This radiance-boosting set comes in a covetable pink holographic travel bag, which she can reuse every time she travels (commute included).Ever think your friend's coffee table is lacking a good book when you pop around for a quick coffee/wine? Well, take matters into your own hands by gifting this beautiful book full of refreshing non-glossy fashion photography from the likes of Juergen Teller and Josh Ollins. If only smashing the patriarchy was as easy as smashing a plate eh? Not that you'll want to smash this lovely number from LaLaLand, a perfect blend of retro kitsch and secret(ish) feminist messaging.For the bombshell in your life… Comprising all the ingredients required to perfect that Hollywood red carpet look, this gift set from Kate Moss' number one makeup artist, Charlotte Tilbury, is a beauty junkie's dream. Make the G&T fan in your life's afternoon (or morning… we aren't here to judge) with this hamper full of gin, flavoured tonic waters, green olives and cashew nuts. We'll leave you with two words: juniper joy.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In order to take a week’s holiday, we’ve put together a great, big holiday special. From the super useful last minute holiday style guide to 20 beach beauty heroes under £20 to a run-down of what you can learn from this summer’s best dressed – it’s all in this week’s issue.PLUS, refresh your summer wardrobe with our exclusive offer… We’ve teamed up with Beach Café to offer Grazia readers an exclusive 25% off their curated edit. Invest in statement pieces from the latest collections from the most coveted brands, including Hunza G, Vix, Sundress, Seafolly, Ancient Greek Sandals, Faithfull The Brand and Loveshackfancy.Whether you’re heading to the beach or staying in the city, shop the latest styles to take you from sunrise to sundown and beyond! Simply buy this week’s mag to take advantage of this exclusive offer – happy shopping!For some shopping inspo take a look at Sophie Henderson’s, Grazia’s shopping editor, top picks from Beach Café this summer…The perfect combination of on-trend puff sleeves and autumnal velvet – that's party dressing sorted!Count the bucket hat as the most stylish wet weather companion for AW19. Spotted all over the AW19 shows, we're pairing with winter florals and chunky boots.  If you haven't invested in cargo pants yet, now's the time. Whether dressed down with an autumnal knit and chunky boot or into evening, paired with a white t-shirt and barely there sandals. These have real wardrobe mileage. Trust us, this jumpsuit has all the elements for a super flattering fit. Puff sleeves, tailored trousers and a wrap neckline. That's a triple tick. Layer a classic roll neck underneath and opt for a v-cut shoe for ultimate leg lengthening. The party bag for the season has a new shape. Count this as iconic as the clutch this season. This one has the perfect nod to the 90's with added style points in sumptuous maroon suede. The western boot has been a key shape on the catwalk for the past couple of seasons. The contrasting sole are a great fashion take on a classic. Pair with autumnal floral dresses and maxi skirt's or your favourite blue jeans. Although Leopard and Zebra prints will always have a worthy place in your wardrobe. It's time to try cow print. Layer this dress over a long sleeve white t-shirt, tights and chunky boots. Shop now: (www.beachcafe.com)For the latest news, views and shoes get your copy of Grazia today. On sale now!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Les Rêveries is the New York-based label that you've probably see on Instagram, even if you're not familiar with the name.The brand is the brainchild of sisters Wayne Lee & Ai Ly, the brand makes particularly great dresses, many of which have been worn by some of social media’s most recognisable names. Now, it's launching a capsule bridal collection exclusively with Net-a-Porter, which is as dreamy as you might expect.Available from Wednesday, the collection features long sleeve dresses, camisole straps and Victorian lace gown. The designs combine high quality fabrics with a modern take on bridalwear. They’re all easy to wear and unfussy, perfect for a laid-back, modern bride. When Les Rêveries first launched, it was only available on Net-a-Porter, as part of its The Vanguard programme that nurtures new talent. It’s been such a huge success that Net-a-Porter was keen to collaborate on something new.'Following the incredibly successful launch of Les Rêveries in our first season of The Vanguard, we approached the brand to translate their effortless silhouettes into an all-white capsule offering exclusive looks for our modern bride,' said Elizabeth von der Goltz, global buying director at Net-a-Porter 'The capsule includes options for the entire wedding party from the ‘cool girl bride’ to the bridesmaid to the wedding guest. The flutter sleeves and lace that are prominent within this capsule speaks to our bohemian bride while also providing a great option for effortlessly cool white summer occasion dressing.'With a rise in destination weddings recently, this seems like good timing. And, the prices are pretty accessible too, starting at £730 for a flutter sleeve dress. The most expensive piece is the Victorian lace gown that’s £2,290 and everything is made in America using pure silk.Whether you’re in the market for a wedding dress or not, it’s certainly worth making a note of Les Rêveries now, as the brand is set for big things. 'We want to make something that works for our customers, ultimately,' said Lee in an interview with Forbes recently. Given the success the brand has already enjoyed, it looks like mission accomplished.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember in 2000 when everyone was celebrating the fact that the Millennium Bug hadn't, in fact, destroyed the world and then Jennifer Lopez inadvertently invented Google image search?That's right, the jungle print Versace dress that she wore to the Grammy Awards that year was, essentially, the very first thing to almost break the internet and so many people wanted to see pictures of it that Google was forced to create a search tool based on images just to fulfil the demand for pictures of J-Lo wearing said dress.Now, the dress is being reincarnated in trainer form, thanks to a new collaboration between Versace and streetwear brand Concepts.The print has been applied to a pair of limited edition Chain Reaction trainers, available in both men's and women's sizes. The slight issue is that they cost $1,075, or around £862, which makes our J.Lo dreams slightly inaccessible.Back in 2015, Eric Schmidt, then Google's chief executive officer, said: 'People wanted more than just text. We had no sure-fire way of getting users exactly what they wanted: J-Lo wearing that dress.So, Google Image Search was born.' J.Lo's legacy, then, now includes revolutionising the internet and a very expensive pair of trainers. She's a true hero.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jeans are, environmentally speaking, a nightmare. It can take up to 1,800 gallons of water to make a single pair and a lot end up in landfill. That's why the Ellen MacArthur Foundation has just launched its Jeans Redesign Guidelines, asking brands to sign up to ensure they're producing jeans in the most sustainable, ethical way possible. As well as that, there are now new brands emerging whose priority is sustainable denim. Where once, options were limited, now some of this planet-friendly denim is actually even more alluring than anything else.In fact, after tracking more than 60 million denim searches over the past 12 months, Lyst reports there’s been a 193 per cent increase in page views for sustainable denim brands. No wonder – because when it comes to the sustainability conversation, responsibly sourced and manufactured denim is a key component. Patiently waiting for Drop 2 of Summer 2019… 🍯 It’s almost here and it’s real cute. The Kennedy in Honey Pot will be available to shop on boyish-jeans.com on Wednesday, June 5 #BoyishByHerA post shared by  Boyish Jeans (@boyishjeans) on May 31, 2019 at 7:59am PDT‘The fashion industry is one of the largest polluting industries in the world, with jean production at the forefront of this phenomena,’ says Jordan Nodarse, the founder and creative director of LA-based denim brand Boyish, which opened a pop-up in Selfridges earlier this month and offers environmentally-conscious denim in styles that also promise to ‘make your booty look amazing’. ‘A standard jean can use up to 8000 litres of water to make just one pair; 60 per cent of that water consumption is needed for the fiber and fabric production, and 30 per cent is used to launder the denim to look worn.’‘I will never forget visiting a denim factory in Bangladesh in 2015 - they were producing 3 million pairs of jeans a month,’ adds Eco-Age co-founder Livia Firth. ‘Let that sink in… That’s just one factory in the world but imagine how many jeans are produced worldwide. This is a grim reality.’There’s another reality check that’s necessary if you are aiming to shop more consciously. ‘Research before you buy and be prepared to make an investment; responsibly made denim is harder to find at high street prices,’ advises Selfridges Buying Manager, Poppy Lomax. ‘Move away from the mindset of jeans being a seasonal purchase and remember denim’s origins and purpose – jeans should be built to last and improve with age.’ Introducing Indigood™. Discover  how we revolutionise the whole jeans industry with our most sustainable denim ever! Check link in bio. . . . #wranglerjeans #denim #sustainability #sustainablefashion #ecofriendly #jeans #fashion #eco #moda #indigo #wranglerindigoodA post shared by  Wrangler Europe (@wrangler_europe) on Jun 4, 2019 at 8:08am PDTAnd if you’re looking for a new pair of forever jeans? Thankfully brands are vociferously responding to this demand, and all without sacrificing style. Case in point, model Elsa Hosk’s new collection for J Brand, which launches this week. ‘It was so important to us to make all the denim in this collection have sustainable elements. I love working with brands that try and make a change in the industry and sets a great example,’ the model tells Grazia (J Brand has made a commitment to go fully sustainable by the end of next year). Environmentally-kinder credentials of Elsa's collection include, ‘an eco wash showing significant reduction in water used during production; tags, trims, and hardware made of recycled and/or sustainable materials and the use of recycled cotton wherever possible.’ Even better news? They fit perfectly too.BUY: Boyish, Guy Frayed-Hem Straight Denim Jumpsuit, £225Boyish jeans use ⅓ of the water used to make regular jeans, and are made using non-harsh chemicals to prevent fresh water contamination, and with deadstock or innovative, recycled fabrics. Even the garment bags are 100 per cent compostable. The Billy and Tommy jeans are particularly popular.BUY: DL1961, Hepburn Blue Wide-Leg Denim Jeans, £220 You know the way jeans can get all saggy around the knees? DL1961's high performance XFIT fiber combats that so their denim lasts longer. Last year the New York based brand also saved 50 million gallons of water and donated 5,000 pounds of excess fabric to FABSCRAP a non-profit that upcycles commercial textiles.BUY: ELV Denim, The Twin Straight High-Rise Jeans, £295 Each pair of ELV jeans - produced in a 5-mile radius between Dalston and Walthamstow - is made from two pairs of discarded jeans that would otherwise end up in landfill. Not only is their formula ‘zero waste’, but the ‘Frankenstein’ result of such picking apart and stitching back together, with its light panels against dark, has become a style statement.BUY: Guess Eco, 5-Pocket Model Slim Jeans, £47.50 Guess’s Eco collection, comprising T-shirts, bodysuits and of course denim, is a big step forward in its commitment to becoming more sustainable. The company has joined the Better Cotton Initiative, has implemented responsible sourcing policies for its rayon and other cellulosic materials, and has saved more than 2.5 million litres of water since 2016.BUY: Wrangler, Indigood Icons 124MJ Western Jacket, £110Every stage of Wranger’s production process has been overhauled and the result is Indigood, a collection that uses a new foam-dyeing process that needs 100% less water, virtually eliminates wastewater, and reduces 60% of energy use and waste. The jeans, costing £100, are made with at least 28 per cent recycled cotton, the labels are made using recycled plastics, and the tags are made using 100 per cent recycled paper.BUY: Reformation, Cinch Jean, £150It’s the Insta-set’s ultimate e-commerce label – and its new lightweight denim collection is all they’ll be wearing this summer, especially as international shipping is now free. It’s still got all the sustainable vital stats – its jeans are 100 per cent organic cotton, and save on carbon dioxide, water and waste – and some seriously cool shapes. We’re adding the high-waisted and belted Cinch jeans to our basket now.BUY: J Brand x Elsa Hosk, Jeans, £310J Brand aims to make its entire line sustainable before the end of 2020, and has just launched its #LittleJean collaboration with supermodel Elsa Hosk, an 11-piece sustainable capsule inspired by vintage styles in her own wardrobe. It has reduced the amount of water used in the wash process by 90 per cent, and only needs manmade stones, as opposed to mined pumice stones, for production.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jeans are the foundation on which many wardrobes are built. They're democratic, timeless and worn by people of all ages, sizes and genders around the world. They are also, however, bad news for the environment, given that it can take up to 1,800 gallons of water to produce just a single pair of jeans. This is why the Ellen MacArthur Foundation has launched its Jeans Redesign Guidelines, in the hope that brands will sign up and reconsider the way in which they produce their jeans, so as to make them last longer.As part of the Make Fashion Circular Initiative, the Guidelines state that metal rivets should be reduced to a minimum, so as to make jeans more recyclable. It also states that jeans should be able to "withstand a minimum of 30 home laundries, while still meeting the minimum quality requirements of the brands."Francois Souchet, Make Fashion Circular's Lead said: "The way we produce jeans is causing huge problems with waste and pollution, but it doesn’t have to be this way. By working together we can create jeans that last longer, that can be remade into new jeans at the end of their use, and are made in ways which are better for the environment and the people that make them. This is just the start. Over time we will continue to drive momentum towards a thriving fashion industry, based on the principles of a circular economy."Some major brands have already signed up, including H&M, Weekday, Tommy Hilfiger, Lee, Reformation and sustainable denim brand Boyish. Just last week, the charity Barnardo's reported that in the UK, consumers will buy over 50 million outfits this summer that will only be worn once, so if the new Jeans Redesign Guidelines help to ensure that we're all investing in a product that is better made and lasts longer, that can only be a good thing.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Well, I feel vindicated. Not to sound smug or anything, but I really do. For searches for headbands are up by a whopping 900 per cent, and I've been extolling their virtues for the past few years, to no avail. In fact, since Gossip Girl filled our lives with reason (just me?) the first time around, I've been Blair Waldorf-ing my way through Anthropologie, mostly, collecting headbands like they're going out of fashion (they were), only to find that I was ahead of the curve when they came back in this year. So smug.  Of course, it's mainly Prada that put them well and truly back in fashion's good books. The fashion house took the padded satin headbands of yore (once favoured by the Duchess of York in the 90s) and turned them into one of the season's most-coveted accessories. At one point, to track down a Prada headband was probably more unlikely than, say, a Gossip Girl reboot! Oh, hang on...Here we are, in 2019, faced with an uncertain political future and the former star of the celebrity Apprentice occupying the White House. What do we need? A Gossip Girl reboot, of course! And we've got one. So, yes, while Prada is undoubtedly the reason why you've suddenly seen headbands catapulted back into the global consciousness, you can bet your bottom dollar that this Gossip Girl news is behind the very swift rise in searches for them. Frankly, what's not to love? Blair knew what she was doing. She managed to manipulate the world into seeing her bad hair day saviour as a status symbol. Honestly, it doesn't really matter what my hair is doing, a headband provides the Gossip Girl of all distractions and, I've found, can also work in lieu of a hat for weddings and other formal functions. Blair would approve. While we must wait to see if headbands are, in fact, a key character in their own right in the new series of what must be one of the most nuanced, gripping and beautifully written television dramas of all time (The Wire? No, I'm still talking about Gossip Girl), shop some of the best below and wear them like Blair would want you to. No, not like that. The bow goes on the right, stupid. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not content with blessing our wardrobes four times already, Holly Willoughby has returned with another Marks & Spencer edit just in time for summer.The 15-piece collection, Holly Loves, is full of tough but feminine utility shirts, city shorts and bags ready to chuck all your stuff in and go.Holly’s choices are a mix of staples - think the ultimate white T-shirt and a wear-to-anything shirt - and more statement pieces. We love the jumpsuit and trainer combo, or the throw-on cotton patterned shirt dress you could dress up or down.You can always rely on Holly to come through with the goods."My Holly Loves edit really is a great capsule summer wardrobe,” said the woman herself. “The pieces are perfectly suited to mix and match; the palette is fresh and simple and the cool linen and crisp cotton fabrics makes dressing for those warmer summer days super easy; whatever the occasion.“I love the monochrome floral print in this edit, it just feels a bit different and it literally goes with everything, whether you want to add a pop of colour or keep it simple.”Shop the Holly Loves collection online and in 70 stores from today.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Butternut squash, tangerine, carrot, pumpkin, persimmon... This isn’t the start of a (rather fruity) root vegetable recipe, but gradations of this summer’s greatest colour hit. It’s all about looking freshly-squeezed and full of Vitamin C this summer. Don't make me say it... oh ok, that’s right - orange really is the new black! Last time, I promise.  🍊A post shared by  Monikh Dale (@monikh) on Jun 17, 2019 at 3:48am PDTKim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner definitely got the tango memo. The sisters looked like the different stages of a LA sunset last week, with Kim in a thigh-high minidress in Sunny D orange and Kylie in similarly brief and highlighter-bright Julien MacDonald. Zendaya also knows the power of easy peeler orange, appearing in a short and sweet Carolina Herrera dress and hair bow combo for the Late Show With Stephen Colbert at the end of last month. I’m ready for the hero shoe of the warm weather season @havaianaseurope #havaianastop #adA post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on May 29, 2019 at 11:31am PDTIt might not be the easiest colour to pull off, but that hasn’t stopped fashion editors getting on board, either. They’ve been relying on Dodo Bar Or’s flower power orange prints for weddings - perhaps influenced by all the colour on the catwalk at Paris Couture Week earlier this summer. Orange appeared head-to-toe format, and in all its sunny glory, at Agnona, Altuzarra, Dries Van Noten, Etro and Eudon Choi on the spring catwalks. reklame, Walking into the weekend like 🐥🌻 @inwear_official #inwearicons #IW50 #eternallynowA post shared by  Darja Barannik (@darjabarannik) on Jun 14, 2019 at 10:55am PDTTop-to-toe orange might look a little too Tropicana for the office so begin with baby-steps: a clementine-coloured handbag or mule sandals for example. Dial things up a notch once you’re feeling confident with an easy-breezy dress in a fluid fabric or a sarong-style skirt worn with a crisp white shirt. Remember - the future’s bright. And the puns are plentiful. SHOP: 10 of the best orange pieces 2of10© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I thought it was common knowledge that when you’re pregnant, your boobs get bigger. If I had a fiver for every time I’d watched someone on screen complain about their boobs before realising they are pregnant I’d have enough to buy a house, or at least a decent bra to contain my suddenly-enormous norks.Can someone tell maternity clothing retailers this? I recently tried to find a fancy maternity dress to wear to a party and unwittingly – and I’m trying really hard not to be overdramatic, here – plunged myself into hell. I live in London but could find almost no brands with a decent in-store presence, so instead spent two weeks ordering things online and dealing with an endless carousel of couriers, crushing disappointment and returns because nothing was even approaching “right”.Many of the dresses I tried looked delightful on the slender models with perfect handfuls of boob but positively pornographic on me. If I was starring in my own pregnancy-themed strip-show then they might have been okay, but if I wanted to go to a wedding and not have two-thirds of each tit on full display, they were utterly unusable. And that’s when I could even get the dresses on. During pregnancy, a person’s body changes in myriad ways, but it seems that maternity clothing retailers mostly think pregnant people are straight up and down with a beachball glued to their belly button.Perhaps, though, that’s unsurprising considering that’s exactly who they get to model maternity clothes. Recently, Arabella Chi from Love Island was spotted on ASOS modelling the brand’s maternity clothes with a prosthetic bump. When asked, ASOS wouldn’t comment on this, or a number of other questions I had, but they’ve said elsewhere that they use non-pregnant models as they don’t want to ask pregnant women to stand up all day. New Look, Séraphine and JoJo Maman Bébé all had similar replies, saying that tried to use real pregnant models but have been known to use fake bumps due to unavailability or through fears of tiring out their models. It’s a nice sentiment, but many pregnant people feel physically fit right up until they give birth, and it’s not helpful for the models to not get the work or for the customers to see their clothes being modelled on non-pregnant women.I was interested in how maternity clothes were being designed to make them different from regular clothes in bigger sizes, so contacted the retailers I’d had the most (New Look, Dorothy Perkins, Tu at Sainsburys, George at ASDA) and least (ASOS, JoJo Maman Bébé) success with to see what their process was.To be honest, very few brands replied – possibly because they’re too busy, possibly because they thought we wouldn’t like the answers – but JoJo Maman Bébé emphasised that it has been making maternity wear for 25 years and that it “takes inspiration from current on trend styles and adapts them to flatter the pregnant body shape to work during all stages of pregnancy, even after the birth. We know that most women can’t and shouldn’t be expected to go straight back into their pre-pregnancy wardrobe so we want our clothes to be suitable for breastfeeding and versatile enough to wear for months after.” I love the sentiment here, and I must stress that JoJo Maman Bébé had one of the best going-out maternity ranges I came across, but of the three dresses I tried from them, all fit me perfectly around the body but left my boobs bursting out of the fabric like watermelons.I should say at this point that I’m aware I will find maternity dressing more difficult than most. I’m a size 16-20, depending on the cut of a piece of clothing, and finding stylish maternity clothes above a size 14 is hard, especially if you don’t have a lot of money to spend. In most places, a generous limit was a size 18. As that’s my usual size in dresses and all the websites encourage you to “order in your pre-pregnancy size” I thought I’d be okay, but…no. Dresses wouldn’t fit over my bigger hips or strained over my stomach and there usually just wasn’t a size bigger for me to go up to. Plus-size people exist, have babies and need clothes to wear while they're doing it but – like regular fashion, really – retailers are seemingly ignoring they exist.Deflated, I asked the brands I contacted for their advice. Séraphine, one of the few maternity brands to cater to sizes over a 16 in wedding/bridesmaid dresses, say that 24% of the Clarice dresses were sold in a 16 or 18 and for me, they’d recommend I try a wrap dress. They sent me their “highly requested” Red Floral Bessie dress, most recently worn by Myleene Klass, and when I tried it on it fit perfectly, with plenty of room for both my hips and my boobs. I’m wearing it to a birthday party this weekend.JoJo Maman Bébé, meanwhile, encouraged me to “try to stay true to your pre-pregnancy style” – which is great advice, but I’m trying and I can’t bloody find anything – and to “avoid man made fabrics, most of our dresses are made in cotton and viscose which help keep you cool”, which is a genuinely great tip.New Look, who go up to a size 20, suggested I try some of their dresses. I’ve been able to get excellent jeans and daywear from New Look (I’m spent the last few months basically living in their denim maxi dress and I’m always complimented on it) but I’ve struggled to find anything dressier from them. They said that they design for customer need and so don’t do a going-out range at the moment, especially considering their dresses or their (admittedly) excellent denim range can be dressed up for evening. For dinner with friends, this is fine but if I rocked up at my friend’s wedding in either a denim dress and heels or a pair of jeans and a nice top then I’d quite rightly be murdered, seven months pregnant or not. There absolutely is a need for maternity going-out wear, and I wish more brands would fill it.So, what did I end up wearing to my party (which, incidentally, was the launch party for a book I’ve just written, hence the extra pressure)? I nipped into the Monsoon sale and managed to buy a gorgeous size 20 jumpsuit in a stretchy fabric that, despite not being in a maternity range, fit me perfectly. I planned to wear this, until ASOS sent me several more dresses to try on. Most of them were again either too small or badly fitting, but the last I tried on was a beautiful, empire-line maxi dress that fit well and made me feel as special as I’d hoped. It’s cool, flattering, and has concealed slits so that I’ll be able to breastfeed if I want to wear it after the baby is born – although many friends thought they were cuts to allow more room for my massive boobs, and I guess it worked for that, too.Either way, it took far more time and effort to find one nice dress than it should have done. I wish that brands would recognise there’s a gap in the market to fill, if they only took the effort to do so. Pregnant people of all shapes and sizes are going to be around forever, and have money to spend – if only you’ll let us.While this isn't technically a maternity dress, it's available from a size 16 and is roomy, comfy and lovely enough to wear to any smart event. This dress is a dream for any wedding, party or book launch (!) you may or may not be attending in the near future. It's not maternity but Monsoon caters for people up to a size 24, so I found that it was a great place to find pieces. Annoyingly, New Look does only use very slim models to showcase its maternity line but I have found great success with several of its dresses. I bought in my usual size and it fit like a dream. Isabella Oliver makes lovely maternity clothes, although they are a bit more expensive. This dress, however, is currently on sale for £43 and even has room for your boobs (it's a miracle!) The sizes go up to an 18 but they are roomier than most, so you may find that you need to go down a size. Simply Be offers clothes in sizes 12-26, so there's actually plenty of choice, which is refreshing. I love the mixed print of this polka dot dress and think it's fancy enough to wear to a party but could also be dressed down for daytime. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I've been fairly ambivalent about Disney's determination to re-make every sacred film from my childhood into something that vaguely resembles "live action". Why tamper with perfection? I've asked absolutely nobody, as I've watched trailers for The Jungle Book, Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin. The Lion King, however, was my absolute, complete obsession, from the years 1997 until – well, probably until I was old enough to have other interests but was still collecting Simba toys from the Disney Store. My interested was piqued, however, when I found out the cast of the new film – Donald Glover, Seth Rogen, Billy Eichner, Keenan-Michael Key, BEYONCÉ as NALA – but really, nothing has raised my excitement levels like the new video for Beyoncé's song from the film, Spirit.I haven't even thought about music videos since 2008 and, quite frankly, thank God I haven't because nothing could clearly compare to this. For, pray tell, what other music video could fuse emotional choreography with high fashion and talking lions so effortlessly and make it all seem completely mundane?And good LORD the fashion. First and foremost, there's the Valentino gown that kicks off proceedings. It's red and pink, there are ruffles and Blue Ivy wears an almost-matching lilac ruffled dress alongside her mother. I actually can't stop thinking about it.Then, there's a blue hooded dress that somehow looks even better when submerged in water. Next, a zebra print ensemble that Beyoncé wears while her dancers all wear hot pink. Then, Beyoncé's in hot pink organza! This is better than fashion week.Next, a yellow jersey dress by Norma Kamali followed by amazing red, string outfits designed by Déviant La Vie. The brand was founded by Brittany Duet, and she took to Instagram to state that this "beautiful project will forever be a highlight of my life!"After this comes a white beaded gown by Alexandrine, which sort of makes Beyoncé look like she's part of a tree (she's literally Mother Nature) and then there's a very quick glimpse of what looks like a white satin blazer with long, white fringing. The lions are fighting by this point, so it's hard to make out. There's then an incredible, blue metallic jumpsuit with fine fringing and finally a red pleated gown. Phew.I'm exhausted, but not enough to stop watching.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Shopping for summer but don't want to go too overboard? Grazia's Digital Fashion & Beauty Editor Hannah Banks-Walker is on hand to share her ultimate style essentials for the holiday season. From a staple pair of strappy sandals to a do-it-all airport-meets-beach bag, discover what hero pieces you need to pack in your summer suitcase below.Minimal, strappy sandals are a major trend this season, such is the world's fond nostalgia for the '90s. Rather than faff around with heels when I'm attempting to be the world's most relaxed human on holiday, I'll be wearing these bright flats with oversized beach dresses, as well as Bermuda shorts (another big trend and surprisingly wearable). They're also handy for travelling – wear with cropped jeans and a white tee at the airport. With airlines becoming increasingly strict on hand luggage allowance, I've been looking for a snazzy bag that's big enough to carry everything I need but isn't too formal. This excellent sunny bag is the dream, especially if you're anything like me and struggle to pack lightly. It also looks far more expensive than it is and will last far longer than your holiday tan (sorry). Increasingly, I feel way more comfortable in a one piece than I do in a bikini. But that doesn't mean I want something boring and practical – oh no, I want to channel Grace Kelly on the Rivera. Failing that, I'll just wear this lovely swimsuit, which is flattering and comfortable – an elusive combination. It's so nice, I'll just wear my tiered maxi skirt over the top and hey presto – I've got another (effortless) holiday look. I always have big plans for my holiday wardrobe and, each and every time I go away, I discover that my over-stuffed suitcase was wholly unnecessary as all I end up wearing is the same few items. That's why I'm on the hunt for great pieces that I can wear to the beach, out for dinner and preferably also at home, too. This midi ticks all those boxes – I'll wear with statement jewels (and hopefully some sort of tan) in the evening and flat, lace-up sandals by day.Espadrilles, but make them travel-friendly. Such was the motto clearly employed by John Lewis & Partners this season upon making these snazzy sandals. The scalloped detail and metallic shade mean they'll jazz up the most basic of holiday outfits but the combo of ankle strap and low heel means they're comfy enough to wear all day, every day. I like to be hands-free at all times, rather than weighted down by a cumbersome bag. This little number is ideal for making that dream a reality; it's small enough to be able to pack in your suitcase, so that you can use it for evenings out or day trips. I'll be wearing it with crisp cotton sundresses and contrasting colours. My aim is to be so relaxed I can't even be bothered to change for dinner. This does mean that I'll need some transformative accessories that I can bung on before leaving for the evening without a second thought. These hoops are it – I'll just tie my hair up, add a swish of red lippie and I'm ready to go.Since I discovered the sheer, unadulterated joy of a high-waisted bikini, I'm a new woman - and this printed number from John Lewis & Partners is a real summer winner. The underwired top gives extra support, particularly if you have bigger boobs, while the bottoms provide that little bit of coverage. Double win.Shop these summer pieces and more at John Lewis & Partners.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Givenchy teased Instagram followers with a silhouette of its new face, it was difficult to miss the ponytail that has become almost as famous as its wearer. It was, of course, Ariana Grande, and today sees the launch of the new Givenchy campaign, shot by Craig McDean.Grande wears a series of key new season looks, including an emerald power suit and a voluminous, off-shoulder top. The singer posted a series of images to her own Instagram, writing: "Honored to be your girl and wear these looooks @givenchyofficial ☁️☁️☁️ happy campaign reveal day. can’t wait for everybody to see all of the photos."Givenchy is currently under the control of its first ever female creative director, Clare Waight-Keller. One of her first commissions for the house was to design the Duchess of Sussex's wedding dress, so needless to say things are going fairly well so far. Recruiting Grande as the brand's newest face, along with her 159 million Instagram followers, seems like a savvy move for the historic fashion house.“Givenchy is a house I have forever admired,” Grande said in a statement. “I love this clothing and the confidence and joy it brings to the people wearing it. Not only is the clothing timeless and beautiful but I’m proud to work with a brand that makes people feel celebrated for who they are, and unapologetic about whatever they want to be.”'Meghan has already had impact on the industry.' Rush confirms, 'She understands the soft power of fashion to communicate cultural understanding. Her selection of British designers and businesses from Huit Denim from her visit to Cardiff to Roland Mouret when she arrived at Clivedon House yesterday. Except to see more brilliant choices in the days, weeks, months and years to come.'Meghan Markle Wedding Dress - Grazia (slider)2of8'Meghan has already had impact on the industry.' Rush confirms, 'She understands the soft power of fashion to communicate cultural understanding. Her selection of British designers and businesses from Huit Denim from her visit to Cardiff to Roland Mouret when she arrived at Clivedon House yesterday. Except to see more brilliant choices in the days, weeks, months and years to come.'Kensington Palace has released a statement explaining that '[a]fter meeting Ms. Waight Keller in early 2018, Ms. Markle chose to work with her for her timeless and elegant aesthetic, impeccable tailoring, and relaxed demeanour. Ms. Markle also wanted to highlight the success of a leading British talent who has now served as the creative head of three globally influential fashion houses – Pringle of Scotland, Chloé, and now Givenchy.'When you look at Meghan face on, her hairstyle is very similar to Kate's', assessed Richard Ward, royal and celebrity hairdresser to the likes of Catherine Duchess of Cambridge, referring to the Kate Middelton's wedding day hair. As the whole look is determined by the tiara and its substantial weight, Ward thinks there was no way around her not having a half-up-half-down hairstyle. Though he admits it's not the most original style, saying 'it's not the first hair-up that we've ever seen like that and it probably won't be the last'. However, he added, 'I predicted she'd have it all up, because half up would be too similar to the Duchess of Cambridge. The chignon has been worked symmetrically all the way down the back of the head into the nape of the neck. I think it's three pony-tails: one just below the crown, one on the occipital bone and one virtually just beneath it.' Ward has only one point of correction to Serge Normant who did Markles' hair on the day: 'The last thing you want is for the tiara to slide out of place, so I would have secured it with a tiny little plait tight to the scalp behind the central diamonds, then you sew in the front of the tiara with invisible thread to anchor it.' 'Ms. Markle and Ms. Waight Keller worked closely together on the design. The dress epitomises a timeless minimal elegance referencing the codes of the iconic House of Givenchy and showcasing the expert craftsmanship of its world-renowned Parisian couture atelier founded in 1952.'The minds behind Meghan Mirror, a style-tracking blog of the news royal's fashion choices, wasn't shocked by her wedding choice, 'The choice should not have been unexpected by those of us who know Meghan, said the minds behind Meghan Mirror, a style-tracking blog of the news royal's fashion choices, 'The CEO of the British Fashion Council, Caroline Rush, told Grazia online, 'Entering into the British establishment, to choose a British designer was expected…Clare is a great talent and the dress looked incredible. [It's s]o fantastic to shine a light on a British talent at the helm of international businesses.''The choice should not have been unexpected by those of us who know Meghan', said Amanda Dishaw, Editorial Director of Meghan's Mirror, a blog that tracks the Duchess' style, 'We see it as yet another example of how Meghan will not be conforming to a mold of what people want from her, but will be molding her own way forward combining her new royal rules with her thoroughly modern sensibilities.'Undoubtedly, this dress like Catherine the Duchess of Cambridge's iconic white lace wedding gown designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen will launch a thousand trends. Also, unquestionably, the unscrupulous high street will be sketching out copy-cat looks right this very minute – expect to see them in stores before the end of the month! For a designer, this is the ultimate coup. It's like BC versus AD for a label to get this sort of exposure. Meghan has already proved herself to be a clotheshorse able to sell out items just by briefly wearing them – some speculate that the net value of an endorsement by her is £150 million, and that's for something as basic as a sweater or a coat let alone a wedding dress that will be shared thousands of times by social, digital and print media. Nothing will compare to the magnitude of this.It must be remembered that this is Meghan's second wedding, and not third wedding dress (if you count that scene in Suits) and so her gown was never going to have the frou-frou romance of a first-time bride's. 'It was so modern, clean, having no embroidery, no lace, that beautiful boat neckline. Hubert de Givenchy was the designer for Audrey Hepburn and there was something about it that reminded me of Audrey Hepburn. Meghan Markle being this modern actress and activist I feel like that tied them together somehow when I saw the dress. I thought it was perfect, simple, chic, and modern', said Elizabeth Von Der Goltz, Net-A-Porter's Global Buying Director. That said, it's not without a touch of drama. That train, she believes, adds the perfect 'princess feels'.The dress was crafted with just six seams from double bonded silk cady to create a soft sculptural silhouette while still offering a subtle lustre that would shine under the lights and cameras. The beautiful simplicity of the design is highlighted by the bateau neckline and three-quarter length sleeve. Caroline Burnstein, from Browns Brides, describes it as 'absolutely beautiful! A classic nod to all that is royal...Clare Waight Keller has also done the house of Givenchy proud!'To keep the veil in place, the Duchess wore Queen Mary's diamond tiara, which was made in 1932 with a central detachable broach that dates back to 1893. It was originally a wedding gift to the Queen from the county of Lincoln. The piece is made of diamonds and platinum. 'The bandeau has eleven platinum sections which are all flexible and set throughout with diamonds', reveals Susan Rumfitt, Independent Jewellery Specialist who works on the Antiques Roadshow. As diamonds are a sign of eternal love, Rumfitt thinks her choice of jewellery is of little surprise. The bandeau and brooch were bequeathed by Queen Mary to the Queen in 1953 and worn by Princess Margaret at the age of 18 when she borrowed the tiara at the Inauguration of Queen Juliana of Netherlands in Amsterdam. Meghan accompanied this historical accessory with Cartier earrings and bracelet. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The thrill of unearthing a new brand - something under-the-radar that will have friends looking and wondering, ‘Where did she get that?’ - delivers an endorphin rush like no other. But when time is short, and your second cousin’s wedding is looming, it’s sometimes easier to just stick to the old reliables. That’s why we’ve done all the hard work for you, with the 13 cool and interesting brands to get acquainted with now. Whether you choose to pass on the knowledge? Totally your call. RoRo at @theofficialselfridges looking too delicious !  Handmade in London using dyed cultured freshwater pearls. . . #handmadejewelleryuk #selfridges #selfridgeslondon #handmadejewelry #freshwaterpearls #pearlsA post shared by  sandralexandra (@sandralexandra_jewellery) on May 17, 2019 at 2:40am PDTSandralexandra is the jewellery brand that started as an Instagram business in November 2018 and has since boomed. Expect to see its handmade earrings - hung with freshwater pearls and glass beads shaped like fruits and vegetables - on fashion editor’s ears. INEZ trench coat ✨A post shared by  ANNA QUAN (@annaquanlabel) on Jun 3, 2019 at 4:54pm PDTKendall Jenner and Karlie Kloss are fans, as well as Insta it girls Pernille Teisbaek, Camille Charriere and Jessie Bush. The Australian designer’s aesthetic is less surfer and more super chic, thanks to no-fuss tailoring and perfectly executed basics. #giastudiosbylamgiakhang #lamgiakhang Spring Summer 19 - Caribbean Shirt DressA post shared by  GIA STUDIOS (@gia_studios) on Mar 28, 2019 at 5:07am PDTLam Gia Khang, the designer behind Ho Chi Minh-based Gia Studios, aims to bring traditional Vietnamese craftsmanship to the modern woman’s wardrobe. The result? Beautifully voluminous dresses and trouser suits with a point of difference. Raw necklace, link in bioA post shared by  NOOTKA JEWELRY (@nootkaofficial) on May 15, 2019 at 9:41am PDTThe trend for wearing heavy-duty chains shows no sign of slowing down. Get your next fix from Nootka, the Scandinavian jewellery brand founded in 2018 by Lisa Olsson, in the form of its deliciously minimal chain bracelet. Buy now; wear with everything. OSOI 19 SUMMER COLLECTION ⠀⠀⠀ BOAT FLIP FLOP [BLACK] ⠀⠀⠀ www.osoi.co.kr ⠀⠀⠀ #오소이 #데일리백 #데일리슈즈 #osoi #dailybag #dailyshoesA post shared by  OSOI OFFICIAL (@osoi_official) on Jun 21, 2019 at 2:24am PDTThis Korean label is all about cool-girl accessories - the flatform flip-flops and chain-embellished shoulder bags are on our wishlist - for the minimalist in you. Take it back // OLIVIA piece • #pieceofwhite #cottonpiece  #kucukbebek14A post shared by  PIECE OF WHITE (@pieceofwhite) on Feb 24, 2019 at 12:09am PSTIstanbul-based Zeynep Tansung worked in brand management at Unilever for seven years before pivoting to become a fashion designer. Piece of White was born in 2017, and predominantly makes shirts. ‘I love the simplicity, cleanliness and minimalism of white as a colour’ says Zeynep, adding, ‘For me, wearing a white shirt with red lipstick is the best outfit.’ Introducing Resort 20. Pre-Order via @modaoperandi 🕊 Shot by @hanro  #resort20A post shared by  Rylan (@rylanstudio) on Jun 26, 2019 at 3:39am PDTRylan is the anti it bag brand from down under. The beautifully proportioned top-handle satchels will go with everything, from wafty white dresses to pared-back tailoring, and, best of all, won’t break the bank. Kinchaku pieceA post shared by  THE SANT (@thesantofficial) on Mar 25, 2019 at 4:29am PDTThe Sant has its studio in Barcelona, but manufactures in Ubrique, and makes sculptural - and sell-out - bags that look like wearable pieces of art. The oblong Kinchaku, currently sold out, is made for Instagram. @untitledco__ weekend mood #dresses | Pre-order Available till 03/31 / Haidam, @kinriii, @anushka.bisht by @apoorvabisht | 💄 @phyps : : #untitledco #untitleddesign #embroidery #indielabel #indiebrand #fashion #womensfashion #textile #seasonless #textileart #handstitch #handwork #handembroidery #womenswear #seasonless #corduroy #madetoorder #slowfashion #madeinindiaA post shared by  untitled co. (@untitledco__) on Mar 22, 2019 at 8:36pm PDTThe New Delhi-based brand is the brainchild of Rinzin Lama and Shenali Sema, and majors in the kind of whimsically high-necked and embroidered dresses that Instagram is obsessed by right now. Made in Portugal using organic & recycled materials.A post shared by  Wado. (@wearewado) on Jun 27, 2019 at 11:36am PDTThis Spanish brand makes trainers with a social conscience. It plants two trees for every pair bought, thanks to the NGO We Forest, and is passionate about transparency. It pays the employees in its Portugese factory an average of 850 euros a month, and uses materials from Spain and Portugal to reduce its carbon footprint. The trainers, incidentally, are white and wonderfully retro. The ultimate special occasion shoe: luxurious, comfortable and made-to-order, so you get exactly what you want, sustainably.A post shared by  ESSĒN (@essenthelabel) on Jun 17, 2019 at 4:38am PDTThe footwear market might be flooded, but we have a feeling Essen will thrive. The online-only business is based in Melbourne and makes shoes in limited runs from factories in Italy, Spain and Portugal to ensure the highest possible quality. The result is personal - each pair is delivered with a card that notes the production number and the country where it was made - and the shoes themselves are instant wardrobe classics. BOHÈME 💛 #laboheme #ibiza #newcollection #beauty #online #sundress #sundressgirl #sundressbrand #sundressmuse #bestseller #shooting 📸 @lilifranklin 🌾A post shared by @ sundress_official on Jun 14, 2019 at 11:56am PDTAs expected, this brand makes the kind of dresses that are utterly perfect for sun-baked summer days, from 100% cotton ankle-sweepers stitched with red daisies to pleasingly lightweight, not to mention pretty, halter-neck styles. Enjoying the summer sunshine while it lasts in our black Collyer swimsuit 💛 . . . . . . . #HRSwimwear #holidayromancestore #instadaily #swimwear #sustainable #flattering #relaxation #holidaymode #photooftheday #snooze #sustainableswimwear #summer2019 #bodyconfidence #responsibleshopping #poolside #citybreak #weekendgetaway #holidayromance #bikini #swimsuit #ecofriendly #empower #newarrivals #collyertwins #travelA post shared by  Holiday Romance Store: (@holidayromancestore) on Jun 30, 2019 at 9:51am PDTIts name might suggest something fleeting, but that’s the opposite of Holiday Romance’s eco-conscious ethos. Its swimwear is made from econyl, nylon regenerated in a closed loop and entirely from waste, which is sustainable, has excellent UV protection and is ultra chloride resistant.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You were most likely a whippersnapper with a fake ID and braces the last time you wore a minidress, but don’t let those memories put you off. The most barely-there of hemlines might be back in business, but this time around it’s grown up enough for those of us born before 1985. This, of course, begs the very profound question: is the mini the new midi? Let’s Walk My Way 🌈🌷💛 #WhoWhatWearing #LookDuJour #CannesA post shared by  NNENNA (@nnennaechem) on May 28, 2019 at 9:50am PDTThe minidress has, it has to be said, had somewhat of a modest makeover. It now comes with long sleeves and even a high neck, both of which are all the better for balancing out the miles of leg on show. Clever, no? Sun, moon & you 💛 @ganni @matchesfashionA post shared by  Emili Sindlev (@emilisindlev) on May 1, 2019 at 2:56am PDTEleanor Tomlinson wore one to watch Wimbledon last week. The white Ralph Lauren number stopped a few inches short of her knees and had a set of elegantly wafty sleeves. Rachel Weisz chose a voluminous, short shirt dress for a party at Annabel’s; Miu Miu’s recent cruise show, meanwhile, practically had a modest mini dress code. Booksmart co-stars Beanie Feldstein and Kaitlyn Dever both wore puff-sleeved styles with their platform sandals, while Nicole Richie and Olivia Palermo’s minis both had sugar-sweet collar details. Farm girl in the making @leemathewsau #puglia #handinfiretravelA post shared by  Tiffany Hsu (@handinfire) on Jul 8, 2019 at 11:20pm PDTFashion editors are fans of Danish designer Cecilie Bahnsen’s minis that are as pillowy as cream puffs and have Lady Di-style frills at the neck. Ganni’s puff-sleeved, wrap minis and Rhode Resort’s ruffled, thigh-high print dresses are also Instagram favourites. ‘I like the contrast between a covered up neckline and a super mini dress - it’s way more sexy than showing a lot, not to mention more comfortable to wear,’ says Tiffany Hsu, Mytheresa.com’s fashion buying director, adding, ‘Marc Jacobs, Ganni, Zimmermann and Miu Miu all have great Victorian-inspired minidresses that balance elegance with sex appeal.’ Dressed up for party🧡 #saturdaynightout #osloA post shared by  Nina Sandbech (@ninasandbech) on Jun 15, 2019 at 1:44pm PDTThe minidress’s renewed popularity with the style set is perhaps at odds with the hemline index, a theory that dress and skirt lengths dip during recessions and rise during periods of prosperity. Echoing the doom and gloom over Brexit, the maxi is still the most dominant length on the runways. However, green shoots of optimism in the form of the modest mini is certainly on the rise - and can’t help but put their wearers in a good mood if done properly.Balance is key, you see. A modest mini only works because of its bigger-is-better sleeves and a pie-crust collar will never go amiss. As for shoes, I'd personally recommend something chunky: flatform sandals, pumped-up trainers or even cowboy boots are just the ticket.SHOP: The best modest minidresses 2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I didn't realise that Holly Willougby has 5.6 million followers on Instagram. I mean, of course she does, but I didn't realise. Sometimes, my mum likes to send me photographs of Holly from Instagram, professing her love for one of the outfits she's seen. I don't quite know what to do with that, other than agree that Holly looks perfectly lovely.Recently, however, I've noticed something pretty spooky. Most of the dresses I've been perusing on the internet – and, as you might expect, I do that sort of thing a lot – have wound up on Holly Willoughby's Instagram, as her #ootd. Coincidence? Try telling that to my mum.Working with her stylist, Angie Smith, Holly's recently worn everything from the classic British high street brands like M&S (with whom Holly has her own collection) to the mid-market brands that fashion's currently obsessed with – Ganni, for example, as well as Maje, Claudie Pierlot, Ghost and Sandro. I've got a few weddings to go to this year, and these are all the brands that have been my most-visited sites online as I trawl through dresses, desperately trying to find one that I like enough to buy.So, I have now joined the 5.6 million people who already follow Holly (including my mum) because, as it turns out, she has already worn many of the best dresses out there. And, as I'm a benevolent sort of person (and it is my job) I've compiled an edit of the best below. Buy them before my mum does.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Being British means it's entirely our prerogative to moan relentlessly about rain in June, before tutting loudly and rolling our eyes as weather forecasts start to impart news of high temperatures and long, sunny days. While it's true that everything does feel better when it's sunny (and I say that as a devotee of black tights and polo necks), when you're not, in fact, lounging by a pool or sipping lemonade in a shady garden, getting dressed can be a bit of a pain.Whether you're going to work, running around after children or just trying to exist in a city, 30 degrees does not exactly suit your normal wardrobe. Forget about jeans – they'll stick to your legs and you'll feel like you're wearing wet denim in no time. Not a great vibe. Instead, take inspiration from these seven buys, all destined to leave you feeling fresh and stylish when the heatwave finally arrives, as opposed to sticky and uncomfortable.I know that everyone, including Chanel, wants us all to believe that cycling shorts are a great look for this season but I'm opting out for obvious reasons. Instead, look for tailored styles that you can wear to work (dress code dependent, obviously) as well as at the weekend. Jigsaw has some excellent options, from shorter chino styles to longer, linen shorts that are a bit smarter.Babydoll dresses have recently experienced a comeback of impressive proportions, and just in time for the hot weather. The excellent thing about a smock dress is that it's short in length, so feels very summery, but the bagginess means it's not clinging to you in high temperatures. Also, you can find sleeveless, short sleeve or long sleeve styles, depending on your preference. Try Sister Jane for some of the prettiest smocks on the high street.Last year, Copenhagen Fashion Week made the flip-flop the unlikely breakout star of summer dressing. Usually reserved for a holiday context, I really ever thought I'd be advocating wearing them with your best midi dress or a long skirt, but then 2019 is full of surprises. And hey, at least they're comfy and won't leave you with blisters.Call me a pessimist but I've been burned by my lack of jacket so many times in the past. What starts out as a blazingly hot day can very quickly turn into something with a breeze, and evenings certainly require an extra layer if you're sitting outside. The denim jacket, then, will be your friend. Lightweight enough to shove in your bag or even carry, it'll look great thrown over your summer dress or a strappy top with shorts.Shorts are all well and good, but there's really nothing comparable to the breeze a skirt allows on a boiling summer's day. The high street currently has lots of pretty pleats on offer, none more lovely than Mango's tie-dye option. Tuck in a plain white tee or team with a more structured blouse and simply add flat sandals.If you do insist on staying in your jeans (you're a better person than I) then you're going to need a loose-fitting, comfy top to ensure you don't overheat. Topshop's bowling shirt is just that, plus it will look great with the aforementioned chic shorts. Team with shell jewellery to really embody summer 2019.If you're shopping for a new summer dress, always consider cotton above anything else. It really will keep you cooler, plus it washes well and will therefore last longer. What's more, they're an all-in-one outfit, meaning you don't need to waste time wondering what to wear them with and can be dressed up or down depending on the situation. They are, in short, my ultimate summer uniform and I will be wearing one until it rains again.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Vitamin D is potent. Just a hint of sun is all it takes for even the most resolute jeans-and-tee wearers among us to dive head-first into frills and florals, pastels and pompoms.But where do you go if you want something special but have tastes that are more sleek than sweet? You turn to summer satin. Yes, you may read that as an oxymoron but just hang on a second.Seen on the catwalks at Bottega Veneta, Burberry and Balenciaga summer satin is glamorous, glossy and thoroughly modern. It’s more grown up than lace; less garish than sequins. Just look at Nicole Kidman in a hot pink Olivier Theyskens dress at the Taormina Film Festival last week, and Kate Moss rocking a languid silver shirt at the Dior menswear show. Or see Rihanna, sensational in a little satin dress that was big on sass for the New York launch of Fenty. ‘She made it look easy,’ says Laure Heriard Dubreil, founder and creative director of The Webster, where Riri unveiled the second drop.Indeed, ease is all part of the appeal. Although the wedding guest charm is obvious, don’t think of summer satin as only an invite-required or after dark option; it’s also a gift for daytime. ‘I’m wearing one of our slip dresses in our 40 degree showroom today,’ says Charlotte de Geyter of Bernadette, whose floral satin dresses are fast becoming a fashion favourite. ‘Our bias-cut satin dresses drape loosely around the body, it feels like you aren’t wearing anything at all’. That's literally the stuff heatwave dreams are made of.To give summer satin daytime momentum opt for mannish, oversized silhouettes like Zendaya in her roomy Peter Do PJ set – a clever choice, the ex-Céline designer's own brand is already hot property among fashion insiders. ‘Satin feels really modern when you wear it with more casual fabrics like cotton,’ says the designer Catherine Quin. ‘To me, it’s the ideal time to pair a fluid satin skirt with an oversized T-shirt.’ And don’t be afraid of colour. ‘We love satin in bold saturated brights in oversized silhouettes; the fabric takes colour so well,’ says Net-A-Porter’s global fashion director Elizabeth von der Goltz, who’s currently crushing on Sies Marjan’s fuchsia Bermudas.There is one non-negotiable, however; a good steamer is essential.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Duchess of Sussex left her house yesterday and, right on cue, the internet lost its mind. Suddenly there were tweets and articles and long conversations concerned with how Meghan was holding the baby, whether or not Kate and Meghan were ignoring one another and various other conspiracy theories of a serious nature. And among them were those dissecting Meghan's outfit. She wore an olive dress by Lisa Marie Fernandez, an American brand that specialises in breezy summer dresses and pretty separates that are crying out for an equally pretty holiday destination in which to be worn. The dress in question – the Rosetta, a V-neck linen number – is sold with a waist tie, which Meghan chose to forgo. As a result, she was wearing the dress oversized.The only reason I'm bringing this up is because I thought she looked incredibly modern, at an event where most people were wearing fairly formal, mostly fitted, floral print dresses. She was the epitome of laid-back, California cool, which is actually much more difficult to execute than you might think. Lisa Marie Fernandez has nailed it, however, with her signature brand of summer dressing. She founded her eponymous label in 2009, starting with swimwear. Now, she's managed to navigate the tricky retail landscape to maintain a coveted brand that's managed to stay ahead of the curve. "The best asset I have is my instincts. I somehow always see things way before other people," she told Fashionista last year.What I do find interesting is Meghan's choice of brands; they feel very conscious, very considered. From choosing Givenchy's very first female creative director – Clare Waight Keller – to create her wedding dress to buying jeans from the sustainable brand Outland, she is clearly aware of her influence and how she can possibly use it for good. Just last week, she attended Wimbledon carrying a tote bag from US label Cuyana, whose brand motto is "Fewer, better things." She was also wearing a blazer by L'Agence, which she has worn on previous occasions. She is, in many ways, the ultimate sustainable influencer.Many have suggested her style is more casual since she had a baby, which is not exactly a groundbreaking assertion. What woman wants to force herself into tailoring six weeks after giving birth to a human being? I think it would be hard to wrestle me out of leggings. It also feels like maybe Meghan is staying true to her own style – she is from California, after all. And, while I'm loathe to admit it, I think I have fallen victim to the Meghan Effect or whatever the Daily Mail calls it. For the weather has been mostly overcast and humid recently, leading me to search my wardrobe desperately for pieces that will keep me cool but are still work appropriate. And perhaps the answer lies in an oversized silhouette. A breezy, linen dress that is low maintenance, still looks like you've vaguely tried and that will really last for summers to come.Naturally, the LMF dress is sold out. But there are many brands capitalising on the appeal of an oversized dress for summer, meaning you too can channel the laid-back vibes of California. You may be in a beer garden in England, but nobody will know the difference.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Summer tends to bring with it some tricky sartorial conundrums. Dressing for hot weather is, after all, not something we have to consider very often in the UK and weddings tend to require something altogether more formal than our daily outfits. This could be why a new survey has found that consumers in the UK will spend £2.7 billion this summer on outfits that will be worn only once.The poll was conducted by Censuswide on behalf of Barnardo's, with research indicating that the most clothes were bought for holidays – consumers spend £700 million on 11 million items that won't be worn again. Similarly, wedding guests spend an average of nearly £80 on something new to wear on just that one occasion.Javed Khan, Barnardo’s chief executive, said: “Choosing to buy ‘pre-loved’ clothes for a special occasion means you don’t have to worry about bumping into someone wearing the same outfit. It is also kinder to the environment and your wallet, getting more wear out of clothes which might otherwise only be worn once and end up in landfill."Just last month, the government rejected proposals outlined by the Environmental Audit Committee, which aimed to tackle fast fashion's impact on the planet. That happened while Missguided was running a promotion on a £1 bikini, prompting questions about the ethics of cheap clothing and its manufacture.If, in fact, you are going on holiday and looking to buy something new, consider one of the below swimsuits. They're all made sustainably and will last, meaning you won't need to replace it next year, contributing to another 11 million items that will most likely end up in landfill.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re the proud owner of DD+ boobs – which happens to be the average UK size – you’ll know that to find great swimwear that actually fits amounts to a Herculean task. Most brands don't cater to cup sizes bigger than a D, and many now sell bikinis as a set, labelling them as S, M or L – something which proves fairly unhelpful if you're different sizes on top and bottom, as many are.That's why, as someone with a GG cup size who often struggles to find bikini tops that actually fit, I decided to investigate what's actually out there. Thankfully, I discovered a whole world of brands out there that are completely invested in supporting my boobs and me – one of the best of which is Aussie label The Fold.Carly Warson and Stephanie Korn are the duo behind The Fold, knowing all too well what a struggle it is to find swimwear that fits when you have a larger bust. The two grew up together, and have both had DD and E cup boobs since their teenage years, seeing them as “a burden, and really difficult to dress for”. Until a family holiday to France, that is. “We were sitting by the pool, in this beautiful resort, with our nice clothing, and we take that off to reveal these completely conservative, frumpy, swimsuits," says Warson. "We were just laughing at the juxtaposition of the beautiful setting and our day to day wardrobe, and what we were wearing by the pool.” They were both nearing the end of their degrees – Korn's in textiles and Warson's in business – and so decided to join forces to provide their own solution to the problem. And thus, The Fold was born.The next three years were spent planning, building and developing before they launched the brand in 2017. Their excitement to find such a gap in the market and to be able to make women feel good was met with much difficulty in terms of design, as they were faced with all the hurdles most brands won’t jump over to avoid the responsibility of accommodating to larger cup sizes. These brands, says Warson, approach design by "replicating a smaller design with a larger cup size, grouping cup sizes together like a DD/ E or an E/F - you could tell they weren’t really designed, it was an afterthought.” To design a product that actually catered to women with larger boobs required a degree of engineering, as Warson explains. “You're designing for a large, curved, surface, with quite a bit of weight, and you need to lift it, position it, shape it, with just a few components … it’s incredibly technical. And it’s pretty crazy that bras get this intricate detailed consideration yet swimwear doesn’t. Bras would never be sold as small, medium, large, yet swimwear is."The perfect fit is so important to Warson and Korn that they have designed their own online e-fitting experience too, where you are asked a simple set of questions that are “easy to answer but informative enough” to determine your size and recommend which style would best suit you. The Fold carries four main top styles: Line, Base, Frame and Tri, all designed to “suit every woman but do different things depending on your bust shape." And while the technicalities of fit are a main focus, the designs feel modern and stylish, too. It’s so refreshing to see that The Fold doesn't compromise on the aesthetic, avoiding the usual moody-bloom or ditsy-floral prints you usually see, that always look like they’ve been designed for a much older demographic.Aside from the product, the brand’s ethos is just as important, as the girls set strong intentions from the start, committing to a sustainable approach where all their packaging is recycled and 78 per cent of their fabric “is made from recycled waste, like fishing nets, fabric scraps, carpet flooring and industrial plastic from landfills and oceans all over the world.” Their footprint also extends to donating $1 (around 60p) from every purchase to The National Breast Cancer Foundation in Australia. For Warson and Korn, these principles were non-negotiable from the start: “It’s less about a tangible, physical, material product and more about making people happy and making people feel good, helping the world in any small way we can,'' says Warson.Women are connecting with The Fold’s feel-good mantra, not only in terms of its swimwear, made for a market that has felt unloved and unseen for so long, but also their proud use of models of different shapes and sizes across their social media platforms, e-commerce and campaign imagery. “I think our customers are so used to being excluded from the market and feeling like their bodies weren’t normal and weren’t made to be on the beach, that representing women that look like them, and that are real women, is what our customers relate to," says Warson.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is there anything more annoying that a clutch bag? Well, yes, of course there is. But when you’re four hours into a wedding, desperate to free your hands for very important things like picking up another glass of Pimms or throwing your hands in the air like you just don’t care, few things are more annoying, let me tell you. I remember thinking, as a foolhardy child, that nothing was more sophisticated than a clutch bag. It meant that you were going to An Event, somewhere so illustrious and exciting that you needed to trade in your usual old handbag for something altogether more glamorous. I had a collection of embellished clutches, collected from old copies of Mizz or wherever I found them, and I took one to every school disco for most of the 90s. While that was all well and good, I now find that I generally need to use my hands for more than holding a Flump and downing Capri Sun (what? It was the 90s). Thank heavens, then, for the new cohort of bags that are not only far more stylish than any clutch I’ve ever seen (particularly those in my own collection), they’re also complete with top handles, shoulder straps and beaded hoops that you could even wear as bracelets. And just like that, my 10 year old self was mind-blown.It's pink, beaded and in the shape of a crescent moon – what's not to love? Montunas' acetate buckets are not only super-chic, they're the perfect alternative to a basket bag, if you feel like you've had enough of those to last a lifetime.Rejina Pyo can do no wrong, as her excellent accessories suggest. This little number is the perfect size, plus it's leather, meaning it won't look out of place for everyday, either.With it's chain strap, this little bag can be worn across the body for the ultimate in hands-free joy. Ideal for adding colour to a muted palette, or for just going all-out. Cult Gaia's wooden bag was the talk of the town a few seasons ago. This year, the brand's beaded bags are the stand-outs. This will sit prettily on your wrist for maximum ease. If you haven't familiarised yourself with Staud, now's the time. While this bucket bag is small enough to sling over your arm all day, it's surprisingly roomy, meaning you don't have to go without any of your essentials. Like the original, sell-out Antonia bag – but smaller. As part of Shrimps' Pre-Fall collection, this mini bag is crying out to be taken to a wedding from now until the end of time. Spanish label Eliurpi hand crafts all of its bags in Barcelona, and this little number has the option of either the wooden handles or a detachable black strap. Looks excellent with floral dresses, in particular. If you need something more tote-sized that's still as pretty as the myriad mini bags on the market, this Rixo number is for you. Photographer: Marco VitturSenior Picture Editor: Anna Dewhurst Model: Amy RedgwellFashion Assistants: Charlotte Pavitt & Lillian Sesiguzel© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At the weekend, The Guardian published an interview with fashion's sustainable queen, Stella McCartney. It was intended to promote her latest collection All Together Now, based on the film Yellow Submarine, which in turn is based on the music of The Beatles. The interview has since enjoyed a lot of attention, largely due to McCartney's thoughts on how often we should all be washing our clothes. "Basically, in life, rule of thumb: if you don’t absolutely have to clean anything, don’t clean it," says McCartney. "I wouldn’t change my bra every day and I don’t just chuck stuff into a washing machine because it’s been worn. I am incredibly hygienic myself, but I’m not a fan of dry cleaning or any cleaning, really.”Since this information entered the public sphere, many articles have emerged discussing McCartney's opinion, examining the reality of not washing your clothes and what it actually means for the planet. The general consensus is, of course, that the less you wash anything, the better that is for the environment, particularly if we're talking about dry cleaning. As Laura Diáz Sánchez, from the Plastic Soup Foundation advocacy group told BBC News: "Every time we wash our clothes an average of nine million [plastic] microfibres are released into the environment. The way we wash our clothes affects this, as well as the way our clothes are made - but the more we wash our clothes, the more microfibres are released."Quite frankly, I'm bemused as to the outcry. I have long been an advocate for less frequent washing. Everyone knows that washed jeans are the very devil – mine are certainly at their peak after a few wears. And honestly, who has the time (or the sufficient amount of fabric softener) to wash their bra every single day? If, by happy accident, my own laziness means I am inadvertently helping the planet, then I'm thrilled. I'd also like to thank Stella McCartney for endorsing my dislike of household chores. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)The power of the perfect summer dress is undeniable: it's confidence boosting, it's versatile, and it's oh-so-easy to style. Arm your wardrobe with one of these dresses and you'll be in for a winning summer. See some of the styles we're coveting for this season, below.When investing in a summer dress, you want to get one that'll see you through all of your summer plans, from a stroll on the beach to a breezy weekend BBQ. And that's where this red number from AND/OR comes into play. Cut to a simple shift shape, this bold wardrobe staple boasts elegant flared sleeves and a glorious ruffled Bardot neckline with a printed leaf pattern. Talk about romantic.Credit: Dress from AND/OR, £85; Exclusive to John Lewis & PartnersThis season we're looking at this playful ruffle midi dresses thanks to the soft pleat design and cold shoulder detail. It'll keep you cool in hot weather. Wear it during the day to nail an understated cool vibe, or with heels in the evening. Double winCredit: Dress from AND/OR, £75; Exclusive to John Lewis & PartnersOur favourite summer dress collection, you ask? AND/OR's new limited edition range consisting of five standout, Boho-Ibiza dresses in collaboration with Victoria Elefante from La Galeria Elefante including this one in the vibrant star pint. We love. Already a favourite with fashion influencers like Katherine Ormerod and Erica Davies, these dresses are exclusive to John Lewis & Partners, meaning that not many people will have them - perfect for avoiding a 'twinning' dress moment!Credit: Dress from AND/OR, £195; Exclusive to John Lewis & PartnersCredit: Dress from Whistles; £179; from John Lewis & PartnersGood news: animal print is here to stay. This summer, don your favourite animal motif dress for a look that packs a wild punch. For even more sass, opt for a dress that has a pleated tiered skirt and fitted waist, like this gorgeous one from Whistles.Make your summer dressing a breeze by heading into one of John Lewis & Partners stores for a free personal styling appointment, where expert stylists will help you find the pieces that are just right for you.Shop Grazia's favourite summer dresses below, in-store and online at John Lewis & Partners:The Dresses That Will See You Through Every Summer Occasion2of7© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s slap-bang in the middle of summer and a strange old time to go shopping. The sales are still in full swing, summer stock is depleted, but it's far too warm and way too early to consider buying a coat yet (although, we applaud your organisational skills if you have).But here’s the good news. There are ways to update your summer look without so much as stepping into a shop if you don’t feel inclined. We’ve been keeping a carefully-trained eye on the street-stylers at Paris Couture Week and the revelers at Glastonbury, and noticed several styling hacks that you can easily mimic using pieces already hanging in your wardrobe - think new way to wear rather than new thing to wear.Take the coterie of influencers and Insta-stars at Miu Miu’s cruise show. The temperatures in Paris might have soared to unbearably sticky heights last week, but that didn’t stop the assembled guests wearing socks with their platform sandals. One brave soul even wore knee-highs - knee-highs! - with hers. Speaking of sandals, this just in: there’s officially a new way to wear them so that the ankle-ties are laced around your trouser hems. Interesting, no?Here are the five micro trends that are perfect for shaking up your summer wardrobe - and some hero products if you do have the urge to hit the shops. Today I renew my #MAKEAPROMISE #LVforUNICEF to help children in urgent need. You can help too with the new Silver Lockit @LouisVuitton bracelet 💙A post shared by  María Bernad (@maria_bernad) on Jul 1, 2019 at 8:14am PDTThere's a specific way of wearing - or should that be not wearing? - your shirt doing overtime with the streetstyle set right now. You simply do up the top buttons, but leave the ones underneath your chest to the bottom undone. The shirt gracefully billows in the summer breeze and - voila! - you’ve basically fashioned yourself a new top. reklame, All tied up for 🌞🌿 @charleskeithofficial  #imwithcharleskeithA post shared by  Tine Andrea (@tineandreaa) on Jul 2, 2019 at 12:20pm PDTFive minutes ago tucking your baggy trousers into your boots was all the rage - summer’s update is wrap ankle ties around the hem of the trousers. It started at Bottega Veneta, has now graduated to the street style set, meaning you can expect to see this happening on a street near you any day now. Plus, it does mean you can even give your barely-there sandals a whizz in the rain, without fear that your trousers will drag in puddles. Bonsoir 👩🏾🇫🇷 #WhatImWearing #WhoWhatWearing #GanniGirls #LookDuJour #CannesA post shared by  NNENNA (@nnennaechem) on Jun 9, 2019 at 7:43am PDTYou splashed out on a new swimsuit at the start of summer and only got to wear it for one week on a Greek island. It doesn't have to be this way. The influencer Camille Charriere turned a leopard print cossie into a bodysuit to gallivant around Glastonbury. Tuck yours into anything from a ruffled midi skirt to longline shorts, and your top half will be fully prepared for summer showers should the heavens open. Favorite looks from #MiuMiuCroisière20, including mine (from prefall and if you zoom in real close, you can see there are crystals all over it. Obsessed!)! What better than a fashion show after a horse race? Mais, bien sur!! ❤️🐎💥💌🎉☀️🌹 @miumiu #MiuMiuJockeyClubA post shared by  Tina Leung 梁伊妮 (@tinaleung) on Jun 30, 2019 at 3:11am PDTWearing socks with sandals used to be something only embarrassing dads and tourists attempted in earnest. Not any more. Everything from neat white ankle socks to elegant black knee-highs were present and correct on the Miu Miu front row. Keep the look unfussy by sticking to a platform sandal and avoiding patterns. Please wait, while I take this picture ✋🏽🚖A post shared by  Emili Sindlev (@emilisindlev) on May 2, 2019 at 1:14am PDTThe concept of wearing a dress over trousers has previously been too ‘fashion’ for most people, but it’s time to get on board. A bit of layering never goes amiss when the weather’s indecisive as you can always whip the trousers off if the temperature spikes. Look for tunic-style dresses that hit just above the knee and style over flared or ankle-cropped trousers.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In recent years, there's been an increase in light-up dresses on the red carpet. The Met Gala, in all its dramatic glory, has provided the ideal space to showcase such designs, with Katy Perry, Claire Danes and this year, Zendaya, all choosing tech-heavy gowns to fit each year's theme. But it turns out, smart clothes – as they're being called – could actually be used for a purpose far more useful than simply looking impressive on the Met steps. The Evening Standard reported that the development of smart clothes was discussed at this year's Great Exhibition Road Festival, which outlined plans for colour-changing clothes that could warn the wearer if they become ill. The pieces will change colour and heat up in response to any changes in the electrical conductivity of the wearer's skin, using technology created by scientists at the University of Lancaster. This could be helpful for those managing diseases such as diabetes, for example, as the clothes could sense when glucose levels are too high.As well as this, there are plans to develop clothes that can charge phones using solar panels and conductive fibres in fabric. Dr Jessica Wade, a research associate at Imperial College London’s Faculty of Natural Sciences said that she hopes potential customers would be attracted by the idea of owning something that will last, as an antidote to fast fashion. "We’ve got tired of passive clothing but because we’ve got good at making it cheaply, we’ve not done anything innovative with it," she said. “When our clothes are adaptable, it will increase the value we get from them, they will do more for you."Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: Getty© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Things are definitely looking up. Summer has finally got the memo and your hot holiday is also on the horizon. The only problem? What to pack. You’re doing a mixture of poolside lounging, beach bar hopping and cobbled street wandering, and ideally want to mix-and-match pieces as easily as you can knock back an Aperol Spritz. What you need are summer add-ons - little extras that you can pop on at the last-minute to make your outfit really sing. So, to make things easier, we've whittled it down to ten essential items to take with you. If we could, we'd pack them for you too, but our talents only extend so far...When it comes to sunscreening, go big or go home in the hat department. Jacquemus is following up its famously ginormous La Bomba, with something slightly more wearable - the frayed-edge and fabulous Riviera.Extravagantly voluminous sleeves are in for summer 2019. Style with a belted A-line skirt to keep the proportions in check.A pair of elongated shorts will be your holiday wardrobe’s hardest workers. Slip them over a swimsuit for sundowners or wear with a short-sleeved patterned shirt for lunch in a sun-baked piazza.Forget delicate slingbacks and pretty lace-ups. Velcro straps + flatform soles = summer’s must-have sandals. They're comfy, too.Visor-like and sporty, these sunnies are as protective as they are stylish. Wear with a long-sleeved rash guard and surf shorts on the beach.It’s Jane Birkin’s favourite, but now the basket bag has been dressed up with interesting details. Think colorful wicker and embroidered flowers/fruit. The more the merrier.A ditsy-print dress works for both poolside lounging and seaside strolls. Dial up the romance with ties at the shoulders or whimsically puffed sleeves.Think of freshwater pearls with gold as gap-year trinkets for grown-ups. Seashells, chunks of turquoise and colourful beads are all fair game.A pared-back swimsuit can be the bedrock of many a hot-weather outfit if you treat it like a bodysuit. Style under ruffled skirts, high-waisted shorts or even linen trousers by day, and wear with miniskirts and barely-there sandals by night.A kaftan doesn’t have to be covered in tassels, little mirrors or embroidery to say ‘summer’. Make an oversized shirt or even a minimal robe your next cover-up of choice.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is there anything more glorious than stashing your trainers/wellies under the bed and getting stuck into your sandal wardrobe? It’s taken what feels like forever for summer to arrive - and the daily torture of seeing strangers on Instagram posting pictures of flip-flops on the beach and sexy leather sliders in the city hasn’t exactly been a barrel of laughs - but now’s the time to get a pedicure. Sandal season is officially here.Now, all you have to worry about is finding exactly the right pair. No pressure. There are the ‘naked’ sandals, with their straps that look like silly string and a huge Instagram following, as well as the Nineties mule, a single-strap sandal often with a stack heel that can’t help but provide flashbacks to Sex and the City. Then you’ve got your comfortable, less Carrie-ish, options - the flatforms, the wedges and the sliders. Whatever tickles your fancy, remember - we’ll only have hot weather for two months tops. Make the most of it. A mermaid out of water 🧜‍♀️ Gracias @mango and @elle_spain for having me at the #beaHERO dinner yesterday night 💪🏻 @criscontracancerA post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on May 31, 2019 at 1:00am PDTThe barely-there sandal practically needs no introduction. It's a hit with the influencer set, is all over the high street and is super flattering on the foot. Sold. Summer Heat  @mytheresa.comA post shared by  Linda Tol (@lindatol_) on Jun 19, 2019 at 4:31am PDTMules are your go-anywhere sandal this summer. Choose something with a comfortable block heel and thick strap across the foot and they'll be no need for an emergency run to Boots for blister plasters. Roaming around the white city like Tony Soprano @bottegaveneta #daniellee #ostuni 📸 @laurencetooleyA post shared by  Tiffany Hsu (@handinfire) on Jun 15, 2019 at 11:49pm PDTThe flatform is your best friend is your feet can't take the heat of heels (no judgement). Choose a chunky track-sole and dad details like big buckles, or go elegant with woven raffia. Ready for a little swim (and yes that s the colour of my calves rn 👍🏼), but still winter outside #slidebrunnner #fromwhereisockA post shared by  Veronika Heilbrunner (@veronikaheilbrunner) on Apr 4, 2019 at 9:45am PDTRubber pool sliders are still all the rage, but there are also more office-appropriate propositions this summer. Look for details like buckles and twisted leather.Wedge sandals can be all kinds of scary, but not if you look for cool Nineties quirks like perspex straps and barely-there straps.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Most summer trends are fairly predictable. White dresses, floral prints, off-shoulder necklines – you know the drill. Every so often, fashion throws a curveball, which hits us straight between the eyes. Thankfully, the latest curveball is soft, sheer and almost irresistibly pretty. Usually reserved for wedding dresses, organza can currently be seen in multiple locations. Miu Miu, Zara (its presence is very strong in Zara) and, of course, on Instagram.Last month, in fact, Zara's organza blouses were quite literally the talk of the town, selling out rapidly thanks to a wealth of articles and Instagram posts dedicated to extolling their virtues. But the high street brand has more than just blouses – everything from organza trench coats to skirts have already sold out, but there are more sheer pieces arriving all the time.Away from Zara, there's a number of pretty pieces that just go to show how underrated this fabric has been for so long. Ganni's tiered dress, for example, or Miu Miu's baby pink shirt.Then, there's Boden's midi skirt, Rejina Pyo's wonderful blazer and Maje's sugary shirt dress. The best way to wear organza is with a mix of textures. Zara's blouses, for example, look excellent with denim, tucked in and paired with flat sandals. It's also a fabric that proves to be versatile in terms of styling – Miu Miu's shirt could be worn buttoned up over a cami, or open as a jacket over a sun dress.Organza for summer? It's genuinely groundbreaking.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It might be all about #Jophie - that’s newlyweds Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner for the uninitiated – who got married last weekend in the south of France, but Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra weren’t totally upstaged this week. The couple appeared arm in arm at Monday’s Dior show, looking remarkably fresh-faced considering the weekend’s festivities.Chopra chose a sweeping, Seventies-style gown with a keyhole cut-out by Dior for the occasion, saying she needed something ‘cool’ for the sweltering Paris temperatures. ‘It was exquisite,’ she said about the 65-look couture collection. ‘Everything was beautiful. Each piece was something I wanted on me. Right, bubs?’ she said, turning to her husband. ‘So beautiful.’ Bubs!Maria Grazia Chiuri, Dior’s Italian creative director who often turns to artists and thinkers to inform her clothes and was awarded France's Legion d'Honneur after the show, used the work of writer Bernard Rudofsky as her starting point. There were slogan T-shirts, this time bearing the question ‘Are Clothes Modern?’, nipped-in blazers and, naturally, all manner of gowns. Chopra was particularly taken with a coal-black, feathered confection. She called it, ‘the one that stuck in my mind’, ‘Whether or not it’s comfortable or not comfortable, you have to feel your best,’ she said of how she chooses what to wear.The actress has already had a show-stopping moment with Dior this year. She wore a silvery gown with a caged bodice and cape of rainbow feathers for the Met Gala, which required a team of 10 and a staggering 1,500 hours to create. As for what she wore to Jophie’s wedding - only Instagram will tell us all in good time.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)They may only be a small accessory, but the right pair of sunglasses can land a big impact. And with summer just around the corner, now's the perfect time to consider picking up a new pair. But first, you need to discover which styles are making waves this season...A cult classic in the sunglasses world, the aviator frame has long been associated with street style credentials and cool-girl vibes. No wonder then, that one of this season's trends is the modernised version of the aviator lens: think a thin double metal frame and detachable side spoilers cut from a perforated metal, just like this pair from Max Mara. We love.Made famous in the '90s by supermodels and celebrities alike, the slim style frame has long been an iconic fashion statement, and now it's making a return. For a modern update, look for frames that boast thinness but with a soft oval edge. We're obsessed with Max Mara’s narrow rimless sunglasses, which are minimalistic, glamorous and totally flattering.Fact: oversized sunglasses never go out of style, that's why it's a smart move to arm yourself with a pair that'll see you through the years. Opt for a style that boasts glorious curves, modern metal (gold is in this season) and ombré-hued lenses, like these dreamy shades from Max Mara. Be warned though: once you've put these on, you'll never want to take them off.Shop these frames at Max Mara and via our shopping gallery below:Credit: Juli BallaSunglasses Trends 2019 To Shop2of3© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nobody does Couture Week in Paris like Céline Dion but nothing, nothing compares to her latest look, which has officially won the internet.The original singer of My Heart Will Go On - a song that you have, without doubt, listened to while crying into a tub of Haagen Dazs at least once - just proved she has a better sense of humor than all of us by stepping out in a replica of the heart of the ocean necklace which featured in the same 1997 film which has become part of the singer's legacy.We have so many questions: is this the actual necklace from the film as worn by Kate Winslet or an imitation? Does this mean the old woman didn't drop it into the ocean in the end? Truthfully, it's all just too much for a Wednesday afternoon: we weren't prepared to witness an iconic fashion moment and simultaneously be hit with all of the 90's nostalgia feelings.Leaving the Hotel De Crillon, Dion accessorised the heart of the ocean necklace with a T-shirt reading 'I Love Paris' (with 'Hilton' scrawled underneath), some seriously angular frames and a boyfriend-fit grey Vetements blazer. There wasn't a soaked Leonardo Di Caprio in sight - but that doesn't mean we're not now petitioning for a Céline Dion-based reality TV show now...Credit: Instagram/@celinedionIf you're hungry while walking past a hot dog truck dressed head to toe in Versace, go ahead and get one. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionEven if you post them on Instagram afterwards. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionEven if you're not quite as famous as Celine Dion, her bold attitude to posing in public is a life skill worth picking up. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionAnyone can create a perfect façade of a flawless life on Instagram, what people really want to see is the real deal. Like this picture of Celine Dion in the studio. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionJust performed at the Colloseum in Vegas? Or achieved some other work milestone? Go ahead a post a fabulous picture of you in the moment. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionPosing at Disneyland Paris, Dion looks more excited that her children. This is how we should embrace all outings – with child-like glee. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionPosing is out, candid snaps staring at flowers in a vase on a plane in a Gucci dress are in. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionJust throw yourself onto a trunk in a hallway if you feel like it. Credit: Instagram/@celinedionWant to wear a a Sies Marjan suit with fluffy Manolo Blahnik slipper shoes and oversized DSquared2 sunglasses on a plane? Go for it. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's white, rather dotty and everywhere you damn well look. Not Boris Johnson, but a £39.99, ankle-sweeping dress from Zara. It’s got its own Instagram account – the snappily-named @hot4thespot, dedicated to cataloguing its appearance in ‘the wild’ – and it really is ubiquitous. I’ve clocked at least one person wearing it every day over the past few weeks, while Lauren Bravo, writer of this parish, recently tweeted: ‘So far I have seen four different women in that black and white Zara polka dot dress. If I spot a fifth I think I get a free prosecco.’ It figures. You see, every summer there’s a hit dress, often something with sleeves that sweeps down to the mid-calf and has a tendency to sell-out. It’s super comfortable and also reliable.‘They’re so versatile,’ says Tank’s fashion director – and regular street style star – Caroline Issa. ‘From the office, just add a belt, some major earrings and a great pair of heels and you’re ready to paint the town red. A good dress does all the talking for you.’ She’s such a fan –she admits that 40 per cent of her wardrobe is made up of dresses – that she’s collaborated with Next's Label/Mix to produce a seven-piece capsule that includes six fabulously printed frocks that most definitely tick the versatile box. The collection, which launches today, is inspired by archive prints and Caroline’s stash of vintage dresses. There’s something for everyone - from the cinch-waist, puffed-sleeved number to comfy wrap dresses - and the patterns are instant happy-makers.But don't panic if you're a block colour kind of person. A printed number is just one of your options. The ultimate summer dress, according to Issa, ‘needs to be lightweight, no-fuss and high-impact’. Here are our five key styles for now:BUY: Arket, Short Ruffled Dress, £79A modern mini dress is actually a very good idea for most body shapes. It nips in below the bust, flares out over the bum and cuts off at that flattering mid-point on your thigh. The Danish designer Cecilie Bahnsen is the market leader in tiered minis that look like wearable meringues. Style with chunky flatform sandals.BUY: Caroline Issa x Label/Mix, Floral Shirt Dress, £109A printed dress is a wardrobe staple in summer. What else will disguise grass/sangria stains? Caroline’s come patterned with blossoms, but you can take your pick from checks, suns or polka dots on the high street.BUY: Rouje, Robe Gabin, £150The Duchess of Cambridge is a fan, and you probably already have one in your wardrobe. Yup it’s official, the wrap is staying put for summer 2019. The French label Rouje’s sellout Gabin is always a safe bet - if you can get your hands on one - but Kitri also does a brisk trade in the style.BUY: Olivia Von Halle, Remy Ivory Silk Nightdress, £310 We’re not advocating a nighty in the office, per se, but for lounging on the beach or wandering through a French market? Nothing could be better. The dresses and robes from Sleeper, Three Graces London and Toast are just as good for getting 50 winks and they are for wafting through summer.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget Royal Ascot and Henley Regatta. When it comes to outfit-spotting at sporting events, our eyes are trained on SW19 for the start of Wimbledon. What better way to kick off proceedings on day two than with an appearance by the Duchess of Cambridge, who chose a short-sleeved white shirt dress by Suzannah to take her seat in court 14 to watch British wildcard Harriet Dart. Luckily for fans, it's available to pre-order now. The colour was certainly on-point - the players at Wimbledon have to wear tennis whites - and she accessorised with a straw top-handle bag and bow belt by her go-to designer, Alexander McQueen.The dress’s hemline is what we’re really interested in. Kate used to be a knee-length kind of gal - and last year wore bright yellow and bang-on-the-knee Dolce & Gabbana to sit in the stands - but she’s recently discovered that sweet spot on the mid-calf. She wore a knee-covering number by Sandro yesterday for an event at Hampton Court, a similarly sweeping design by Ridley London for a charity event late last month, and mid-calf-length Elie Saab for Royal Ascot.Her piece de resistance at Wimbledon? Not a glass of Pimm’s, but subtly cat’s eye sunglasses by Ray Ban. If you are headed for SW19, or any bbq/picnic/garden party this month, just remember - you can choose both.Check out these unlikely celebrity pairings from Wimbledons past...Credit: ShutterstockMaybe Kate is getting a few tennis tips from the retired British player? Credit: ShutterstockWas David hustling for spot on the Met Gala guest list...Credit: ShutterstockThe perks of being a royal in-law: there's always a spot in the royal box with your name on it...Credit: ShutterstockJust two extremely well-dressed Oscar nominees, having a chat...Credit: ShutterstockThe Dowager Countess of Grantham and Gandalf take a summer day trip...Credit: ShutterstockPippa and James made their Wimbledon debut as a married couple last year.Credit: ShutterstockWe can only wonder what Anna thought of Bradley's off-duty look...Credit: ShutterstockIt's only natural that Queen B would land a seat in the royal box, after all...Credit: ShutterstockThe Beckham boys (minus Brooklyn) enjoyed a family day out.Credit: ShutterstockOne row behind Kate and Wills, you'll spot Mayor of London Sadiq Khan...Credit: Andy Hooper / Daily Mail/ShutterstockPerfect spot the celeb fodder: look close and you'll spot Benedict Cumberbatch and wife Sophie Hunter, Lily James, Bradley Cooper, Irina Shayk, Hugh Grant and former PM David Cameron...Credit: ShutterstockAnother sibling day out for the Middletons.Credit: ShutterstockWe can only hope that Chrissy live tweeted the whole match...Credit: ShutterstockRewind to the summer of 2015, when Drake was doing the tennis HAB thing and attending each and every Serena Williams match... Credit: ShutterstockThose facial expressions could be straight out of a Renaissance painting...Credit: ShutterstockKeira and husband James opt for co-ordinating navy blue looks. Credit: ShutterstockThree national treasures in the same frame.Credit: ShutterstockAvengers assemble on Centre Court...Credit: ShutterstockOh to be a fly on the wall of the royal box when Victoria Beckham and Samuel L Jackson were deep in conversation...Credit: ShutterstockThe model, the Oscar nominee and the survival expert...Credit: ShutterstockPippa enjoyed a chat with former heptathlete and BBC pundit Denise.Credit: ShutterstockAt Wimbledon 2013, a new Hollywood bromance was born...Credit: ShutterstockA rare sighting of the Middleton sisters...Credit: ShutterstockAs ever, the Beckhams proved their mastery of co-ordinated couples dressing (though this time no leather was involved...)Credit: ShutterstockAnd lo, the random Wimbledon celebrity generator produced... the then-leader of the Lib Dems, a tennis legend and the Princess of Genovia! Credit: ShutterstockThe ultimate royal wave...Maybe Kate is getting a few tennis tips from the retired British player? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You’ve rewatched the Paul Bettany/Kirsten Dunst rom-com; you’ve been building up your Pimm’s tolerance and you’ve bought a hand-held fan. Such happenings can only mean one thing. Wimbledon. Is. Here.Yes, the matches might be the main event, but outfit-spotting in the green stands has become a great spectator sport. And while there isn’t a strict dress code unless you’re taking a seat in the royal box, it’s a brilliant chance to dress up. You don’t have to go full on frock-and-fascinator - this isn’t Ladies Day at Royal Ascot - but do be warned that the TV cameras do tend to pan around Centre Court when the players are towelling themselves down.Luckily, there’s plenty of celebrity inspiration to draw on. Anna Wintour, personal friend of the Federers, is always present and correct in a printed dress, while the Duchess of Sussex made a case for smart ticker stripes last year. Keep reading for the seven lessons to learn before you step foot in SW19.The best way to stand out from the crowd is with a bolt-from-the-blue shade of, er, banana. The Duchess of Cambridge’s sunshine-coloured Dolce & Gabbana sheath dress ticked all the right boxes back in 2018.It pays to remember that only your top half will be seen when you’re sitting in the stands. Sienna Miller’s fabulously tasselled, shoulder-grazing earrings are attention-grabbing in the best sense. J.Crew and Mango have the jazziest selection on the high street.This is London so be warned that the weather can turn at any moment. Alexa Chung’s short-sleeved summer knit is the perfect solution. Button Rouje’s lilac number over a wafty summer dress and you’re good to go.Anna Wintour's signature look - a short-sleeved printed dress paired with a two-string crystal necklace - is perfect for taking in the tennis. Don’t forget to supersize your shades. Valentino’s curvaceous V-logo frames are just the ticket.The actor’s simple navy T-shirt dress was a masterclass in how to do stealth chic in the stands. COS has a wealth of minimal navy options, including a sleeveless and super airy tent dress, and a sweet belted shirt-waister. Note that a cross-body Chanel handbag is always a good idea.This is one of our favourite Meghan looks. Period. The striped shirt, the wide-leg trousers, the straw hat - it’s a head-turningly good combination.Thandie Newton knows the power of a good print clash. Check out the daffodils mixed with the monochrome striped platform sandals. Try’s Kitri polka dot frock with LK Bennett’s gingham slingbacks.SHOP: The prettiest dresses and jumpsuits to wear to Wimbledon© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I’ve come to the conclusion that, for something I wear every single day, I do not give enough consideration to my underwear. Fear not – I’m not about to launch into an intimate account of the contents of my knicker drawer, but I do want to remind everyone of the brilliance of M&S undies. I say this as a die-hard M&S fan, sure, but also one who has been largely unfaithful of late, choosing underwear from seemingly sexier brands. I’m not too proud to admit that was a foolhardy decision because if there’s one thing I’ve discovered in the last year (and I hope there has been at least one thing. Self improvement and all that) it’s that you really can’t beat a pair of M&S knickers.Clearly, I’m not the only person who has discovered this fact. M&S sells over 60 million pairs of knickers every year, which equates to about two every second. In terms of sales, the summer is the most fruitful season, with M&S reporting a peak in knicker sales from from May through to August. While I knew that the high street shop had a loyal and unwavering fan base, that’s an impressive amount of knickers. Interestingly, one of the current best-selling styles is actually the latest addition to the lingerie collection – the Miami. It’s a high-rise style, designed to make your legs look longer, which has become a huge trend across both underwear and swimwear in the last couple of years. Available in lace, bright colours, animal print, and plain styles, it’s also only £6.There is, obviously, a wealth of options to choose from, including full briefs, thongs and French knickers, all available from sizes 6-28, making it one of the more inclusive options on the high street. There has also been a slight shift recently in the images M&S is using to promote its underwear, with the brand posting some lovely images to Instagram of a mid-size model. While that doesn’t sound particularly groundbreaking, it feels genuinely refreshing to see the representation of a woman’s body that differs from the usual, super-slim bodies we’re all so used to seeing.The bras are similarly brilliant, and it would be remiss of me not to mention M&S’ bralets. I was first alerted to their excellence by my friend Tory, who said that she, like me, would never normally have considered something with so little support. What she – and in turn, I – discovered was that the bralets are surprisingly supportive and exponentially more comfortable than anything underwired or more structured. Again, they’re very affordable, with some on offer for less than £10.It may have taken a while, but I finally realised the power of a great pair of knickers. More than that, I realised that the best of them all come from M&S. My mum would be proud.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if you’re bored to tears by all the workwear in your wardrobe? The dresses are all tight in all the wrong places and come in sinfully dull shades of grey, navy and black. Not Cefinn’s. Mia has delicately slashed sleeves, an on-point handkerchief hem and flatteringly cinched waist. Amber has contrast panels of blush and crimson, while Lauren has a chic funnel neck and hits that sweet spot just above the ankle. Beautiful @humfleming in our Yasmin Maxi Cross Over Dress; tap to shop. #cefinnA post shared by  Cefinn (@cefinnstudio) on Jun 22, 2019 at 9:29am PDTIt figures that the woman behind the brand has had a lifetime’s worth of power dress moments. Samantha Cameron wore Preen by Thornton Bregazzi when her husband resigned as prime minister, and navy-pink-and-orange Roksanda to leave Downing Street. What made her want to start her own label just a year later in 2017? "I wanted to create a brand that was modern and effortless," she says simply. "I saw a gap in the market for quality pieces that could see you through a busy day and out for dinner after work." A super-easy fit, this dress has a low V-neck and gathering at the bust, which suits all figures 💥 tap to shop. #cefinnA post shared by  Cefinn (@cefinnstudio) on Jun 11, 2019 at 3:03pm PDTThe clothes at Cefinn, and not just the dresses, certainly fit that brief. The high-necked Erin blouse, with its smart ticker-stripe pattern, could be tucked into the wide-leg Courtney trousers and worn with loafers for work. Add a chunky gold choker, switch the flats for block-heeled mules, and you’re ready for a (gastro)pub garden. The sleeveless Sadie dress, available in soft pink, scarlet and black, is very similar to the kind of dress Samantha wore during her Number 10 years, when every public appearance was pored-over by the press and she worked closely with stylist Isabel Spearman. ‘Being on the more petite side, I am often worried that long dresses will overpower me. However, this style fits in all the right places. It's truly versatile and the emerald colour speaks for itself.’ -- @eniswardrobe // Tap to shop. #cefinn 💚A post shared by  Cefinn (@cefinnstudio) on Jun 4, 2019 at 10:52am PDTShe’s now more likely to be waving from the school gates than at her constituency’s polling station - and says that life as a working mother has had a marked effect on Cefinn. "I’m always running from the school drop-off to an event or a board meeting, and need to be wearing clothes that are versatile and chic." This also explains why she’s put so much time into finding the right fabrics. Working mothers don’t have enough time to see their friends, let alone pop to the dry cleaner every week. More than half of Cefinn’s clothes are made from Techi Voile, a fabric that is - praise be! - machine-washable and crease-resistant.In terms of fabrics and sustainability, Samantha acknowledges that there's no such thing as a ‘quick-fix’: "Our pieces are sustainable in that they’re high quality, classic and will be in your wardrobe for a long time," she says, adding, "Technology will have to solve many of these sustainability issues. Nothing will really happen until customers put pressure on businesses who in turn put pressure on suppliers and so on, with the factories and fabric mills investing long-term in technological advances." RED HOT // One of our best-ever sellers, the Sadie Dress, has a super-flattering scoop neck that suits all body shapes. Tap to shop. #cefinnA post shared by  Cefinn (@cefinnstudio) on Jun 3, 2019 at 8:21am PDTAnother hot topic around the Cameron dinner table is surely Brexit. What does Samantha think about British fashion? "There a huge amount of innovation and creativity. London style is so varied and consumers aren’t afraid to make bold decisions," she says. @katherine_ormerod in our Houndstooth blazer; tap to shop. #cefinnA post shared by  Cefinn (@cefinnstudio) on Jun 10, 2019 at 5:48am PDTWhat's clear is that Cefinn has given Samantha personality as well as purpose. She’s no longer ‘the wife of former prime minister David Cameron’, but a designer and start-up business owner, although it’s true that her family isn’t far from her mind at work. "The name Cefinn itself is based on my childrens initials, I love having a little part of them embedded in the brand."© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...So vivid is the world of provocative Parisian glamour that Carine Roitfeld has conjured over the past 30 years that you might imagine she spends her evenings doing something deliciously, ridiculously French. Like reading Balzac in her lingerie. Or canoodling with a lover in a Le Bank café.Mais non, you are more likely to find Carine in bed with a glass of wine, watching Netflix. ‘Netflix is my new best friend. It’s terrible how addictive it can be,’ she says. ‘I always have a crush on the actors. I have so many in the past year you can’t imagine; I’m not very faithful, my crush always changing,’ she adds with a flash of the devilish humour that runs through her work and conversation. Currently in Florence, she can’t get the sixth series of her latest binge-watch, The Blacklist, in Italy, which is probably no bad thing considering the mammoth scale of the task in hand. She’s here for the debut CR Runway show, which means 90 looks to fit, a host of supermodels to keep happy, and an audience of 3,700 to entertain.Nine years after she departed Vogue Paris, where she was editor-in-chief for a decade, Carine continues to be one of fashion’s busiest and most influential players, translating her heady blend of brazen sexuality and haute bourgeois gloss to myriad projects. She has her own magazine, CR Fashion Book, and has created collections for Uniqlo and MAC; she consults for brands like Tom Ford (together they were responsible for shaving a G into a model’s pubic hair in the infamous advert from his Gucci days); and last year she launched her own fragrance collection. No wonder she struggles with the ‘occupation’ section of a form. ‘What can I say?’ she shrugs. ‘It’s difficult!’ Her latest venture is CR Runway, an annual show bringing together different designers, co-founded with her son Vladimir Restoin Roitfeld (she also has a daughter, Julia, who is equally indefinable – model-It girl-art director). The plan is that, each year, a different city will host the event; this Florence extravaganza is a collaboration with iconic Italian store LuisaViaRoma, in celebration of its 90th anniversary.CR Runway’s blockbuster cast – Gigi, Bella, Irina – is testament not only to Carine’s star pulling power, but the affection she garners in the industry. Tonight, a ‘stressed’ Paris Jackson has agreed to make her catwalk debut for her; Lara Stone has been coaxed into latex, which she hates. Disarmingly warm with a passion for championing young talent, it’s not hard to see why she’s a hit with the girls. The feeling’s mutual: ‘I’ve never been jealous of models. I love these girls, even though I’m not model age now.’Unbelievably, she’s 64 to be precise. Barre, facials with Hervé Hérau and good genes are her secrets, although, ‘I think the best recipe is beauty sleep, non?’ Breakfast is ‘an espresso and a cigarette. Sometimes a croissant.’ Now that is ridiculously French. Still, how does it feel to be in your sixties in an industry that fetishises youth? ‘I don’t say I’m not happy when photographer calls my name and asks for picture because I know it’s not forever! Fashion people, they’re not so faithful, even though I am a very faithful person, they want new blood all the time,’ she says. She has, however, only grown in confidence with age. ‘I’m much better as a date to go for dinner than when I was 18. Then, I was invited to be like beautiful flowers at the table because I was very good-looking and fresh. Now they invite me because they know sitting by me is going to be more fun. I’ve become smarter, wiser and nicer with age.’She’s also a grandmother to seven-year-old Romy, Julia’s daughter, whom she spoils and shows pictures of all day long. Romy has, she laughs, inherited ‘the same bad taste as the grandmother, she likes leopard, glitter shoes’. Most would dispute her definition of ‘bad taste’; with her unapologetically sexy, sharp style, Carine’s look is so precise that she almost resembles a fashion illustration of Carine Roitfeld (and there’s definitely nothing ‘granny’ about it). Today, that means white high-waisted Balenciaga jeans – like most of us, she finds jeans a ‘nightmare’ to buy, and has hers shortened to show a flash of ankle – a black Alaïa top and those signature kohl-rimmed eyes, hidden behind her hair. A recent operation means she can’t wear heels any more. ‘What about those?’ I ask, gesturing towards her Louis Vuitton sandals, with several inches of block heel. ‘Aah, my work heels,’ she says with a grin.The secret is to know what works for you. She would never wear a ‘total look’ because she doesn’t like to ‘belong’ to a designer. And the non-stop pace of fashion today, of constant travel and always being on a plane, have forced her to streamline her wardrobe: ‘My best friend, along with Netflix, is my trolley. I learn to travel light.’ It was her dear friend Karl Lagerfeld who encouraged Carine to keep moving, trying new things and to be fearless. ‘He told me: “Madame Roitfeld, everything you’re doing, even if it’s wrong, no one is to do it before you. You have to be the first. Never an editor launched perfume? Do it. Never anyone did such a big show? Do it.” He liked to be the first one all the time.’ Karl was, she points out, the first designer to collaborate with H&M and Carine possesses the same democratic urge. She loves that the CR Runway audience will include students from local schools, so that the show is ‘not just for the same people who see 20 shows a day and are very blasé’.What if someone watching is inspired to get a job in fashion – what advice would she give? ‘People sometimes think fashion is about just going to the shows,’ she says. ‘It’s a lot of work. It’s a physical job, and you have to love it because there is no weekend in fashion.’ She is, however, keen to let the next generation know one thing. ‘Even though The Devil Wears Prada was fun, we’re not bitchy all the time. I carry my things myself. I get my espresso myself. Me, I am a nice person because I’m a happy person and love what I’m doing. Fashion is to be in a dream.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s fair to say that Henrietta Rix and Orlagh McCloskey were not typical students. Their living room wasn’t populated with the expected debris from a rowdy night out, instead it was littered with fabric, sketches and the first pieces of a puzzle that would eventually fit together to become Rixo. “We lived together at uni and then we set up Rixo from our uni house,” says Rix. “And we hadn’t got a clue where to start or what to do. But we knew we needed a business plan. We were Googling ‘how to start a fashion brand’. So we got our name, and then registered at Companies House and then from that we then thought right, okay, we’ve actually done it now, we’ve quit our jobs, we need to set up and get going.”The pair met at university in London, where they became fast friends, business partners and surrogate sisters to one another. Both worked for a year at ASOS, where a lack of passion for the work they were doing there galvanised them into action – they left, with not much of a plan, but an idea of what they wanted to do. “We realised very quickly that there is a way more sustainable way of working,” says McCloskey. “We also saw the value in cutting out all the middle men so you could offer an amazing price to your customer.”Indeed, Rixo has tapped into the mid-market sweet spot that was neglected for so long. In the last few years, we’ve seen a hoard of new brands emerge, offering beautiful, stylish clothes for a competitive price. And Rixo is one of the leading lights, worn by countless influencers on Instagram, as well as celebrities from Holly Willoughby to Sandra Bullock – such is the broad appeal of Rixo’s distinctive designs. “I think Sandra Bullock was a really cool moment,” says Rix. “I was like, oh my god, we actually painted that print in our kitchen and she’s now wearing it.”Such overwhelming success is not without a price, however. “We have literally put everything else in our lives on hold,” says Rix. “We don’t have boyfriends, we don’t have social lives really. Everyone’s like, ‘oh there’s so many parties’, we get invited to those but we just don’t go because we’re genuinely working. But I think we’re building something up that is so solid for the future and we don’t want investors, we don’t want to take people’s money just because we want to be in control of everything we do. We have the final say, and we just go with our gut, like what we think is truly right.” Yellow dream ✨🥂🍋! ARIEL looking 👌🏼on #humansofrixo @lpeopleswagner #streetstyle #yellow #milan #chicA post shared by  RIXO (@rixo) on May 19, 2019 at 7:56am PDTIn the beginning, Rix and McCloskey were living off beans on toast, spending every single minute of their free time working on Rixo, shuttling back and forth from the Post Office just so that they could fulfill orders. “Orla and I were just meeting as many people as possible,” says Rix. “Even when a new restaurant opened in London, we’d take a rail and stand there all day and just meet customers. Just get talking to people, or if there were any summer street fairs, we’d go there. We even went to lawyers’ offices and stood there all day – we’d have a little pop up and we just started to spread the word organically. That’s kind of how we built it up.” Retailers soon came knocking, keen to get their hands on Rixo’s inventive prints, now seen on everything from midi dresses to swimwear.Net-a-Porter, Saks and boutiques across the world now stock Rixo, which is only getting bigger. But as there are no outside investors, Rix and McCloskey control every aspect of the business, including the Instagram account. “While we’ve grown the brand via wholesale marketing, Instagram’s allowed us to have a complete direct connection with our consumer,” says Rix. “ I read every single Instagram post, get back to every single DM – it’s all me and it’s something that I just naturally do 24/7 on my phone. In the inbox, we could have a message from an influencer or it could be a customer that doesn’t know what bra size to wear under a dress. It could be like a husband that wants to buy something for his wife but doesn’t know what to get… it’s the kind of customer who is talking to us inside out, and our community on Instagram is so strong because of that.” KERRY 🖤 our off the should polka dot number seen here on #humansofrixo @jessicaroselambregts in AntwerpA post shared by  RIXO (@rixo) on Jun 20, 2019 at 6:15am PDTIn the past year, the brand has launched bags, swimwear and seen great success with two collaborations – one with Laura Jackson and one with Parisian cool girl Sabina Socol. Everything is still designed by Rix and McCloskey and made in a family-run factory in China that the pair has been working with since the beginning. But, like most brands today, sustainability is a major focus for Rixo. “The consumer that’s coming up now, they just expect brands to be conscious,” says Rix. “With us, we cut out all the middle men and we don’t ship things all over the world, we do it all in one place. We also don’t follow trends at all. Some of my favorite pieces from Rixo are literally from our first ever collection and it still looks as good as new now. And we want Rixo to be future vintage. We want people to wear our clothes over and over again.” So the time has FINALY come to announce my collaboration with @rixolondon ! Orlagh, Henrietta and I have designed a capsule collection exclusively for @netaporter with the full range including scrunchies and bags available at Rixo.co.uk on SEPTEMBER 24th. I am so so exited for everyone to see what I’ve been working on for the past year and I can’t wait to see you all in the pieces! I’ve been a HUGE RIXO fan for many years so this feels very special #rixoxlaurajacksonA post shared by  Laura Jackson (@iamlaurajackson) on Sep 3, 2018 at 2:03am PDTRix says she and McCloskey have a plan to launch Rixo Vintage, which will allow customers to trade their old Rixo pieces for something new, or a discount in-store. “We need to get all the logistics right,” says Rix. “But we see it as the future, and it’s a way more sustainable way of working.” There’s also more swimwear on the way, as well as the brand’s foray into knitwear, launching at the end of July. On the Kings Road in London, there’s currently a Rixo pop-up shop, which Rix says is a surreal experience. “It sounds cringey but every time I go in, I feel like I need to pinch myself. It’s just so nice to see it busy – there’s loads of different customers of different ages, all helping each other and chatting about the clothes. It’s lovely.” Dotty for RIXO in Paris ❤️🌾 Spot our Chanel top (left) and Mathilda dress (right) on our French #humansofrixo #paris #streetstyleA post shared by  RIXO (@rixo) on Jun 24, 2019 at 12:19pm PDTWith a growing fan base and big plans for the future, it doesn’t look like Rix and McCloskey will be able to slow down any time soon – not that they want to. But it’s worth it, Rix says, for the kick they both get out of seeing people in their designs. “It’s incredible to see people that have actually parted with their own hard-earned cash to buy something from us, and then they’re just wearing it in their normal, day-to-day life. That really is the biggest kick Orla and I get, out of everything. It is obviously amazing to see celebrities wear it. But it means just as much to us to see when its someone that you don’t expect or someone you randomly bump into. Old school friends have started to send me messages saying they’ve just seen Rixo on their train – even guys have started to recognise it! It’s completely mad.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How's your Friday going? Mine started as most Fridays do – with a reluctant sigh as the realisation hits that there's still one more day to get through before the blessed relief of the weekend. It has, however, been somewhat transformed into something entirely more uplifting, and all thanks to one Céline Dion, otherwise known as the last remaining human embodiment of joy.For as I type these very words, I do so to the strains of John Travolta telling the world, and me, that he has chills. And those chills are multiplying. And if you thought you looked good at that Grease fancy dress party you went to in (insert any year ever since 1978), then you ain't seen nothing yet, kids. Céline sees our basic bitch black lycra and Amazon Primed Pink Lady jackets and she raises us all a Chanel catsuit.Yes, in Paris, outside an elegant hotel, Céline proved that she is the only person in the world who can not only wear a skin-tight Chanel one-piece, complete with logo belt, but somehow make it seem low-key and effortless. Low-key it is anything but, however, considering that the look is fresh from the Spring 2019 collection – belt sold separately.Do I have anything profound to say about this, other than the fact that, whatever happens, today will always be known as the day Céline Dion made me feel happiness while reading the news? No, I do not. But considering my usual feelings while scanning a day's headlines, this in itself is no mean feat. And I am, and forever will be, hopelessly devoted to Céline Dion.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...TK Maxx has long been a treasure trove of excellent fashion, accessories and homeware on our very own high street. I've lost count of the times I've spotted friends in designer pieces, only to be told it's the fruit of their latest trip to TK Maxx. Now, more than ever, we're all looking for clothes that are well made and will really last the test of time, plus it can be tricky to know what to do with clothes when we no longer wear them. Thankfully, TK Maxx has that covered, too.The Give Up Clothes For Good campaign has been raising money for Cancer Research UK for Children & Young People for the past 15 years, working with some famous faces to help generate over £32.5 million (including cash donations). This year, here at Grazia, we've joined forces with TK Maxx to help this incredible cause. And, as you'll be making a whole lot of space in your wardrobe, we thought we'd ask the experts how exactly to make the most of TK Maxx's brilliant deals in order to replace some of the clothes you're so generously donating.With that in mind, Deborah Dolce, SVP, Group Brand & Marketing Director of TK Maxx, shared all of her tips to help you shop the best of the deals in-store. So, here's how to approach The Maxx (as absolutely nobody is calling it) and bagsy some of the best designer discounts on offer...'To some people, our stores look a little bit haphazard or overwhelming – certainly different from traditional stores. But if you love a bargain and want current styles and great quality, we believe it’s worth getting past that first impression and shopping with an open mind because you never know what you might find. In fact, lots of customers tell us that they come in for one thing and leave with armfuls of goodies. We are proud of our bright, modern stores with all the fashion displayed by size and home by category because our no frills approach helps us pass on spectacular savings on amazing brands.''TK Maxx is an off-price retailer and for us, value is a combination of brand, fashion, price and quality. Our stores are as flexible as we are – we have no walls between departments, so we can easily expand and contract merchandise categories to respond to the newest trends and changing customer tastes. It is the bright, modern stores, and our lean, no-frills way of working that helps us to pass savings of up to 60% less than the RRP onto the customer.''Unlike other types of retailers that buy seasonally, we buy throughout the year and so have new brand name and designer products arriving several times a week with every delivery containing thousands of items. Our rapidly changing assortments create the treasure hunt experience that our customers love and all the product goes straight onto the floor (no stock rooms here!) so it’s best to drop by often so you don’t miss out. Remember, once it’s gone, it’s gone.''Our buyers travel the globe throughout the year on the hunt for the hottest brand names and designer products of the season. We buy from all kinds of vendors – big names and designer labels, top brands, up-and-coming labels and vendors known for stylish fashion and exciting gems. Our buyers are opportunistic and negotiate the lowest possible price in order to pass the savings on.' Basically, this means that there are new products all the time, from all sorts of different, well-known designer names. So, it's definitely worth a trip to your local store (or online) as there's new stock every single day. Also, it's worth noting that TK Maxx has a Gold Label collection, which is exclusively made up of the very best designer names and, consequently, has some of the most incredible discounts.  'We don’t hold replenishment product in our stock rooms and often the store managers don’t even know what’s coming until they throw open the delivery lorry doors. That’s what makes us so exciting to shop. The amount we buy of each brand varies greatly – sometimes we buy a little and at other times, we may buy a lot. What matters is that we think our customers will love the products and the prices.''Our stores and the website receive several fresh deliveries every week – often daily - and all product goes straight out. Again, for optimum shopping results, it's best to check in often so that you can find the best deals.''Try not to be specific. Designer dress? K-beauty steals? A copper pan? You never know what treasure you will find, but treasure it will be.''TK Maxx stores are very straightforward in layout so head to a fashion department, where you will find everything displayed by category and size. Or, do a focused shop and just pick one area – somewhere like shoes, bags or home.'While clearing out your wardrobe hardly sounds like a dreamy weekend task, it seems a whole lot more appealing with the knowledge that if you take a bag of your pre-loved clothes, accessories or homewares to your local TK Maxx now, you will be helping to raise money for Cancer Research UK for Children & Young People. As previously mentioned, TK Maxx has been championing Give Up Clothes For Good for the past 15 years, raising over £32.5 million (including cash donations).So, join the club and donate your items, which will also ensure you're not contributing to the 300,000 tonnes of clothes that end up in landfill every year.Read more about Grazia's own efforts to support TK Maxx and Cancer Research UK here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a very effective writer, I decided to approach this piece in my usually intellectual, carefully considered manner. By that, I mean that I stood up at my desk and demanded that the Grazia team tell me their thoughts on shapewear, control pants – or whatever you want to call them. “I thought they’d be my answer to everything,” said Laura Jordan. “They were not. I had to remove them mid-wedding.” Not her wedding, you understand, which would have lent an even more tragic slant to that anecdote. Thus followed a slew of enthusiastic negativity, with my colleagues keen to inform me of their disdain for such products. And it’s probably true of most women; I know many of my friends have a Spanx story, usually involving a lack of oxygen, a need to go to the loo and a very small cubicle.Aside from the physical comfort – or, indeed, lack thereof – is the issue of semantics. Shapewear is traditionally wrapped in a language of control, suppression and reduction. Its intention is to make the wearer smaller, and by implication, better. It is the age-old idea that women should adhere to one body type (slim) and that they should occupy less space. It has been presented, like most underwear, through the male gaze. Heist, however, is one brand looking to change that. Found your shade of nude?A post shared by  Heist Studios (@heiststudios) on Mar 3, 2019 at 2:26pm PSTHeist, for anyone who doesn’t know, is the British brand that reinvented tights. I am not impartial in any way – I am obsessed with them. Unlike most tights (and I have tried so many), they don’t fall down or wrinkle and it’s very difficult to ladder them. Is ladder a verb? It is now. Anyway, having conquered tights, Heist now has its sights set firmly on underwear, having launched its first piece of shapewear last year. Now, it’s launching them in more colours, all designed by Fiona Fairhurst, VP Innovation and inventor of FASTSKIN, which is a full body swimsuit used by Olympic athletes. “I've brought technology from the world of elite athletes to the Superwoman of today which has resulted in functional, breathable and aesthetically beautiful garments that work with the body,” says Fairhurst. “We launched shapewear in November 2018, because innovation in this category was so lacking, and created garments that shape your waist in total comfort thanks to the HeroPanels. The HeroPanels work by mimicking the body's natural support system – the fascia – and this is industry-first innovation in shapewear.”Heist’s shapewear comes in two forms at the moment – The Outer Body (which looks like a leotard) and The High Waist knickers. I have tried both and can personally attest to the fact that neither made me feel like I’m wearing shapewear – it just felt like more supportive underwear. I felt that my posture improved, and I generally felt more held together, as it were. And it’s this, rather than the concept of control or thinness that Fairhurst is keen to emphasise. “Heist exists to serve women by making them feel seen, heard and included with underwear that actually works. We know that women dress for themselves so we're about making them feel good. What we’ve done is create shapewear that does not conform to unrealistic, unnatural ideals – ours is shapewear that smooths and supports with the wearer in mind.” This is our shapewear; this is The Outer Body in Black. Also available in Beige and Brown if you want more colour choice.A post shared by  Heist Studios (@heiststudios) on Feb 26, 2019 at 2:15pm PSTThe brand was founded in 2015 by Toby Darbyshire, following the realisation that existing products in the women’s underwear market just didn’t work. Is it ironic that a man established such a brand for women? Yes. But the brand has genuinely been working to change the way in which underwear is marketed to women. It has also relied on feedback from customers to shape its products, ensuring that they really do work in the way people want them to. “We exist to create products that women want and need,” says Fairhurst. “If we don’t listen we have failed, and we listen to feedback at every step of the development process. We created our shapewear by applying feedback from 1,025 women, who we asked what they wanted to change about shapewear. For us, the innovation process continues even after we have launched a product to ensure we continually deliver the best product experience for our customers. For example, we worked to adjust the leg line of The Outer Body for a closer fit following customer feedback.”It seems baffling that, for something that is worn every day, underwear has experienced limited innovation over the years. Why does Fairhurst think this is? “Women’s underwear design has evolved slowly over time and been heavily influenced by social changes, modesty, fashion, materials and technology. For example, we’ve had what I call "squash and squeeze" products designed for the gaze of others. The change that’s happening now is about not conforming, it's about accepting and providing women with underwear that works whatever shape and size we are. It's a shame that it’s taken so long, but it’s great to see women taking control and having much more available to them in terms of choice.” The Outer Body under sheer? Such a look @spicy.mayo. 🌞A post shared by  Heist Studios (@heiststudios) on May 25, 2019 at 2:32pm PDTWith brands like Savage x Fenty harnessing the power of inclusivity and removing the male gaze completely from lingerie, it feels like we’re finally moving in the right direction. Perhaps part of that shift is the rise of women designing such products for women – Fairhurst included – who actually understand how a product needs to perform. “Women are not static,” says Fairhurst. “We are incredibly dynamic and require underwear that works with us.” During her tenure at Heist, Fairhurst has built an in-house innovation team under the name of Lab12, which she cites as her proudest achievement to date at the company. As well as developing more innovative products, Lab12 is leading the production of “zero impact” products, as Heist works to form its sustainability goals. “These goals go beyond product and will outline how we operate ethically as a business,” says Fairhurst. “We are working based on real science and technology which will take some time, but we have also taken immediate steps such as creating high quality garments that do not fall under "fast fashion" which are washed at low temperatures, and enforcing the use of recyclable and renewable packaging materials. It's the greatest challenge we face but we're on it.”As a British start-up, Heist’s commitment to innovation and engineering, in a space that has for too long been ignored in this way, is admirable to say the least. The debate about whether shapewear is anti-feminist could rage on for eternity, but whatever your stance, it’s clear that Heist is at least looking to change the conversation around the subject. The brand’s shapewear is not about how you look to others, it’s about how you feel. As Fairhurst says, “We have an ongoing commitment to bettering all of women's underwear. 2020 is the year we take on the bra.” Watch this space.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I don’t know if you’ve ever tried to find a pair of really, truly great flat shoes. Short of spending a fortune, it’s actually not that easy. If you need something more supportive than a ballet shoe, your options are limited – mostly to trainers. It’s exactly this sense of frustration that saw Katie Matilda Cary leave her job as a buyer at Fenwick in London and start Rogue Matilda, the brand currently favoured by everyone from Gigi Hadid to Julia Roberts.“I felt that there was a gap in the market for some flats that had all the fun of heels, the craft and credentials of a traditional brogue and the comfort of a trainer,” says Cary. “I took out a small loan to get some samples made and place an initial order, and once I launched online I was blown away by the press I received, the sales that came in and the interest from top retailers in the UK. From there it's just all sort of snowballed over the years, but what I love about owning a small business is that you're involved in every aspect of the company: whether designing, marketing or selling, and that's what makes each day so different and interesting.” Indeed, Cary’s label has experienced incredible success since she launched Rogue Matilda in 2015, thanks to her distinctive designs and playful approach. Each pair of shoes is handmade in the brand’s Portugal factory and, despite the high quality, the prices are all under £200. Our classic suede Rogues: comfortable, feminine and unique 💥 A great place to start for Rogue first-timers...A post shared by  💥 R O G U E   M A T I L D A 💥 (@roguematilda) on Jun 19, 2019 at 12:39am PDT“The factory that I work with in Portugal have been making shoes by hand for generations and pride themselves as artisans in the field. Their skill and knowledge is vast, and as a company I want to be supporting these traditional techniques and at the same time producing a product that feels authentic and unique.” Not only does Cary support traditional modes of production, she’s also more conscious than ever about the need for greater sustainability in the fashion industry. “All the leathers [we use] are sourced from local tanneries as by-products of the meat industry, and soles and laces are also produced locally to keep our carbon footprint minimal. I'm often asked online when we're making a 'vegan leather' range and at the moment we have no plans to as 'vegan leather' is essentially PVC and is nowhere near as durable as the real thing. You would be wearing through the shoes much faster and they would then be hard to recycle. As a brand we encourage people to buy fewer, better quality products, and to resole and care for your shoes along the way. Fast fashion is the biggest problem facing the industry and sustainability at the moment, and I feel that we have to move away from this modern mentality of wearing clothes a couple of times and then throwing them away. Personally, I shop vintage a lot and resell a lot of my clothes on eBay, but I would never buy second hand shoes.” Ending the year on an epic high - the talented and beautiful Rachel McAdams steps out in her burgundy Starstruck brogues last night ! 🙌🔥 Its been our best year yet so thank you to all you #RogueGirls for your amazing support ! Very exciting stockist announcements to come next month and a whole bag of new styles.... stay tuned...A post shared by  💥 R O G U E   M A T I L D A 💥 (@roguematilda) on Dec 31, 2018 at 1:07am PSTEnjoying such success so quickly doesn’t mean Cary is nonchalant when it comes to who’s wearing her shoes – “Seeing Julia Roberts in Rogues was incredible!” she says. And as well as the brand’s famous fans, there’s a whole community of women on social media who are loyal fans of Rogue Matilda. Could this rapidly growing following also have something to do with the fact that there’s been such a shift away from heels?“I've definitely seen this,” says Cary. “It was actually one of the reasons I started the brand. We're all just so busy now aren't we? Life's too short to be getting blisters and sore feet when most women are either running from their desk straight out to dinner or chasing children around all day. I think fashion, thanks maybe in part to Instagram, is becoming a lot more real and women are seeing the value in day-to-day pieces rather than splashing out on an occasional party dress and heels. Our lifestyles have changed and evolved to become more casual and heels aren't the most practical choice of footwear day in, day out. The huge influx of trainers that we've seen in the last few years from designer brands has made dressing down an art in itself. We sell lots of our Sweetheart sneakers to brides who want to be able to dance all night on their wedding day without the hassle of heels, and I think this sentiment sums up the shifting relationship between heels and flats. Heels aren't the only option anymore, and many women are opting out.” Did you miss out on Bullseye and fancy stepping out like Gigi Hadid? Lucky for you we’ve got some more stock arriving just before Christmas, so sign up to our newsletter online to be the first to know! #roguegirlsA post shared by  💥 R O G U E   M A T I L D A 💥 (@roguematilda) on Dec 4, 2018 at 11:46pm PSTCary, of course, wore her Sweetheart trainers for her own wedding, suggesting she saw exactly where things were heading. Online fashion search platform Lyst, for example, just published its wedding report for 2019, which revealed that searches for white personalied trainers have increased by a huge 61 per cent year on year. If you are in the market for bespoke details on your own pair of wedding kicks, Rogue Matilda encourages its customers to get in touch before placing an order. With the wedding market covered, then, and a hoard of influential fans, what’s next? Well, Rogues has just launched Mary-Janes, which defy the brand’s usual style with a small block heel. They, are, however, comfortable enough to run around in all day – and I say that from personal experience. “This is a big year for the brand as we're expanding into accessories,” says Cary. “In August we have some bags launching and a range of belts, all of which play on my love of colour. It seemed like an organic next step as the materials we use are the same across the styles. We've also got some amazing loafers coming out next year.” Sunshine shoes ☀️A post shared by  💥 R O G U E   M A T I L D A 💥 (@roguematilda) on Jun 1, 2019 at 2:00am PDTGiven that Rogues is a British brand (and this is Grazia’s Best of British week), what does Cary think sums up British style? “Individual quirk. We're incredibly lucky here in the UK that we have such free and eclectic style. We don't all dress the same and there's very much the attitude to wear what makes you feel good rather than dressing your age or following specific guidelines. I think the British have a great talent for seeing trends but then wearing them in their own way, throwing the rulebook out the window to some extent in the process.”© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The weather has gone from dismal AF to nearly-a-heatwave. And while we wait to see how it's going to balance itself out, it won't stop us from embracing garden party vibes. You see, the English country garden seemed to loom large on the catwalks for spring/summer. There were gorgeously puffed sleeves and satin neckties at Erdem; the prettiest of blossom prints at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi and supersized, and butter-wouldn’t-melt sweet, hair bows at Emilia Wickstead.The demure Miss Walker’s costumes on Gentleman Jack - ballooned-sleeved dresses in sugared almond shades - are also tickling our fancy. The message is clear - the kind of outfit you might put together for a picnic on Hampstead Heath or a game of croquet feels bang on trend for now, come rain or come shine. And it finally looks like there might be some shine on the horizon - hallelujah! - with temperatures reaching an almost-too-balmy 29 by the weekend.There's more good news. The high street hasn’t failed to deliver on the English gentlewoman front, with more gingham checks than you could shake a picnic blanket at, and plenty of raffia accessories to offset flouncy pastel skirts and crisp white blouses. Don’t shop until you’ll scrolled our gallery below - and remember to cross your fingers that the fair weather continues.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Missguided is now selling a bikini for £1. That’s less than this week's copy of Grazia cost you, less than a bus fare, less than a takeaway latte. It hardly needs pointing out that clothing that costs a quid isn’t made to endure. It’s as disposable as a Love Island relationship – the show where this bikini is being advertised; in the ad breaks and on a former contestant. And while Missguided is by no means the only brand peddling cynical, lightning-fast ‘fashion’, this is the outrageous apex of the movement.‘Missguided’s £1 bikini was invented to give me a nervous breakdown,’ says Lucy Siegle, author of To Die For: Is Fashion Wearing Out The World? ‘Clothing is a durable good – so you have to make garments to last so that they can be reworn,’ she continues. ‘They take loads of environmental resources to make, such as water, oil, cotton and dyes, and cause global warming gases. But the trade-off is that you keep the garment for a long time and re-wear it. This bikini crosses the line into straight-up disposable and has huge ramifications environmentally.’All this came in the week the Government rejected the Environmental Audit Committee’s Fixing Fashion report, which recommended setting obligatory targets for retailers with a turnover above £36 million, putting a ban on incinerating unsold stock, and that companies pay a penny for every garment they produce, to raise funds for better recycling systems in the UK. ‘I have always thought we need to educate and change personal behaviour towards consumption,’ says designer Richard Malone, whose own collections include ethically sourced, sustainable fabrics. ‘It is vital that people understand the actual cost of textile production.’Missguided has pitched the £1 bikini as ‘a promotional item to celebrate 10 years of empowering women to look and feel good without breaking the bank’. EcoAge creative director Livia Firth says, ‘It is fundamentally wrong and irresponsible to have a bikini costing less than a sandwich – we need to ask, who is picking up that cost? Millions of workers are enslaved in supply chains fuelling a system based on throwaway fashion. What is empowering is for us to stop buying fast and furiously and start acting as if what we wear matters to the lives of other women, because it really does.’‘I think it’s crazy that we don’t have legislation to protect our workers, many of whom are incredibly vulnerable and invisible to consumers,’ adds Malone. To be fair, Missguided has pointed out that ‘the bikini] cost us more than £1 to produce and we’re absorbing the costs so we can offer it as a gift to our customers. There has been no compromise – it is sourced to the same high standards as all of our other products. But ask yourself whether, in a world where the fashion industry is responsible for [20% of global waste water and 10% of global carbon emissions, according to the UN, this is really the right message to send? Price tags like this immunise us to the true value of things and fuel a more, more, more culture. As Greenpeace protesters who interrupted Philip Hammond’s speech last week shouted, ‘This is an emergency.’Still, isn’t all the eye-rolling at this bikini just the smug privilege of the middle classes? For lower-income households with budgets to squeeze, what’s the harm? It’s not the ‘fault’ of the customer; we shouldn’t be offered these options. But the high street is raising its game: Arket, Lindex and H&M all have sustainable swim options. So perhaps it’s worth remembering that while there’s a lot of talk about sustainability, consumer power is in our wallets, not inspirational hashtags. I hope there is a kick-back against these items. We deserve better – because the price might be £1, but the cost is much greater.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Part of the issue when it comes to choosing something lovely to wear to a wedding or, indeed, any occasion that requires you to wear something dressier than jeans, is that there is so much choice. This can obviously be a good thing – greater choice is democratic, after all – but in a world where we need to start making much more conscious and responsible decisions about what we buy and from where, it can also be a hindrance. This is something Isabelle Waring, founder of young British label Isabelle Fox, knows all too well. And in 2016, she decided to do something about it.“I just had this particular idea, this concept around British-made, direct to consumer, affordable luxury,” says Waring. “And I thought, well, if I don’t do it now I’m not really ever going to do it and that was three years ago. I quit my job in the law firm where I was working and we launched in October 2016.” The brand itself is as romantic as it is functional, full of sweeping skirts, fitted bodices and easy-to-wear dresses that are all produced in a sustainable way. A lot of the fabric used by Waring and her team, for example, is out-of-season material rescued from being destroyed or sent to landfill. “I would say about 30-40 per cent of the fabric we use is destocked, which basically means they’re brand new but nobody wants them. This could be because they’re out of season or just not used. It’s bizarre to me because I can’t see why fabric should be seasonal but that’s how it works. We have also used vintage fabrics from the 60s and 70s in the past that we just found in fabric shops.” La vie en rose 🇫🇷 The lovely @katherine_ormerod wearing the Charlotte top in Cloud. #IsabelleFoxCharlotteTop #IFGirlA post shared by  Isabelle Fox (@isabellefoxofficial) on May 12, 2019 at 11:27pm PDTAlthough Waring has no formal training, she studied the work of her grandmother, a former couture seamstress, throughout her childhood. “Ever since I was a little girl I would do drawings for her and she would make basically whatever I wanted. She made a dress for me and then she’d make a matching dress for my teddy and the dog and everyone would be wearing the same dress.” Her grandmother, Marie, is etched into the seams of the business – Fox is Marie’s surname – and while she doesn’t work with Waring every day, she is often called upon for her expertise and advice. “I’ve obviously learnt a lot from her over the years,” says Waring. “So, I do know a lot about dressmaking and anything I don’t know, that’s where she comes in and helps. I just call her up, as she’s still based in Manchester, and say ‘we just can’t get this bodice to work,’ or whatever it is. I don’t even need to send her a picture – she will be like, ‘have you tried this? Take this out. Add this in’. And then all of a sudden, everything will work perfectly. She’s a real master of construction. Which is really important, you know.” Another summer dress I look forward to wearing when this weather sorts itself out! 🙄 (Dress gifted)A post shared by  Alexis Foreman (@alexisforeman) on May 8, 2019 at 12:00pm PDTWhile Isabelle Fox may still be in its infancy, it has developed a very loyal and engaged following, largely through social media. Recently, a number of UK-based influencers have been showcasing Waring’s designs and this, she says, has been integral to the development of her business. “I don’t think we would be here without Instagram, to be honest. It’s been absolutely pivotal for us to be able to reach people because we don’t wholesale at all, to anybody, which is why we have relatively low prices compared to a relatively high quality product. If I went wholesale, the prices would literally double – if not triple – because of the wholesale margins that are demanded by the third party retailers.” Apart from the fit of each piece, the fabric is clearly one of Waring’s main concerns, with dresses made from natural fabrics (“More sustainable, which has always been crucial to me,” she says) sources largely in Italy. Dresses are realised in silk-cottons, for example – a fabric which, among brands that do sell wholesale, demands much higher prices than Isabelle Fox. Dresses hover around £300, while a full-sleeved top tied with ribbons is £230. The brands Greta bags, fashioned from any fabric unused in each collection, are £95. Everything is also made in London. Sunday mood courtesy of our brilliant #SundayGirl, Sereena Abbassi, Group Head of Culture & Inclusion for the M&C Saatchi Group and student of Postcolonial Culture & Global Policy. Sereena tells us about her work as an expert in diversity and inclusion, her Sunday rituals and her favourite London hotspots. Link in bio 💥 #IFSundayBestA post shared by  Isabelle Fox (@isabellefoxofficial) on Feb 17, 2019 at 5:15am PST“I am always slightly wary of flying the made in Britain flag because of course you can make really well and ethically in countries other than the UK,” says Waring. “I get that and I also know that in the UK, there are places that are not paying people the minimum wage and they are not treating their staff properly. But for us it was convenient and it’s where my grandmother has always made clothes. I have always said that if I was going to do this, it would have to be done 100 per cent ethically. Manufacturing in the UK and in a factory that I know is paying the London living wage lets me keep an eye on that. I go to the factory at least twice a week. That might just be to check on production, or to have a meeting or even just to say hello. But I was never prepared to just brush everything under the carpet as long as I got my end product. I was never going to accept that as a mode of working.” The effortlessly lovely @florriet in a dress by me that will always be bookmarked as one of my favourite projects 💖 #IFGirlA post shared by  Isabelle Fox (@isabellefoxofficial) on Jun 7, 2019 at 10:56pm PDTThe collections are limited to fit with the brand’s sustainable methods of working. And thanks to the recent uptake in interest on social media, many styles sold out within weeks. They’re being restocked all the time, however, and some are made to order. Plus, if you happen to find yourself within zones 1-2 in London, you can make an appointment for Waring and her team to come to you in order to try on pieces or have them altered. Alternatively, you can visit the studio in Clerkenwell. “One problem that we have is that we have really beautifully made products which you can’t really appreciate until you’re holding it in your hands. So, we decided to offer free appointments and we do around one a day now. But we don’t market it because, you know, we’re a really small team and we don’t have that much man power. But we’ll take anything you want to try on in different sizes and then if you need it altering, we can do that for you. We do all that for free.”This personal, bespoke approach is something that a lot of new brands are embracing of late. Perhaps it’s a reaction to the rise of online shopping and the impersonal experience that offers, but it’s something that is clearly important to Waring and her team. Particularly at a time when Brexit is inflicting such uncertainty on small businesses in the UK. But Waring is confident that they can weather any storm which may be on the horizon. “If anyone can withstand it, the Brits can,” she says, with a sense of patriotic pride. Northern soul 💥 Loveliest @meganellaby wearing the Sophia dress in Tiger. #IsabelleFoxSophiaDressA post shared by  Isabelle Fox (@isabellefoxofficial) on May 15, 2019 at 12:55am PDTThe future certainly looks bright for Isabelle Fox, and certainly extremely busy. A new collection is due to launch in October, and Waring says they will also be focussing on Christmas gifting. There will be luxury pyjamas, made from a sustainable fabric, she says. And also some silk scarves. She is also excited about the prospect of a wedding capsule collection, although this is still in its initial stages. “And also I’ll just carry on growing and learning and really trying to stand my ground on my business model – selling directly to our customers and manufacturing here in the UK. I really do believe that it’s possible to run a profitable business like that and I’m trying to stick to my guns.”© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Individual. authentic. diverse. Inclusive. Rule-breaking... You won’t be surprised to hear these words on repeat from designers who show on the London runways when we asked them ‘What is British fashion now?’ It practically goes without saying that the UK’s fashion identity is wrapped around a cauldron of creativity and that London Fashion Week is the fashion-capital-in-chief for both incubating and sourcing new talent – showcasing more than 250 designers, it is estimated that orders of over £100m are placed during LFW each season.We know that the UK’s fashion schools remain second to none, that well-organised support is available on graduation, and that being a ‘British’ designer is open to all, whether you come from Slovakia or South Korea. ‘I am Korean-born but definitely consider myself a British designer, and there is no other place I’d rather work,’ says Eudon Choi of our fashion scene, which, he adds, ‘Champions talent no matter where you are from.’ American-born Michael Halpern, he of the sequin-spangled disco aesthetic, agrees: ‘For me, the most exciting part of British fashion is the incredible breadth of design that emerges from London. SS19 by @TheLoveMagazineA post shared by  Halpern (@halpernstudio) on May 16, 2019 at 12:01am PDTHaving a specific voice and point of view is celebrated here more than in any other fashion capital.’ And it’s not just designer ‘implants’ who benefit from British fashion’s cultural diversity: ‘That’s what makes British fashion so innovative and unique. There’s a braveness to design here, a bending of rules and an entrepreneurial spirit, which constantly inspires me to push the boundaries of what we have done before,’ says the queen of witty accessories, Anya Hindmarch.If the twin pillars that support and sustain British fashion are a) its rich diversity and b) its constant supply of new talent, in the last decade it has also become renowned for its professionalism and maturity. No more waiting for hours in underground car parks for shows to start. Those individuals who continue to move the creative needle do so with presentations that are as slick and self-assured as any you might see on the Paris runways. ‘I think it’s grown up,’ says Jonathan Anderson. ‘British style still has a playful edge that I think is missing in some other countries. It’s a bit crazy sometimes, a bit “off”, but there is still a great sense of humour.’ MEET FRANCIS THE BLUE TIT, THE LATEST EDITION OF OUR HANDCRAFTED BAG CHARMS AVAILABLE EXCLUSIVLEY ONLINE AND AT JW ANDERSON WORKSHOPS  CHECK IN OFTEN TO MEET THE REST OF THE FAMILY VIDEO @cole_fawcett  #JWANDERSONA post shared by  JW ANDERSON (@jw_anderson) on Apr 20, 2019 at 4:39am PDTThat’s the good news. But what of the bad? Today, designers are not only grappling with the prospect of a no-deal Brexit, but also labour issues, race and cultural appropriation and, most perplexing of all, the problem of sustainability. As fast fashion becomes public enemy number one in the world’s sustainability crisis, the big question facing designers is what to do about it? ‘We all know that the fashion industry is one of the most polluting and damaging for the planet,’ says Amy Powney, creative director of Mother of Pearl, who has taken a stand by implementing a stringent supply chain that reduces environmental impact. ‘We still create desirable pieces, but we do this in a smarter and more considered way,’ she adds. ‘Sustainability is a mindset and, once you adopt it, it infiltrates everything that you do.’ Or, as Ashish Gupta puts it when summing up the burning issues of the day: ‘British fashion now is about – or should be about – rethinking our modes of creation, communication and consumption. More than ever, it’s essential to align our belief systems with our brands – diversity in the workplace, equal pay, better practices supporting artisan communities, zero waste and a forward- thinking commitment to the planet.’ Your basic white shirt and denim day. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ We list the sustainable attributes of all our clothing next to the garment descriptions on our website. Because we're good like that. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ •⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ •⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ •⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ #MotherofPearl #sustainablefashion #womensfashion #fashionourfutureA post shared by  Mother of Pearl (@motherofpearl) on Jun 22, 2019 at 6:02am PDTSo what will see our designers through these tumultuous times? What will future- proof British fashion? Perhaps the one unshakeable truth that defines it – the confidence in its creative power. As London’s master of print Richard Quinn says, ‘In a time of political and social uncertainty, creative things happen and this has been an incredibly unafraid time for British designers.’ It’s not for nothing that British fashion has grown into a mecca of originality. Let us pray it long continues.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jeff Goldblum, a hero to so many and style icon to us all, just reinvented couples dressing for 2019. In an era where Instagram dominates daily life and news reaches us immediately (and constantly), you might have thought that a famous couple wearing matching outfits would not have the same resonance as it did in, say, 1999, when David and Victoria Beckham wore matching leather Versace outfits. Or indeed in 2001, when Britney and Justin attended the American Music Awards in head-to-toe denim. But you'd be wrong – for this is Jeff Goldblum, after all.With his wife, Emilie Livingston, Goldblum wore a printed Prada shirt with white jeans, while Livingston wore white shorts. And the internet loved it, naturally. This was possibly largely due to the couple's readiness to pose for photographs, which in itself is a joyous thing to behold.The real questions to consider, here, are whose idea was this – Jeff's or Emilie's? Or do they both use the same stylist, who suggested they go for their own Britney/Justin cultural moment? Are they members of a cult, led by Jeff? Is this the start of an entire slew of matching outfits, documented on the internet, which will eventually be used as an historical document to illustrate what life was like in 2019? But most importantly of all, how does one convince one's partner to wear matching shirts to a restaurant?Victoria and David Beckham Matching Outfits2of15© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was never going to be a quiet affair. Too many people loved him and besides, he was the greatest showman the fashion world has ever seen. Remembering Karl Lagerfeld, who died in February this year aged 85, without fanfare would have been unthinkable – even if the man himself would have probably loathed it, all the fuss, pomp and ceremony. As the late godfather of fashion put it in one of the many video clips shown at his memorial last Friday in Paris: ‘When people show their ass it doesn’t bother me. When people show their feelings, it bothers me.’The blockbuster event, titled ‘Karl For Ever’, was held at the Grand Palais, venue of his countless Chanel extravaganzas, the ancient palace he once transformed into a supermarket, a space center with a rocket launch pad, a mainframe computer, or filled it with icebergs, sea and snow. Celebrating a life as large as Karl Lagerfeld’s requires monumental ingredients.So, the venue was wallpapered with 56 towering portraits of the man, the floor was carpeted with vast custom-made rugs, a Steinway Grand piano that Lagerfeld designed had its own platform while the main stage saw a rotating cast of movie, music and dance stars, including Tilda Swinton, Helen Mirren, Cara Delevingne, Pharrell Williams, dancer Lil Buck, violinist Charlie Siem, pianist Lang Lang and a troupe of tango dancers. Karl, it turns out, was an exceptional tango dancer. Two thousand guests were treated to the 90-minute spectacle, organized by the houses of Chanel, Fendi and Karl Lagerfeld (his three chief freelance posts) and orchestrated by the Canadian theatre and opera director Robert Carsen.Sixty friends of Lagerfeld’s had been pre-interviewed on camera and spoke from giant screens, kicking off with Anna Wintour: ‘Karl Lagerfeld often said when he died he wanted to disappear. Well, that cannot happen…’ Certainly not. Alongside those who worked closely with him, the industry’s power brokers also recalled their fondest memories of Karl.This included Alain Wertheimer, the secretive, rarely-seen-in-public owner of Chanel: ‘I first met him in London and I was won over by the fact we could talk together. It was far from a working relationship, it was a friendship.’ And Bernard Arnault, France’s richest man and chairman of the LVMH group who opened with, ‘Karl was like Picasso’.Meanwhile, Cara Delevingne appeared in pink marabou and declared: ‘I am a cat’. She was playing the role of Choupette, Karl’s beloved puss. Even Choupette’s governess appeared, cuddling the Birman fluffball: ‘She likes to tear up paper, eh cherie?’ In fact, the story was revealed as to how Karl came to possess the now famous feline (with 292k Insta followers) when Baptiste Giabiconi, model and menswear muse, appeared on-screen. He had asked Karl to look after Choupette and when he returned from holiday went to collect her, only to be told: ‘Non. Choupette reste ici!’Designers including Valentino Garavani, Nicolas Ghesquiere and Clare Waight Keller also spoke affectionately of the great man who inspired them, but none more movingly than his successor at Chanel, Virginie Viard: ‘Karl is probably the person I’ve spent the most time with in my life. To me, he was accessible. My opinion counted. Above all, he loved my energy and my ideas, and he showed it. Together, we created the most beautiful collections that we could and today, I’m trying to continue so that everything is perfect for him,’ she said.But it was Silvia Venturini Fendi, who first met Karl in 1965, when she was five years old, who summed up his insurmountable absence when she recounted the story of the day he signed his Fendi contract – turning up three hours late to do so. ‘It is difficult to think that he’s not here. Because he was always late, I always think that he will arrive. Maybe this time he’s a little bit more late than before, but he will show up,’ she saidREAD MORE: Karl Lagerfeld's Most Iconic Chanel MomentsChanel, SS94 runway. Naomi Campbell walking the Chanel runway in 1994 in tweed and a chain belt showed Karl Lagerfeld flexing his sartorial muscles as he pushed the house codes to their extreme edge. Chanel, SS94 runway. In 1993, Karl Lagerfeld was already keenly aware of mixing creating commercially viable pieces, like swimsuits. The high-low appeal was amplified by the use of muses like supermodel Naomi Campbell. Chanel, SS94 runway.Karl Lagerfeld was quick to spot the power of the supers and was a firm supporter of Claudia Schiffer's career from the get-go. Chanel, Haute Couture 1995 runway.And the bride (Claudia Schiffer) wore white. As soon as Karl Lagerfeld took the reigns of Chanel he began modernising the sartorial language Coco Chanel created for her eponymous label, including the use of tweed and cardigan jackets. Chanel, SS96 runway.Kate Moss at the height of her 'waif' appeal in the mid-90s wearing a blue tweed suit typifies how Karl Largerfeld was able to constantly transform and update this iconic house fabric. Chanel, SS96 runway.Eva Herzigova's Chanel swimsuit was just as iconic in the 90s as when Kim Kardashian wore it in 2018. Prince William with Princess Diana in a Chanel suit, 1997.Princess Diana wore Chanel time and again until reportedly she felt no longer comfortable sporting the double 'C' logo as it resembled the initials of Charles and Camila too closely. Chanel, SS13 runway.Who can forget the hula hoop bag from 2012? This enormous bag, which was later purchased by Kris Jenner, is a prime example of Kaiser Karl's ability to create a 'fashion moment' in other words grab the front page of newspapers with a fun reimagining of a classic Chanel item. Khloe Kardashian carrying Chanel's world traveller backpack.As Khloe Kardashian entered LAX airport in 2014 she swung Chanel's scribbled-over backpack onto her arm. This item was a token from the brand's collection that captured 'Gap Yah' culture. Rihanna at the AW14 runway. Rihanna at the AW14 Chanel fashion show wearing trainers and a belt bag is just a small insight into how far ahead of the trends Karl Lagerfeld was. Chanel, AW14 runway.For Karl Lagerfeld the world was his muse. He was able to turn the mundane, like supermarket shopping and consumption culture, into esoteric, humourful accessories that became instantly collectable. For instance, in March 2014, he transformed the Grand Palais into a Stepford Wives supermarket where models, like Cara Delevigne, shopped for 'Chanel' branded groceries and wore bags wrapped in cellophane. Kiera Knightly at the Golden Globes 2015.The British actress Kiera Knightly has enjoyed a long and fruitful partnership with Chanel, which included Karl Lagerfeld designing her wedding dress - a short white mini with a cross-body Chanel bag. Chanel, SS15 runway.As the conversation around feminism heated up around the world, Karl Largefeld turned the Chanel SS15 runway into a pro-women and equality protest. Chanel, SS16 runway. Karl Lagerfeld explored ideas around sustainability within fashion in Chanel's SS16 runway. Chanel, SS17 runway.With his finger on the pulse, Karl Largerfeld took inspiration from AI, high-tech robots by showcasing the Chanel show in a makebelieve data centre within the Grand Palais. Chanel, Haute Couture 2017.Alongside anointing trends, Karl Lagerfeld was a maker or models, including Lily-Rose Depp. Chanel, AW18 runway. Chanel's sets are notoriously lavish, including the AW18 catwalk that saw a branded spaceship lift off. Chanel, Cruise 2018 runway. As creative director of Chanel, Karl Lagerfeld oversaw the enermous output of spring-summer, autumn-winter, cruse, resort and two couture collections a year. Each show's set was almost as important at setting the mood of the collection as the clothes and handpicked models. Chanel, Haute Couture 2018 runway. The Chanel bride has a very hallowed place in history, something that Sundanese model Adut Akech Bior came to realise in July 2018 when she was the second WoC model to hold this position. Chanel, SS19 runway. For Chanel's last runway collection with Karl Largerfeld present the brand transformed the Grand Palais into a beach, on which Kaia Gerber walked barefoot.Karl Lagerfeld's Most Iconic Chanel Moments. 1of20Chanel, SS94 runway. Naomi Campbell walking the Chanel runway in 1994 in tweed and a chain belt showed Karl Lagerfeld flexing his sartorial muscles as he pushed the house codes to their extreme edge. Chanel, SS94 runway. In 1993, Karl Lagerfeld was already keenly aware of mixing creating commercially viable pieces, like swimsuits. The high-low appeal was amplified by the use of muses like supermodel Naomi Campbell. Chanel, SS94 runway.Karl Lagerfeld was quick to spot the power of the supers and was a firm supporter of Claudia Schiffer's career from the get-go. Chanel, Haute Couture 1995 runway.And the bride (Claudia Schiffer) wore white. As soon as Karl Lagerfeld took the reigns of Chanel he began modernising the sartorial language Coco Chanel created for her eponymous label, including the use of tweed and cardigan jackets. Chanel, SS96 runway.Kate Moss at the height of her 'waif' appeal in the mid-90s wearing a blue tweed suit typifies how Karl Largerfeld was able to constantly transform and update this iconic house fabric. Chanel, SS96 runway.Eva Herzigova's Chanel swimsuit was just as iconic in the 90s as when Kim Kardashian wore it in 2018. Prince William with Princess Diana in a Chanel suit, 1997.Princess Diana wore Chanel time and again until reportedly she felt no longer comfortable sporting the double 'C' logo as it resembled the initials of Charles and Camila too closely. Chanel, SS13 runway.Who can forget the hula hoop bag from 2012? This enormous bag, which was later purchased by Kris Jenner, is a prime example of Kaiser Karl's ability to create a 'fashion moment' in other words grab the front page of newspapers with a fun reimagining of a classic Chanel item. Khloe Kardashian carrying Chanel's world traveller backpack.As Khloe Kardashian entered LAX airport in 2014 she swung Chanel's scribbled-over backpack onto her arm. This item was a token from the brand's collection that captured 'Gap Yah' culture. Rihanna at the AW14 runway. Rihanna at the AW14 Chanel fashion show wearing trainers and a belt bag is just a small insight into how far ahead of the trends Karl Lagerfeld was. Chanel, AW14 runway.For Karl Lagerfeld the world was his muse. He was able to turn the mundane, like supermarket shopping and consumption culture, into esoteric, humourful accessories that became instantly collectable. For instance, in March 2014, he transformed the Grand Palais into a Stepford Wives supermarket where models, like Cara Delevigne, shopped for 'Chanel' branded groceries and wore bags wrapped in cellophane. Kiera Knightly at the Golden Globes 2015.The British actress Kiera Knightly has enjoyed a long and fruitful partnership with Chanel, which included Karl Lagerfeld designing her wedding dress - a short white mini with a cross-body Chanel bag. Chanel, SS15 runway.As the conversation around feminism heated up around the world, Karl Largefeld turned the Chanel SS15 runway into a pro-women and equality protest. Chanel, SS16 runway. Karl Lagerfeld explored ideas around sustainability within fashion in Chanel's SS16 runway. Chanel, SS17 runway.With his finger on the pulse, Karl Largerfeld took inspiration from AI, high-tech robots by showcasing the Chanel show in a makebelieve data centre within the Grand Palais. Chanel, Haute Couture 2017.Alongside anointing trends, Karl Lagerfeld was a maker or models, including Lily-Rose Depp. Chanel, AW18 runway. Chanel's sets are notoriously lavish, including the AW18 catwalk that saw a branded spaceship lift off. Chanel, Cruise 2018 runway. As creative director of Chanel, Karl Lagerfeld oversaw the enermous output of spring-summer, autumn-winter, cruse, resort and two couture collections a year. Each show's set was almost as important at setting the mood of the collection as the clothes and handpicked models. Chanel, Haute Couture 2018 runway. The Chanel bride has a very hallowed place in history, something that Sundanese model Adut Akech Bior came to realise in July 2018 when she was the second WoC model to hold this position. Chanel, SS19 runway. For Chanel's last runway collection with Karl Largerfeld present the brand transformed the Grand Palais into a beach, on which Kaia Gerber walked barefoot.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Places you won’t find this season’s it bag: on the runway, on the red carpet, perched on its own chair at a fancy restaurant. Places you will: on an airport carousel, tucked into an overhead locker on a plane, piled high on a hotel baggage trolley. And of course, all over your Instagram feed.Luggage is having a moment. Formerly the unsexy, sensible sister of the more frivolous bags we really wanted, recently the practical purchase has begun generating a buzz of its own. Consider Rimowa’s new colourful cases, GlobeTrotter’s old-school trollies, or Crash Baggage’s deliberately dented designs; what was once a means to an end has become an event in itself.The ones you’d be hard pressed to avoid, however, are by Away. Founded by Jen Rubio and Steph Korey in 2015, it’s taken less than four years for the American brand’s cases to become seemingly ubiquitous. The appeal is democratic; you’re as likely to spot them in a post-private jet pap shot as you are embarking a budget flight to Skiathos. I couldn’t decide which shoes to bring so I brought them all ✈️ happy friday!! 🤸🏼‍♀️A post shared by  Karlie Kloss (@karliekloss) on May 17, 2019 at 12:15pm PDTYou can put the universal appeal down to the unshowy, efficient designs. ‘I live by the rule that less is always more and Away is the perfect example of this. They’re utilitarian, practical yet still sleek,’ says Alex Eagle, the tastemaker and creative director of The Store who has just launched her second collaborative collection with Away (navy, coloured zips, flash-free chic) of their appeal. ‘They suit everyone from my dad to my stepdaughters. A design that is so versatile and suited to both men and women of all different ages is hard to come by. Not just that but they are durable and smart without being ostentatious.' Away x Alex Eagle: limited edition suitcases, each reimagined with a colored zipper inspired by @eagletta’s sun-soaked memories of summer vacation—just in time for yours. ☀️🎨 #travelawayA post shared by  Away (@away) on Jun 12, 2019 at 9:01am PDTThe gap in the market (make that the billion dollar gap – Away was valued at $1.4 billion earlier this year, raising $100 million in series D funding) became clear after Jen’s case broke and she struggled to find a great replacement. ‘I realised that luggage was an afterthought for most people, even though it’s something you take on every trip,’ she explains. What was on offer ‘was either cheap but poorly made or it was high-quality, but more expensive than your plane ticket.'By selling direct to consumer, Away can offer fair pricing without sacrificing quality. That business model also means the brand can have a direct dialogue with the customer. The cases’ techy credentials (‘thoughtfully designed with everything you need but nothing you don’t,’ says Jen, read: lightweight yet ultra-durable polycarbonate and aluminum shells, 360º spinner wheels, an interior compression pad to maximize packing space, inbuilt chargers), are born out of listening to customers’ needs. ‘Instead of focusing on technology or aesthetic in a silo, we wanted to understand what problems real travellers faced on their journeys, and how we could solve them.'In terms of their practicality, Away's cases are available in four different sizes: The Carry-On, The Bigger Carry-On, The Medium and The Large, all under £300. And they give you a lot of space, too, largely thanks to the clever construction of the cases and that interior compression pad. The Bigger Carry-On, for example, will let you pack about size to nine outfits and there is a hidden laundry bag tucked in there, too.So why has this formerly sleepy category suddenly picked up pace? Simply put, demand. Whereas once upon a time we probably used a sturdy case once or twice a year, now we’re flying more than ever. Yes that means you have more opportunity to show off a great piece, but it also means you likely have less tolerance for something unwieldy and cumbersome.‘Delays, security checks and luggage restrictions can make travelling a bit of a challenge,’ admits Luc Goidaidin, creative director of Smythson's excellent range of weekenders and travel accessories like the Multi-Zip cross body which helps you access phone, passport and travel miscellanies effortlessly. ‘Beautifully designed travel pieces can help soften the blow.'It’s not just that we’re constantly on-the-go – we’re always switched on as well. There’s no more going off-grid, instead we can triumphantly show off our trophy purchases on Instagram in the same way we would a pair of shoes or new dress. Furthermore, with airport arrivals terminals acting like a strip-lit, downtime red carpet (some brands even pay to get their designs on de-boarding celebs such is the publicity opportunity), we’ve become more attuned to the options out there. Juliette Lewis for RIMOWA x Alex Israel. #RIMOWA #RIMOWAxAlexIsraelA post shared by  RIMOWA (@rimowa) on Jun 15, 2019 at 6:00am PDTBrands are savvy to these shifts. It’s no coincidence that since 27-year old Alexandre Arnault became CEO at iconic 120-year old luxury luggage brand Rimowa he has targeted a millennial customer via inspired collaborations with the likes of Fendi, Supreme and Off-White. 'More and more we’re seeing a younger demographic engaging, responding positively, with the brand beyond just luxury customers, but also ones interested heavily in culture and fashion,' says Alexandre. 'Being an active and valued participant in cultural conversations can make you a bit of an "it" product, but that's a bi-product, not what we strive for. We're looking to create products of the finest quality, products with purpose and presence that will last.' Today, it’s not just what’s in the case that counts.But what if you’ve blown all your budget on the trip? You can still get involved. Customisation options are growing in popularity, meaning you can pimp up an anonymous case you already own. Monogramming, stickers and a plethora of playful luggage tags are all easy ways to add a bit of individuality. And just think how much easier that makes it to find at baggage collection. Though if you do insist on packing ten pairs of shoes for a minibreak – you’re on your own with that.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)If there’s one category that truly transcends seasons, it’s eyewear. Sure, the old faithful denim trend will always take you from A to B, and a fine knit is a great fashionable trick to have up your sleeve, but the one item that follows you from the sunshine to the ski slopes is sunglasses. Always.Small in size, mighty in impact; a great pair can change everything from your outfit to your outlook on life. Be it stuffed into micro bags or slung from pearly chains, sunglasses define trans-seasonal dressing, a must-have item both covetable and compulsory. And if there’s a pair to add an air of polish to your look, it’s this stylish offering from storied Italian house Max Mara. Curved in all the right places, beautifully crafted and universally complimentary, seek shade – or throw shade – in these fashionable shields. So good, they even make a compelling case for sunglasses indoors (taboo? Not in these).A style to suit every face shape, occasion and outfit, consider the following new season silhouettes before you step outside. Because what’s better than an Italian outlook on life?Retro-shades have risen with oversized frames and gradient lenses being worn by celebrities and fash packs alike. But unlike the sunglasses of their free-spirited fore-sisters, rounded shades have had a suitably stylish update with modern detailing and luxurious accents. Take Max Mara’s oversized shades for proof; they offer a chic update on '70s frames with glorious curves, modern metal and ombré-hued lenses in both pale gold and sky blue. A (sun)glass half full type of shade, these are charged with cheerful optimism and sartorial wonder, plus sizeable sunglasses are the next big thing, so arm yourself fittingly.A wearable take on the micro sunglasses trend, Max Mara presents a slender frame with both sophistication and style. Towing the line of micro but still impossibly flattering, the brand reinvents the neo-nostalgic oval shape favoured by the 'It Girl' elite. It boasta a cool minimalism and a go-with-everything aesthetic that's perfect for summer. Delicate and dainty, these gilt frames are no optical wallflower - rather, they offer subtle statement dressing done to perfection. With hints of the '90s, Max Mara’s narrow rimless frame is both pleasing to the eye and fabulously on-trend. Facial flattery at its finest.One such style which never goes out of vogue is the aviator. For decades, the aviator lens has been a fixture of modern fashion, and this summer is no different. Max Mara reaches new heights with their modern take; a slim exposed aviator lens which features a thin double metal frame and tone-on-tone crystal insert. But side-on is where the magic really happens, with detachable side spoilers cut from a perforated metal, it’s a refreshing detail on an old classic.A lesson in refined sophistication, Max Mara's sublime eye accoutrement is just the thing to elevate basic neutrals or anchor glitzy garb. But when paired with strong tailoring – a tonal tuxedo or staunch suiting – they truly shine (quite literally), a power couple, indeed. Whether you're chasing the sun or simply traversing quotidian life, there’s a Max Mara frame for any occasion, face and mood. Now let the sunshine in, whatever the season.Shop these frames and more at Max Mara.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a week when our ambiguous attitudes to sustainable fashion have been at the forefront (news that the Government has rejected a series of proposals designed to reduce fashion’s impact on the planet were met with dismay, and stats show that 70% of us want our MPs to take climate change more seriously, on the flip side Misguided were advertising a £1 bikini during Love Island ad breaks), we want to know about anyone who can help us consume fashion in a more responsible way – ideally without compromising on quality, style or our bank balances.My Wardrobe HQ might have the answer. Essentially a private members’ club for the fashion world, the service offers you a personal styling service and the opportunity to rent clothes from designers and a raft of A-listers for a fraction of the original price.Customers sign up to a subscription service for £9.99 a month, which also includes home visits from a stylist who will help you pick out items to rent or buy from their stock for upcoming events – so definitely one to think about if you’re running the gauntlet of 19 wedding invitations and a bunch of work events. You then pay for each item you buy or rent, but the prices are a fraction of what you’d pay to purchase the items new, and come along with that warm fuzzy feeling you get from knowing your new-season wardrobe is coming from a more sustainable source.And if you’re sitting on a wardrobe of amazing clothes you don’t wear any more, but aren’t sure what to do with, members can also apply to sell their pre-loved clothes on the site, although all new stock goes through a vetting process.Celebrities including Poppy Delevingne – who has personally added 20 items to her wardrobe to the site, Arizona Muse and Roxie Nafousi are already getting on board. Equally, designers are signing up in droves to be part of the service, with Henry Holland, Alice Temperley and Vivenne Westwood among names already signed up. Westwood is even looking at designing an exclusive collection for the site.The site’s co-founder Sacha Newall explains why rental services like My Wardrobe HQ look set to be the future of the fashion industry. “We’ve been very conscious along the way about the rental market and how good this is right now for keeping the fashion industry sustainable. “The stats are plain to see. For example, 15 billion coat hangers are produced each year. Most end up on landfill sites…this must change and fast. These numbers are extraordinary and people don’t realise the battles and the severity of them in the fashion industry.”My Wardrobe HQ launches in full in October, but are already taking membership requests.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The only celebrity recently whose style has genuinely moved me – I mean, really moved me to my core – is Elle Fanning on the red carpet at Cannes. Together with her stylist, Samantha McMillen, Fanning served – and I truly mean served – some inspired looks over the course of a week, including romantic, sweeping Gucci gowns and a Dior look that made my heart stop beating for a moment. Today, I saw an outfit that has left me similarly shaken, but for different reasons. It's Kendall Jenner, wearing a super-short, summery Reformation dress with black knee-high boots.It's literally summer on the top, winter on the bottom and I really can't stop thinking about it. An outfit for all seasons, if you will. Is this the answer to the current wardrobe woes I'm experiencing every morning as we all face a muggy climate plagued by rain? In theory, there's nothing unusual about Jenner's outfit. Many a long-legged person has paired a tall boot with a mini dress, after all. Maybe it's the shape and colour of the boots that make them feel so incongruous? Maybe we'll never know. What I do know is that I'm completely captivated by the whole thing.Incidentally, knee-high boots are – somewhat unsurprisingly – big news for autumn this year. Which is great if you have legs that are on the longer side, but less great for me, who was certainly not put on this earth to wear mini dresses with knee-high boots. But I will not be thwarted. I am woman, watch me wear knee-high boots. I'll just wear them with midi dresses and skirts, instead.Meanwhile, back in what is apparently summer, you can shop Jenner's Reformation dress if you so wish. Well, you can in black but this exact leopard print is sold out, I hate to tell you. Or, if you're more Winterfell than King's Landing (sorry, still not over it) then shop my favourite five pairs of knee-high boots currently on the market. If you want to wear them with your shorts on the beach, then you do you. If, however, you save them for autumnal days and longer hemlines, welcome to the club.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Summer’s been a total washout so far, but you shouldn’t let that dampen your festival spirit. Living in Britain, after all, means a waterproof is your default outerwear setting; you’re more comfortable in wellies than flip-flops and sunglasses get used, more often than not, to keep driving rain out of your eyes instead of anything resembling a ray.Whether you’re pitching your tent at Glasto, or going to Secret Garden Party, the point is to think positive and dress for the weather you want this festival season. The tie-dye trend is showing no signs of showing down. Choose accessories splashed with swirls of the stuff - a bucket hat won’t let you down come rain or shine - or perhaps a patterned hoodie that you can pull on for midnight dancing.An easy way to quickly ‘festival’ your wardrobe is with pretty add-ons. Anna + Nina has plenty of puka shell chokers with pastel-coloured beads, while Anni Lu’s gold and pearl earrings will make any outfit say ‘summer-ready’. A cross-body or bum bag, meanwhile, is essential. Look for something in a durable fabric - Arket’s Camera bag is made of water-resistant nylon - and sunshine-bright shade.Footwear is where it gets slightly more tricky. Fila’s track-soled metallic sliders are all kinds of fabulous, but might not survive a muddy pool. Just sayin’. Save them for when the ground looks either grassy or sun-baked and stick to your Hunter Chelsea welly boots in the meantime. Also, nothing offsets rubberised shoes quite like a dash of sequins. Zara's short suit or spangled gold mini get our vote.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yesterday, the government rejected all proposals presented by the Environmental Audit Committee to try and help reduce fashion's impact on the environment. On the same day, Net-a-Porter launched a new platform dedicated to sustainable fashion, offering us all a way to easily identify and shop from the brands that adhere to various criteria of sustainability. Called Net Sustain, it will also feature exclusive capsule collections from the likes of Stella McCartney and Mother of Pearl.The five categories are Locally Made, which included brands that manufactures at least half of their products in their own community or country; Reducing Waste, which celebrates products "made using regenerated or reused materials and the brands designing with circularity in mind"; Considered Processes, highlighting brands that minimize environmental impacts and ensure the health of worker and wearer; Considered Materials, which includes products made from materials cultivated in a way that takes into account the welfare of people, animals and the environment and Craft and Community, which celebrates products that showcase "unique artisan skills and brands that adhere to fair trade principles and invest in communities."Sustainable fashion is the future or, at least, it should be. We are facing a global crisis in terms of our human impact on the planet, and the result is not simply a case of slightly warmer summers and marginally colder winters – the future looks a lot more apocalyptic than that. Average wildlife populations have dropped by 60 per cent in just 40 years, entire cities are sinking due to rising sea levels and there's more carbon dioxide in our atmosphere than at any other point during history. This makes yesterday's decision all the more worrying. In terms of the government's plans to tackle the issue, last night's Tory leadership debate didn't do much to assuage the public, 70 per cent of whom want urgent political action to tackle climate change, as reported by a poll conducted by Greener UK and the Climate Coalition.During the televised leadership debate, 15-year old Erin Curtis from Glasgow asked the five candidates for Prime Minister if they could promise that the environment was going to be their top priority. When each failed to issue a sufficient response, Curtis wrote in The Guardian that she was not impressed: "Aren’t real leaders meant to make decisions to protect the most vulnerable people in our communities? Aren’t real leaders supposed to be brave and courageous? Aren’t real leaders ultimately supposed tell us the truth? But instead we hear them say time and time again that climate change is “important” to them, that they will make it “central to their programme” if they are in government. At the same time they continue talking about their intentions to expand airports, cut support for renewable technology and set targets that are way too far away to make a meaningful difference."For a luxury powerhouse such as Net-a-Porter to position sustainability front and centre is certainly heartening and, hopefully, the catalyst for real change within the industry. There are high street brands, too, striving to improve their sustainable credentials, encouraged by the likes of Fashion Revolution, which assesses how transparent fashion brands are every year. Referring to the government's rejection of EAC proposals, Orsola de Castro, co-founder of Fashion Revolution said: "Despite the fact that the fashion industry is proved to pollute and exploit, the government has chosen to ignore its impact, and act like its business as usual. The onus for improvement lies firmly with governments and brands, not with consumers, and the UK government is missing an opportunity to show progressive thinking as well protecting its citizens from human and environmental exploitation."Let's hope that Net Sustain is the start of real change throughout the industry, for as Curtis writes so eloquently: "Climate change is not an issue for tomorrow, it’s an issue of today. Today, there are people all over the world who are already suffering from the devastating consequences of our inaction: droughts, heatwaves, cyclones and wildfires. Today, we’re seeing how countries are treating immigrants and those seeking asylum with intolerance and hatred. Today, we’re seeing the loss of thousands of species of plants and animals, yet those in positions of power continue to absolve their responsibilities."© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a reason Jenna Lyons became famous. It’s not just because of her own, seemingly inimitable and utterly distinctive personal style (those square black glasses are to Lyons what the bob haircut is to Anna Wintour). Nor is it because she was already a household name as a designer when she went to J.Crew. It’s because she transformed a mid-tier, preppy retailer into an indomitable force that even the upper echelons of the fashion industry couldn’t – and certainly didn’t want to – ignore.Through a mix of clever styling and a fusion of punchy pieces (sequin cardigans, jazzy earrings and bright colours, for example) with the preppy staples (Breton tops, khaki trousers) for which it was known, J.Crew became one of the most exciting brands on the fashion landscape. But when Lyons left the brand in 2017, she took that irresistible allure with her and since then, J.Crew has been plagued with empty shops and reports of mounting debt. Could Chris Benz, the brand new creative director who has just taken the reins at the label, be the answer to its problems?Multiple reports about Benz refer to that great American adage of ‘drinking the Kool-Aid’, largely based on the fact that he was at J.Crew straight out of the prestigious Parsons School of Design in NYC – during Lyons’ tenure – and is now back, proclaiming his passion for J.Crew and its very American identity. But it feels very genuine, as Benz returns with his hard-earned experience of running his own label. “J.Crew was my first job and I guess you always feel something for that,” Benz says. “I’m excited that I now have the ability and authority to reimagine the brand in a very specific and personal way. The thing I have always loved about the brand, and I think many others share my view of this, is that there’s this really great American irreverence to everything that we do, meaning there’s a preppy aesthetic with a twist, there’s a dressed-up, party outfit but with a little bit of wit around it and I think that’s something that is really baked into the brand in an authentic way.”While the media frenzy that used to accompany J.Crew and anything it did (editors employed all the superlatives they could think of) has certainly quietened since Lyons departed, the pizazz she brought to the brand still lingers in the ruffle on a cotton sundress or the wide array of bright gobstopper jewels seen on earrings, for example. There’s also royal fans in Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle, arguably two of the world’s most effective “influencers” – however indirectly – at the moment.Indeed, Markle’s coat sold out at rapid speed when she wore it on a visit to Birmingham last year. But in this current, saturated market in which Instagram is playing king-maker to so many new brands, all keen to carve out their own identity in a sea of influencers and #spon posts, is J.Crew pursuing a social media-led strategy in a bid to compete? “Any new platform where we can reach our existing customers or new customers is obviously to everyone’s benefit,” says Benz. “I think that adapting to whatever is the most modern platform to connect with our customers is definitely the way to go. J.Crew was one of the first brands to sell online, actually.We launched in the late 90s, which I think is very forward-thinking. I think there’s definitely a version of that forward-thinking we can use now.”Benz has designed two pieces as part of collaborations that were in place before he joined. One is a tie-dye Breton tee (already sold out), the other a basket bag. While they are available to order from the US site, Benz’s first full collection won’t appear until Spring 2020. He’s remaining fairly tight-lipped on the specifics of what it might look like but he is sure that he wants to remain true to the heart of the J.Crew aesthetic. “I would love to stay as true as possible to what I see as the core values of the brand – the pillars of J.Crew, as it were – through very unique colour, great materials like cotton poplin and cashmere and all sorts of garment dyes that we can mix-and-match so that we can play around and support personal style. I think that gives us a great opportunity to maintain the look and feel of the brand in different ways but also move it ahead.”It’s clear that the concept of personal style and how that can be manipulated, as exemplified by Lyons, has been an overwhelming influence on Benz. “When I first started in 2004 this period of experimentation with personal style was really in its infancy. It was definitely inspiring to experience that from a design standpoint when at that time, it wasn’t really customary for women to wear a sequin cardigan during the daytime, for example, and there was this push to educate and bring our customer along and introduce her to some new styling concepts. That, I think, is my biggest takeaway from that period [working under Lyons], in thinking about partnering with your customer, giving her what she wants but also challenging her from a design and styling perspective.”One of the beautiful things about heading a company such as J.Crew – America’s answer to a heritage brand, in many ways – is that there will also be a loyal customer base, ready and waiting to buy all of their essentials. But, as Benz says, this may be both a blessing and a curse. “A challenge but also a benefit that I see is that each and every person who has an opinion about the brand has it because they have a personal relationship with it. People are passionate about J.Crew in a way that feels very unique compared to the way they talk about other brands – it’s so much a part of people’s story, what they’re wearing to their wedding and parties and to the office. There’s a very obvious, personal connection that they have. A challenge is keeping as many of those people happy and fulfilling expectations and needs of those customers who are very passionate about the brand.”Benz prioritises “style and quality over the idea of trends and fashion”, which is definitely a much-needed sentiment in the current climate, where fashion’s impact on the environment is being largely ignored by world leaders. How that translates to the actual collections remains to be seen but Benz is keen to emphasise the concept of J.Crew dressing us all for 24 hours a day. “I’m looking at the categories that are perhaps smaller but seem to be performing well and I want to build those up more, identifying places where we can respond to the way that women are dressing in actuality on the street. I’m definitely into great products that may be on trend, may be off trend but that have longevity. And some kind of emotion in them, whether it’s a pop-colour shoe that can be worn in a bunch of different ways – that’s more interesting and will resonate with shoppers more than of-the-moment trend pieces.”Can J.Crew climb back up to its previously lofty position, presiding over fashion’s mid-market brands as once before? One difficulty may be that, since J.Crew’s heyday, many brands have targeted that sweet-spot in the market, appealing to a more accessible price point. Ganni, for example, has enjoyed stratospheric success in the last few years, amassing a huge following of cool girls all over the world. But Benz sees J.Crew entering a “new era”, and he seems confident in his own plans for the brand. “I have a pretty clear picture of what I anticipate the look and feel of this new era to be. To me it seems like a logical trajectory to get from where we are to where I want us to be but now it’s just about making all the pieces that fit into that road map.”Come Spring next year, there’s a chance we’ll all be a part of J.Crew’s new era.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In February this year, the Environmental Audit Committee (EAC) published a report on the social and environmental impact of disposable ‘fast fashion’ and the wider clothing industry. In the report, recommendations were made about how to ameliorate the current situation, which sees 300,000 tonnes of clothing sent to landfill or incineration every year. Said recommendations covered everything from raising money to invest in recycling programmes to monitoring labour practices to ensure that working conditions are safe and fair. Today, the government's response has been published by the EAC and every single recommendation has been rejected.Some of the key recommendations proposed included placing a ban on incinerating or landfilling unsold stock that can be reused or recycled. The report also suggested that mandatory environmental targets be put in place for fashion retailers with a turnover above £36 million. Also rejected was the introduction of a one penny charge per garment, designed to fund recycling schemes and to discourage the culture of disposable fashion.With regard to workers' rights, the EAC report suggested that the government publish a list of retailers required to release a modern slavery statement that can be accessed by the public. "This should be supported by an appropriate penalty for those companies who fail to report and comply with the Modern Slavery Act," read the proposal. According to the EAC, no recommendations relating to modern slavery have been adopted.Mary Creagh MP, chair of the EAC said: "Fashion producers should be forced to clear up the mountains of waste they create. The government has rejected our call, demonstrating that it is content to tolerate practices that trash the environment and exploit workers despite having just committed to net zero emission targets. The government is out of step with the public who are shocked by the fact that we are sending 300,000 tonnes of clothes a year to incineration or landfill. Ministers have failed to recognise that urgent action must be taken to change the fast fashion business model which produces cheap clothes that cost the earth."The EAC's original report also suggested that the government needed to take a proactive role in enforcing the National Minimum Wage – their response being that HMRC and other enforcement agencies are already doing this. “We presented the government with the evidence that it has failed to stop garment workers in this country being criminally underpaid, despite its claim that the number of national minimum wage inspectors has increased," said Creagh.“The public has a right to know that the clothes they buy are not produced by children or forced labour, however the government hasn’t accepted our recommendations on the Modern Slavery Act to force fashion retailers to increase transparency in their supply chains.“This is plain wrong. The EAC will be closely monitoring steps that the government claims it is taking to address the problems exposed in our report."In the last week, we've seen fast fashion brand Missguided further disregard the planet with its £1 bikini. While it sold out in every size, there was significant criticism on social media as people pointed out not just the environmental implications but also the murky manufacturing processes inevitably involved with producing something so cheaply.Given that an investigation by the Financial Times last year revealed 'Dark Factories' in the UK, where workers are severely underpaid and forced to work in unsafe conditions, the super-fun, excitable marketing tone taken to promote the £1 bikini feels more insidious than ever. We are all responsible for this planet – only we can choose to make different decisions when it comes to what we buy and from where.Luckily, there are some high street brands striving to make a difference. While the ideal situation would be to refrain from buying more, it's obvious that that's not a realistic target to set. So, if you are looking for something new, consider buying from one of the below brands instead. You may just help to reduce fashion's increasingly worrisome impact.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Marylin Monroe, Princess Diana and Rihanna, what do they all have in common? A love of pearls. Between them, they have inspired three generations of women to embrace the timeless luxury of pearl jewellery, and this summer is no different.According to new research by Thorntons, 57% of British women now own a piece of pearl jewellery, with a third of 18-24-year old’s snapping up a pearl accessory in the last six months. With both the Duchesses of Cambridge and Sussex also sporting the trend, it’s no surprise the Kate and Meghan effect combined has inspired such an upswing in the decadent, timeless accessory.‘Pearls are a huge trend for this Spring/Summer,’ says celebrity stylist Nisha Grewal, ‘The best thing about an accessories trend is that it’s a really accessible way to update existing pieces in your wardrobe. Adding pearls in 2019 can elevate even the most basic of outfit and add a touch of luxury.’In fact, our obsession with pearls has pushed the trend beyond even the fashion industry, with Thorntons themselves bringing out their very own edible treasures; Thorntons Pearls. Sharing the commonality of being both affordable and luxurious, the sumptuous chocolates are the perfect treat for friends and family. And now, the luxury chocolate makers have even recreated a selection of iconic pearl-wearing moments with the accessories made from chocolate - truly good enough to eat. Click through the gallery to see the Thorntons chocolate jewellery...Thornton's Pearls2of5‘Our research shows that eating luxury chocolate is our nation’s favourite affordable treat, and our new Thorntons Pearls make this experience available to all,’ said Ian Tweedale, Marketing Director at Thorntons, ‘Thorntons Pearls are available in two delicious and decadent flavours – Salted Caramel and Nutty Crunch - and are perfect for sharing or treating yourself.’But how do you style the real things? Do you channel your inner Princess Diana and stick to a statement necklace or should we be incorporating them into our wardrobes in subtler ways? Luckily for us, Nisha was on hand with her celebrity styling tips and tricks to answer all our pearl-related questions for this SS19 trend…Credit: Lousie Thompson Instagram'We're seeing pearls mixed with hearts, shells and other jewels and textures,' says Nisha, 'Don't feel confined to wearing only pearls. Mix in with your existing jewellery or simply add alongside gold hoops for a very current feel.'Credit: Pinterest'If trying the trend for the first time, perhaps keep the rest of your outfit simple,' says Nisha, 'Pearls are an eye catching gem, so try opting for a statement pair of earrings or a bold necklace and let the pearls do the talking.'Credit: Pinterest'Take pearls on holiday with you,' says Nisha, 'You can create a beach to bar look by adding a pair of beautiful pearl beaded sandals or pearl encrusted headband to your look.'Credit: lilyrosekingx Instagram'Try adding pearls to your occasion wear looks this season by adding a pearl hair slide or beaded bag, this gives an element of luxe whilst still having a contemporary edge,' says Nisha, 'As we're seeing pearls becoming more popular, looking through some of the latest red carpet looks is a great way to steal some inspiration for your own outfit.'Credit: magdabutrym Instagram'Don't be nervous, there are no rules,' says Nisha, 'Go with what makes you feel great, have fun and experiment! If you're testing the trend for the first time, why not borrow accessories from friends or family – playing with jewels you might not normally wear is a great way to explore new looks.'Credit: Pinterest'Don't think that pearls are just a "dressy" accessory,' says Nisha, 'Try pearl earrings or a pearl cuff with a laid back casual look for added impact, every day. I personally love pearls with a grey cashmere jumper or tee! Tonally it's also very beautiful.'Want to get your very own fashion tips from the celebrity-stylist expert herself? You (and a friend!) could be in with a chance! Thorntons are running a competition for one lucky Grazia reader and their chosen plus one to win a personal styling session with Nisha in London, on a set date in July or August. Enter by completing the competition entry form here. Full terms and conditions below*.Thorntons Pearls are available exclusively from Thorntons stores and online at thorntons.co.uk.To redeem your voucher in store, please visit your local Thorntons store, select your packs of Pearls and show this offer on your phone at the check-out to get 20% off. You can search for your local store here. To redeem your voucher online, go to thorntons.co.uk, add Thorntons Pearls Salted Caramel or Thorntons Pearls Nutty Crunch 167g or 283g to your bag and use the code Grazia20 at the checkout to get 20% off - click here to start. Ts & Cs for 20% reader offerOffer available to Grazia readers in the UK and NI stores between 20/05/19 – 20/06/19. Subject to availability. Offer can be redeemed in Thorntons owned stores only or online at thorntons.co.uk. 20% discount will only be applied to Thorntons Pearls single boxes or giftset. No cash alternative for coupon offer.To redeem in-store: purchase a box of Thorntons Pearls Salted Caramel and/or Nutty Crunch 167g or 283g and get 20% off when you show this offer on your phone at your local Thorntons owned store at the checkout.To redeem online: go to www.thorntons.co.uk, add Thorntons Pearls Salted Caramel or Thorntons Pearls Nutty Crunch 167g or 283g, or the Thorntons Pearls giftset to your bag and use the code Grazia20 at the checkout to get 20% off.Open to UK and ROI residents aged 18+ only. Open from 9am on 02/05/19 – 10pm on 20/06/19. Only one entry per person. To enter: complete a competition form here www.Thorntons.co.uk/thorntons-pearls and complete the entry form. No purchase necessary. Internet access required. Prizes: 3 x celebrity stylist, Nisha Grewal, fashion styling sessions. The prize will need to be taken on a set day in July or August in London, winners will be notified 10 days before such date and will need to make themselves available in order to claim the prize. For full Ts & Cs and prize details visit www.Thorntons.co.uk/thorntons-pearls. Promoter: Thorntons Limited, 889 Greenford Road, Greenford, Middlesex UB6 0HE.By entering this prize draw, entrants agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions governing this promotion and by any other requirements set out in related promotional materials.Entry is open to UK and Republic of Ireland residents only aged 18 and over with the exception of employees of the Promoter or anyone else associated with the administration of this promotion.The promotion will begin at 9am on 2nd May 2019 and closes at 10pm on 20th June 2019 (“Promotion Period”).Only one entry per person.No entries from agents, third parties or organised groups will be accepted. No bulk entries.To enter: complete a competition in a Thorntons store or go to www.Thorntons.co.uk/thorntons-pearls, and complete the entry form during the Promotion Period.No purchase necessary.Internet access is required to enter.Prizes: There are three prizes available to be won, each consisting of a celebrity styling session with Nisha Grewal for the winner and a friend.Prize Conditions:a. The celebrity stylist session will take place in London on a set date. Winners will be notified 10 days in advance of such date and will need to make themselves available to attend. Winners will need to confirm they can attend within one week of being notified of the date. If they cannot attend, no alternative dates will be offered and they will forfeit the prize.b. Winners will be required to complete a short questionnaire and send photos of themselves before the session.c. Travel costs of up to £500 per winner (£250 for the winner and £250 for their friend) will be covered by the Promoter. Accommodation will not be offered.d. The Promoter will also provide £200 spending money for the winner and £200 for their friend on the day of the stylist session.e. The Prize does not include additional activities or services, or any other costs of a personal nature that are not explicitly set out in these terms and conditions or confirmed when the winner is notified and neither the Promoter nor any provider of any part of the prize will be responsible for any such costs.The winners will be selected at random from all valid entries received after the end of the Promotion Period, under independent supervision. The winners will be notified by email or telephone to the email address/telephone number provided on the entry form by 28th June 2019. The winners will then have five days to respond to confirm acceptance of the prize, if a winner does not respond to the Promoter within this time, they will forfeit their prize and the Promoter shall select another winner at random from all remaining valid entries.Proof of identity may be required before the prize is awarded to the winner.The Promoter’s decision is final and binding in all matters and no correspondence will be entered into.The Promoter accepts no responsibility for late, incomplete, incorrectly submitted, corrupted or misdirected entries, claims or correspondence whether due to error, omission, alteration, tampering, deletion, theft, destruction, transmission interruption, communications failure or otherwise.All winners must, at the Promoter’s request, participate in reasonable promotional activity (such as publicity and photography) surrounding the winning of the prize, free of charge, and they consent to the Promoter using their name and images in promotional material.The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies will not be liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this promotion or accepting or using the prize (including to any guests), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law (including personal injury, death and fraud) in which case that liability is limited to the minimum allowable by law.The prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for cash or any other form of compensation, this also includes the selling of prizes to third parties. In the event for any reason the prize winners do not take an element of the prize at the time stipulated by the Promoter, then that element of the prize will be forfeited by the winners and neither cash nor any other form of compensation will be supplied in lieu of that element of the prize. If for any reason a prize is not available, the Promoter reserves the right to substitute another prize for it, in its sole discretion, of equal or higher value.If for any reason any aspect of this promotion is not capable of running as planned, including by reason of infection by computer virus, network failure, bugs, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or any cause beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this promotion, the Promoter may in its sole discretion cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the promotion, or invalidate any affected entries.The Promoter accepts no responsibility for any damage, loss, liabilities, injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the promotion or accepting the prize. The Promoter further disclaims liability for any injury or damage to your or any other person's computer relating to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in connection with this promotion.The Promoter reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this promotion with or without prior notice due to reasons outside its control (including, without limitation, in the case of anticipated, suspected or actual fraud). The decision of the Promoter in all matters under its control is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into.If a winning entry from a draw is deemed not to comply with these conditions of entry, the entry will be discarded and a new winner of the prize will be randomly selected.The Promoter reserves the right to publish the names and counties of residence of the winner(s).The surname name and county of the winners may be obtained by writing to Thorntons Contact Center, Thorntons Park, Alfreton, Derbyshire DE55 4XJ up to one month after the Closing Date, provided the winner has given their consent for their details to be shared.These terms and conditions are governed by English Law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.If you would like a written copy of these full Terms and Conditions, please write to: Thorntons Contact Center, Thorntons Park, Alfreton, Derbyshire DE55 4XJBy entering this Promotion you give the Promoter and its agencies your consent to process your personal data for the purpose of conducting this promotion only. The Promoter may disclose winners’ personal information to its contractors and agents to assist in conducting this promotion, fulfilling the prize or communicating with entrants. Any personal data the Promoter or its agencies obtains in relation to the entrants of the Promotion, shall only be kept for a period of three months following the end of the Promotion, following this time it shall be deleted or destroyed. Any personal data relating to the winner shall only be kept for a period of 18 months following the end of the Promotion for fulfilment of the prize, after which time it shall be deleted or destroyedThe Promoter is bound by the Data Protection Acts (1984 and 1998) and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018. Entrants can request access to the personal information the Promoter holds about them by contacting Thorntons Contact Center, Thorntons Park, Alfreton, Derbyshire DE55 4XJ. For further information about the Promoter’s privacy policy please visit www.thorntons.co.uk.Data Controller: Thorntons Limited, 889 Greenford Road, Greenford, Middlesex UB6 0HE.Promoter: Thorntons Limited, 889 Greenford Road, Greenford, Middlesex UB6 0HE© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The weather outside has been pretty frightful for the last fortnight, which is why we’re abandoning this green and pleasant land for far flung shores. To be clear, we don’t have any annual leave booked and our passport is very much staying in our bedside table. What we’re talking about is clothes. Clothes that look like you could be exploring a Marrakech souk or are about to take on the Santa Monica surf. We’re calling it destination dressing. Here are the five spots to style-out this summer. Technicolour dream trousers, made for island life 🌈🌻 (trousers gifted)A post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Jun 8, 2019 at 4:48am PDTSkater tees, surf shorts, net bags and tie-dye all add up to a seriously cool Cali girl. Accessorise with proper sun protection: a bucket hat and fabulously retro sunglasses. Silverflame 🖤A post shared by  Pernille Teisbaek (@pernilleteisbaek) on May 25, 2019 at 11:07am PDTMake Paco Rabanne’s disco goddess your muse for the sultry beachclub season. Chainmail, spangles and movie-star shades are in. Going through 1000 unread email be like @thefrankieshop @byfar_official #frankiegirl #byfarA post shared by  Tiffany Hsu (@handinfire) on May 10, 2019 at 4:32am PDTThe Seventies glamour of Yves Saint Laurent’s Marrakech villa is your spiritual home this summer. Pick up sun-baked prints and seashell net bags. When New York feels like Miami 🏖A post shared by  Babba C Rivera (@babba) on Jun 2, 2019 at 11:33am PDTA wardrobe ripe for yacht-hopping means a nautical colour palette and plenty of stripes. Only a sun hat with a major brim will pass muster. 🧺 Countryside, love you, you feel good @mango #mangogirls #mango #adA post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on Jun 2, 2019 at 12:12pm PDTOK, we haven’t quite given up on having a fabulous British summer. Fill your wardrobe with ditsy prints, puffed sleeves and a bit of tweed. The finishing touch? A butter-wouldn’t-melt hair bow.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It started with a dream, quite literally. Kate Zubarieva, during a Christmas Day nap, imagined herself standing in a pyjama factory. Six months later in 2014, she and her friend Asya Varetsa had launched Sleeper, the brand responsible for the oft-photographed dresses currently reaching our eyeballs via Instagram. As fashion editors in Russia and Ukraine, it's no surprise that the pair managed to create clothes that women really want to wear, but considering the fact that they launched the brand in Kiev during the Ukrainian Revolution of Dignity – not to mention the fact that it's a collection of nightwear – it was certainly no mean feat.Although Sleeper launched five years ago, its combination of comfort, ease and an aesthetic that is perfectly aligned with fashion's current zeitgeist has made it ripe for now – something which is reflected in the myriad influencers tagging the brand on Instagram. For Zubarieva, she thinks that it is down to a shift in the way women are dressing. "I consider that the boundaries of wearing loungewear are now getting blurred," she says. "For one, as we all can observe, so-called dress code becomes an atavism. Nowadays, people’s perception of style is solely based on their own ideas about beauty and convenience." Wow! Stunning @dakotafanning looks incredible in Sleeper “Atlanta” Linen dress in Linum ❤️ Shop our New Collection online👆A post shared by  Sleeper (@daily_sleeper) on Apr 23, 2019 at 12:41pm PDTWhile Sleeper's dresses and pyjamas are designed as loungewear and nightwear, they have been appropriated as everything from holiday frocks to black tie outfits, and it's that sense of mobility which Varetsa thinks has contributed to the brand's success. "I think it's about mobility and simplicity. One can wear real pajamas, slip into mules, throw over a coat and go out with the dog to a café – isn’t it wonderful? The same applies to traveling to holiday resorts. The idea of being comfortable both on the beach and at dinner with friends just having packed three dresses is very appealing.” It’s National Wear Your Pajamas To Work Day!  @busyphilipps looks incredible in Light Blue Pajamas “12/26” on @busytonighttv 💙A post shared by  Sleeper (@daily_sleeper) on Apr 16, 2019 at 12:35pm PDTPuff-sleeve dresses, feather-trimmed pyjama sets and breezy, linen midis are Sleeper's signatures and have led to stockists like Net-a-Porter experiencing sell-out success. Just two days ago, Net-a-Porter launched two new shoes that are a collaboration between London-based label Le Monde Beryl and Sleeper, and – unsurprisingly – several sizes have already sold out. It seems that Zubarieva and Varetsa certainly have the magic touch, which could possibly be largely attributed to the fact that they're both women, designing for women. “We think that there is some truth to this statement," they say. "We think of women who always inspired us and we can relate because when we’re creating our collections there’s no need to rely on marketing research." 100% organic, 200% fabulous 🧡 @slipintostyle and her Dijon Orange Loungewear Dress! Shop online👆A post shared by  Sleeper (@daily_sleeper) on Jun 12, 2019 at 1:38am PDTThe pair are keen to open pop-up shops in cities all over the world, starting with their current home in New York. "We've just introduced our basic line of linen pajamas, robes and bags and we are definitely planning to extend our accessories line in future," says Varetsa. "But we also have a big dream to open a huge factory with a learning center where we’ll be sharing our experiences to educate new generations of seamstresses, embroiderers, engineers and technologists to design first-class clothes.” Suns out huns out 🎀☀️A post shared by  Laura Jackson (@iamlaurajackson) on Jun 1, 2019 at 3:17am PDTIn the current climate, where retailers are facing more pressure than ever to examine their practices and ensure that they're focusing on sustainability and ethical modes of production, Sleeper is certainly an antidote to fast fashion and transient trends. The brand supports artisan manufacturing techniques and each piece is handmade using natural, eco-friendly fabrics. Also, because each piece is made-to-order, there isn't any waste. Not your average bicep decorA post shared by  Harling Ross (@harlingross) on Jun 6, 2019 at 6:45am PDTLike many start-up companies, Sleeper has relied on social media and its (inexpensive) role as a tool for marketing. In fact, as both Zubarieva and Varetsa explain, it has been invaluable in the growth of their brand: “When we launched Sleeper in 2014, we had no experience in designing clothes, just $2,000 in savings and a dream. We just didn’t have any budget to do a paid advertisement but we really wanted to tell our story and make people hear our voice. Instagram was a perfect way to express ourselves. But the most important advantage of Instagram for us is to receive an immediate feedback from our audience. We can see the photos of our clients in our garments, we read all the comments, so we always can see the final result of our work. We truly believe that our happy customers are the best advertisement.”© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dolce and Gabbana is in the process of rebuilding its brand image. In November last year, it was forced to cancel a fashion show in Shanghai amid allegations of racism. The design duo have also provoked outcry with their opinions of children born through IVF, for which they have since apologised. Today, however, the brand is making headlines for a far more positive reason, which is the fact that it has decided to extend its range of sizes to include a UK 22.Speaking to The Telegraph, the designers said "Extending our clothing size range is a tribute to women, to feminine body shapes and to beauty in its entirety... For us, it was natural to extend the sizes of some clothes of our collections: we have always loved the female silhouette in every size and shape.” Indeed, the fashion house has long used a range of models to showcase its designs, most recently including Ashley Graham and Monica Bellucci. But it has also come under fire for its range of accessories that featured the slogan 'I am thin and gorgeous', back in 2017. Nevertheless, the designers said: "Beauty is not a matter of size, it is not measured in centimeters. It is instead a state of mind, an attitude."This news comes hot off the back of Nike's decision to feature mannequins that are also the equivalent of a UK size 22, suggesting that many retailers are now waking up to the fact that not all women are a size 16 and under. Sadly, the truth is that much of the fashion industry still regards a UK 16 to be an XXL, when in fact it is the average national dress size of women. Also, the brands that do cater to a 16 are few and far between, as illustrated by the fact that Net-a-Porter only offers 48 items in this size, out of a total of 6,869 items available on site.Whether or not Dolce's decision will trigger other fashion brands to do the same remains to be seen. But the fact that a wider variety of women's bodies are finally being represented can only be a good thing.Dolce & Gabbana Capri gallery2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When I was 13 and utterly committed to Mizz magazine, I read the sort of hilarious style advice for 'date night' that included, to paraphrase, "just wow him in your best little black dress!" Now, I'm not sure what kind of teenager you were, but I certainly wasn't going on dates at 13, nor did I own anything other than pastel mini skirts and tops decorated with cartoon cats from Tammy Girl. This is possibly why I am more excited than most at the recent renaissance of the LBD, previously overshadowed by fashion's recent penchant for frills and flounces. But simplicity is back, friends! Just ask Selena Gomez.I've never really paid much attention to the wardrobe of Selena Gomez. Not for any reason, other than my parents' aversion to the Disney channel meaning I sort of missed her rise to fame. This week, however, she wore a black feathered Celine dress to the premiere of her new Netflix series The Dead Don't Die and I can't stop thinking about it.It looked modern, classic, chic and vampy all at the same time. Similarly, Sienna Miller wore a black lace Miu Miu midi to the Tony Awards and, against a rainbow backdrop, stood out as one of the best dressed of the evening.This prompted some serious (ahem) research. I discovered that black dresses have been enjoying something of a renaissance of late. There was Jennifer Lawrence in Dior at the X-Men: Dark Phoenix premiere in LA and Gomez (again) in her own black Dior number back in April.Mindy Kaling wore a Valentino LBD to the LA premiere of Late Night and looked completely sensational. There was even Tessa Thompson – she of the perfectly executed sartorial risks – in a little black dress by Alexandre Vauthier, although admittedly it was encrusted with silver buckles and worn with silver knee-high boots.Naturally, for someone who went to see Spiceworld: The Movie in 1997 and hasn't stopped thinking about the scene on the bus with the "little Gucci dress", I'm absolutely delighted. Firstly, black looks great on absolutely everybody. Secondly, you can make it work with anything – more black, bright colours. Both?Happily, there are countless black dresses – little or otherwise – available at the moment, and I'm intending to wear one for every vaguely dressed-up occasion from now until, well, maybe I actually won't be stopped.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's summer but it's raining.; it's muggy but it's also cold. Not only is this weather ruining our chance to drink rosé al fresco as and when we feel like it, it's also turning the very mundane action of getting dressed into a full-blown existential crisis. Summer dresses feel too flimsy, coats on top too warm. Should we break out the knitwear again, that we so carefully vacuum packed only a few weeks ago and spent hours shoving under the bed until it disappeared from sight? Don't even get me started on what the hell we should wear on our feet.Well, maybe Kate Middleton has the answer. Arriving at the first annual Addiction Awareness Gala in London last night, she suggested that the answer to our sartorial conundrum might just be an off-the-shoulder neckline. Groundbreaking it isn't, but it sure is an excellent answer to a grey, rainy summer.While K-Mid's dress is a Barbara Casasola design that she first wore in 2016, the brand has a similar style still available (and in the Net-a-Porter sale, no less). But there is, obviously, a wealth of Bardot frocks available at the moment for a significantly more affordable price. Because, come June 24 – which is when we've been promised a heatwave – that rosé won't pay for itself.A going-out top you can wear with jeans that still feels summery – it'll also look excellent on holiday. This may as well have been directly inspired by K-Mid's own Bardot dress. Wear with ankle boots while it's pouring and swap for sandals later on.A wear-everywhere midi that you can layer up if you need extra weather-proofing or wear with strappy sandals when the heatwave (finally) arrives. You can wear this either on or off the shoulder and it can easily be dressed up or down. It's the sort of dress that's as appropriate for work as it is weekends.Summer, but make it cosy. Wear this jumper pulled down off your shoulders with a pretty midi skirt and kitten heels for a rain-proof take on date night dressing. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not to keep banging the same old drum, but the average UK size for women is a 16. That only becomes something to really think about when you consider the way in which we're all sold clothes. Take, for example, the fact that Nike's new mannequins have prompted a national debate about whether or not the sports brand is 'promoting obesity' – we are so conditioned to see the smallest size possible than anything different feels incongruent. While the fashion industry has made serious strides in catering to a 'plus-size' market, there is still a distinct lack of representation of women's bodies that may be larger than a size 8. H&M, however, is looking to change this.A few weeks ago, H&M posted an image of a model in a bikini to its Instagram page. The woman in question is, of course, extremely attractive and is slim. She's not, however, the sort of slim we've come to expect from most fashion images. Most refreshingly of all, H&M didn't make a song and dance about this. It wasn't referenced in the caption, it only stated that its new swimwear was now available. The model was not heralded as 'plus-size' – if she had been, the Instagram post would have taken on a very different tone, especially considering the fact that the model, while slightly bigger than most very slim models, is still undoubtedly below that UK average size. Oh, sweet summer escape. ☀️ New stunning swimwear, out now! #HM Super push-up bikini top: 0582480032 Tie tanga bikini bottom: 0586896039A post shared by  H&M (@hm) on May 5, 2019 at 4:25am PDTSince then, there have been a number of images cropping up on H&M's Instagram profile featuring other models of a similar shape. Judging by the overwhelmingly positive reaction of many of the brand's followers, this is clearly a very welcome change. Today, the brand launches its swimwear collaboration with Love Stories, using a model who is also perhaps closer to a size 10 than fashion's more ubiquitous size 6-8. Spell summer with one perfect dress. 🌻 #HM Dress: 0751225001A post shared by  H&M (@hm) on Jun 7, 2019 at 3:55am PDTIn a statement, the brand said: "H&M proudly celebrates the beauty of diversity in our campaigns. We recognise our responsibility to promote a positive and healthy body image, so it is important to us to work with models with different sizes, looks, styles and backgrounds."Of course, it's important to emphasise that these models are still slim and able-bodied. But the fact that a major high street brand is working to make such changes quietly, happily ensuring that its representation of women's bodies is more diverse, can only be a good thing. It's the indication that things are changing, a point further illustrated by M&S' Instagram posts featuring a model in underwear. The comments underneath the photographs were full of praise for the brand, as women were quick to rejoice in the fact that the model looked more like them than any other lingerie model they'd seen. Add a sporty twist to your lingerie collection with our navy underwired bra and matching knickers with all over lace detailing. The bra handily comes as a 2-pack alongside a red version for the ability to mix and match. Made from, comfortably soft cotton this everyday bra will soon become a firm favourite. Tap to shop.A post shared by  M&S (@marksandspencer) on Apr 26, 2019 at 9:08am PDTThere's clearly still a long way to go when it comes to inclusivity in fashion. But it's promising to see major brands actually put their money where their mouth is and put women of different sizes women in their campaigns, without making it about size at all.Size is, after all, simply a number.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)One thing that fashion's 'It' girls have in common? They know how to style an outfit to perfection - and they do it with ease. We've seen them strutting the streets during Fashion Week, and we've spotted them dominating Instagram's most-popular page - and now we want to know which trends these fashionistas will be donning for summer. Want in, too? Take some style cues from our favourite Mango girls, below...Dress, £49.99; Jacket, £59.99; All from Mango.Fashionista Leia Sfez told Grazia: 'This season, I'm loving fringes on clothing and accessories. I liked mixing this very straight and structured jacket with this feminine dress - it created a chic and comfortable look that I can wear to the office or for after-work drinks. I decided to pair my outfit with flat sandals to make the look feel less serious and more cool. Other trends I plan on rocking this season are tie dye prints and oversized sleeves on tops and dresses.'Shirt, £29.99; Trousers, £25.99; All from Mango.Instagram influencer Nuria Val told Grazia: 'I love to mix different fabrics and prints. Spring is a perfect time for shirts, as well as playful colours and patterns.'Top, £35.99, Skirt, £35.99; from Mango.'I really love this set of shirt and skirt, I feel it's really classy with some sandals but you can also tone it down with sneakers. If I was to add accessories, I'd choose oversized earrings and a raffia bag,' says Nuria.Skirt, £35.99, Top, £19.99; Necklace, £19.99 from Mango.Style maven Yasmin Sewell told Grazia 'I'm really loving printed skirts at the moment. When I wear them I tend to keep my accessories pretty minimalistic to not draw too much attention away from the skirt. I like pieces that flow on my legs and are more fitted on top, and I also like to mix up feminine pieces with slightly rougher ones.'Skirt, £59.99, Top, £17.99, Shoes, £29.99; All from Mango.Speaking about her look, Yasmin said 'I love the silhouette of this outfit, I’m always drawn to loose skirts and tank style tops. They create a feminine finish that's perfect for dinner or a stroll on the beach. As I’m going into summer, I'm adding a lot of long skirts, boyish T-shirts and vintage dresses into my wardrobe.'Shop these looks and more at Mango and below:Grazia's Mango Edit2of16© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A while ago now, Topshop quietly dropped a new dress style on its website under the title ‘Topshop Loves’, a new weekly installment of cult items guaranteed to sell at lightning speed. The first was the Austin dress – available in both floral and star prints – with loose, short sleeves and a cut-out back detail. It was a very reasonable £39 and promptly sold out in just 24 hours.Following that success story, Topshop unveiled the Sicily dress– a blue, striped, one-shoulder midi with waist belt. Basically, it was the ultimate holiday frock for just £40. And of course, it has completely sold out. As has the pink, leopard print midi skirt (just £29). Surprisingly, the £39 monochrome jumpsuit, also featured, is still available in some sizes – while the chic, frilled Riviera playsuit that followed is not. Then there was the Verona ruffle ditsy print tea dress – available in some sizes – and the Phoenix Utility denim playsuit, in-stock in khaki, but not in blue denim. We've also seen the Cairo co-ord, which was just £29 for an entire outfit and even an exciting re-stock of the Austin dress, now available in new colours and prints (and which you can still shop below).Last week saw the launch of what could possibly be the ideal holiday dress. Long, lightweight and with a Bardot neckline, the only thing better than the fact it's in on-trend snake print is the fact that it won't need ironing. You can simply shove it in your suitcase, be on your way and never stop to so much as think about an iron for your entire holiday.Today, you can get your hands on a dreamy midi skirt for £29. It's dreamy because it suits everyone and can also be worn with everything – T-shirts, trainers, cami tops, heels... Also, if you're anything like me, you may be desperately searching your wardrobe every morning for something that still allows you to go without tights but doesn't leave you freezing in this, er, delightful summer weather we've having. This skirt is that thing! Good grief, I'm excited.Needless to say, if you like it, perhaps don't hang around. Time– and Topshop, apparently –waits for no one.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)The fashion industry is the second largest polluter in the world, coming just after the oil industry. The damage that our clothing obsession has on the environment is catastrophic, and it only seems to be getting worse with the rise of fast fashion as the industry increases.Fashion, as fast-paced as it is, has become disposable, and this leads to huge amounts of textile waste. According to a report by Sustain Your Style, 'a family in the western world throws away an average of 30 kg of clothing each year. Only 15% is recycled or donated, and the rest goes directly to the landfill or is incinerated.'¹ That's an awful lot of unused goods being dumped in our environment. Greenhouse gas emissions are also a concern, with the apparel industry accounting for 10% of global carbon emissions, due to 'the energy used during its production, manufacturing, and transportation of the millions garments purchased each year [and] synthetic fibers (polyester, acrylic, nylon, etc.) made from fossil fuel.'¹In addition, the lucrative fashion industry has implications on our oceans. In most countries where garments are produced, toxic waste waters from fashion factories are dumped into rivers, ultimately leading to the ocean. This toxic waste is extremely harmful for sea life and coral reefs, as well as to people who use the water for things like bathing. The fashion industry is also a major consumer of fresh water - it uses 1.5 trillion litres of water each year in order to produce garments¹ - so our fashion addiction isn't only polluting ocean water, it's also reducing the amount of clean water available.But, it's not all doom and gloom: there is one skinwear brand who is tackling the growing and overwhelming issue of ocean pollution. Wolford is the first and only brand with Cradle to Cradle Certified™ gold products in both biological and technical cycles worldwide in the textile and apparel industry. This stamp means that their stylish Aurora collection is qualified safe for biological cycles, and is 100% biodegradable. For example, other products either aren't biodegradable, or are made from non-biodegradable garments like nylon which releases unwanted microfibres and chemicals into the water system when washed. These microfibres consequently make their way into the ocean and can be ingested by aquatic animals, causing them harm.Chemicals are one of the main components in clothes, however, Wolford's biodegradable Cradle to Cradle Certified™ collection has been created using chemical-free, eco-friendly colorants, textiles and technical cycles that have been extensively researched to help combat environmental waste. Essentially, they're ultra-safe, and you can find out more by watching the video below.Plus, after the life cycle of your item has naturally come to an end, you can return them to a Wolford store for a 10% discount off your next Cradle to Cradle Certified™ product. In return, Wolford will take your piece of clothing to an industrial composting station to begin new life as nutrients for our planet. See, your shopping habit doesn't have to be detrimental to the environment! Let's break the habit together and take care of our planet in style, for a world beyond next season.How The Hosiery Industry Is Cleaning Up Our Oceans2of4Do your bit to help save our oceans and shop sustainable fashion at Wolford.¹https://www.sustainyourstyle.org/old-environmental-impacts© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You wouldn't perhaps have guessed that the sight of a grown woman in what are supposed to be child's pyjamas, designed to look like a comic strip, would send other grown adults into a frenzy. But such is the cult of Killing Eve, now in its second season. Ever since Villanelle, the psychopathic assassin (played so brilliantly by Jodie Comer) appeared on our screens in a pink Molly Goddard dress, the character's costumes have been every bit as interesting as the plot. From a pink Rosie Assoulin shirt to Christian Lacroix earrings, season two isn't disappointing, either. But the pyjamas were somewhat of a surprise, even for the designers of the fabric from which they were made.The fabric, produced by Funkifabrics, was apparently purchased by the BBC like any old customer. In fact, speaking to The Independent, Helen Kaitiff, sales director at Funkifabrics said that they were completely unaware the BBC had even bought the fabric to use in the show until they saw photographs on social media.Villanelle is supposed to have taken a child's pyjamas to wear, hence the reason they've been designed to look too short. If you fancy making your own, presumably well-fitting pair, you can buy the fabric – called Comic Bubble Blue/ Silver Galaxy – for £26 per metre.There is some slightly more glamorous nightwear worn by Villanelle in the most recent series of Killing Eve, however, in the form of a tiger print robe designed by Olivia von Halle. While that particular print has sold out, there are others available, from chameleons to bright stripes.In honour of everybody's favourite psychopath, we've collated some of the best pyjamas available. And don't worry – you won't have to make them yourself.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One minute you’re mulling over kebab skewers at your local B&Q, the next you’re watching your flower beds slowly turn into a swamp. What is it with this weather? It makes it almost impossible to get dressed at the best of times - and don’t get us started on festivals and birthday parties in beer gardens.This is why Alexa Chung’s collaboration with Barbour, available as of Sunday, has been met with the kind of jubilance usually reserved for royal weddings. It’s a capsule collection of classic waxed jackets and Glasto-ready macs, all in pleasingly lo-fi pastels - and, naturally, some mud-proof neutrals. As if that wasn't exciting enough, Marc Jacobs has collaborated with Stockholm brand Stutterheim on a few fun rubberised macs.It also got us thinking about the other ways to reality-proof your summer wardrobe to take in wind, rain and nose-diving temperatures. Here are the five hacks to have on your radar now.BUY: Arket, Lightweight Fishtail Parka, £125 A pac-a-mac might be space-efficient when you’re glamping, but it doesn’t exactly say ‘stylish’. Look, instead, for a hooded parka that has pretty details like ruffles and a gentle flare to its shape - so much more flattering when you have to bundle layers underneath at night.BUY: Mango, Contrasting Knit Sweater, £35.99Isn’t a little knit, either something short-sleeved or cream-and-fuzzy, the best idea for beating summer evening chills?BUY: Ganni, Seersucker Checked Hat, £60A sun hat with a handy under-the-neck tie is the only way to ensure you don’t have to chase yours down the beach or retrieve it from underneath someone's car.BUY: & Other Stories, Rectangular Frame Sunglasses, £23 A chunky pair of sunnies will serve you better than dainty cat-eyes on the festival circuit. Choose something in a classic shape that will do double duty for summer sporting events and the school drop-off.BUY: Baukjen, Shirt Dress, £111You can’t go wrong with a shirt dress for a garden party or office summer 'do. They naturally lend themselves to the office but Tessa Thompson also recently proved that stretch-jersey can work for the red carpet at the Men In Black: International photocall in Lanvin.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For those among us who remember a world when self-esteem hung like a very delicate thread based on your current position in your best friend's Top 5 on Myspace and Tuesday evenings were spent glued to the TV as you enjoyed the latest installment of The OC, then you might agree that Instagram has really delivered a thing of joy. Among the pouting selfies and countless humblebrags so ubiquitous on our Insta feeds is now an entire account chronicling, and I quote, "the best tops from the best show". Never a truer word spoken (or written, for that matter). He manages wealth... AS A JOB!A post shared by  Spaghetti Straps of the O.C. (@spaghettistrapsoftheoc) on Jun 1, 2019 at 9:20pm PDTEstablished by The Cut's fashion writer Emilia Petrarca – also responsible for the excellent account @sopranosstyle, which documents "All the best looks from your favorite gaudy goombahs and stylish Italian stallions" – @spaghettistrapsoftheoc is a celebration of the sartorial brilliance displayed by Marissa Cooper and Summer Roberts. There's even a bit of Anna thrown in for good measure – although, presumably because she posed a threat to the Greatest Love Story Of All Time (otherwise known as Summer and Seth), there's only one picture of her. “Blow” 🎲A post shared by  Spaghetti Straps of the O.C. (@spaghettistrapsoftheoc) on Jun 1, 2019 at 8:19pm PDTWhat can we all learn from this genius use of social media? Well, nothing that we didn't already know. Which is to say that 2004 sure did love a low-rise pair of trousers and also that I'd forgotten the fact that the gap between top and trousers essentially defined the epoch.In other news, fashion is truly living up to its cyclical reputation given that many of Summer and Marissa's outfits wouldn't look out of place in a completely-natural-and-not-at-all-posed-for picture on countless Instagram feeds belonging to a multitude of influencers merely following the path that The OC's best women forged. Sort of. All I know is that I, along with my very own Marissa (known as Charlotte to her parents) spent most of 2004 wearing matching Lacoste polo shirts in pastel shades that were too short to meet the low-cut jeans we both bought on a shopping trip one Saturday, in loyal homage to The OC's BFFs. If that's not being influenced, I don't know what is. For the Children’s Hospital 🏩A post shared by  Spaghetti Straps of the O.C. (@spaghettistrapsoftheoc) on Jun 1, 2019 at 9:31pm PDTDo you, too, want to celebrate the mid-noughties style so perfectly encapsulated by @spaghettistrapsoftheoc? Of course you do. So, shop the best tops below.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Duchess of Cambridge wore it for a D-Day exhibition. So did Alexa Chung and Jorja Smith at this week’s Royal Academy summer party. The high street is full of the stuff, it’s super jolly for summer, and it smacks of Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman. We’re talking, of course, about the polka dot print.The internet had a near-meltdown over Kate Middleton’s collared Alessandra Rich dress. It was exactly the same navy-and-white style that the actress Abigail Spencer chose for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s wedding last year and Kate, ever the outfit recycler, has already worn it twice. It might be too early to call it, but it's already won the award for the ultimate summer dress for 2019 in our books. And it’s only the beginning of June.Alexa Chung’s, meanwhile, was Dolly Up Vintage - the thigh-high split and sheer lace panel made sure it didn’t read as ‘Sloane Ranger’ - while Jorja Smith wore a spotted duster coat and matching skirt by 16 Arlington. But don’t think the print has to be black, navy or white.For starters, nothing will cheer you up faster than Uterque’s lime-spotted linen dress if the weather’s not exactly playing ball. And how about this peacock-blue, prettily-ruffled skirt by Whistles? Like we said, super jolly.The rules to live by are as follows. Only wear one size of spot per outfit; keep your accessories pared-back if possible (straw baskets bags, espadrilles, you know the drill), and don’t be afraid to try brown. It worked for Julia Roberts, after all.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If anyone knows how to expertly dress for a red carpet, it’s Billy Porter. And last night's Tony Awards was no exception. Billy stole the show in a ‘gender-fluid evening suit’ which made a loud pro-choice statement about abortion rights. The floral pattern on the red-and-pink tulle outfit - designed by Celestino Couture, complete with 30,000 Swarovski crystals and made in part from the Kinky Boots show curtain - was meant to represent female reproductive organs. Of course, he finished the look with a pair of kitten heels.See below for Billy Porter's best red carpet looks...Billy's show-stopping tux-dress by Christian Siriano at the 2019 Oscars. Billy Porter's Best Red Carpet Looks2of8Billy's show-stopping tux-dress by Christian Siriano at the 2019 Oscars. Billy Porter in a  Celestino Couture tulle red dress at the 78th Annual Peabody Awards. Billy Porter at the 2019 GLSEN Respect Awards in a chic white suit. Billy Porter attends the FYC Event for Pose at the Hollywood Athletic Club, with a statement clutch. Billy Porter at the 2019 Met Gala as an Egyptian Sun God. Billy being carried by six shirtless men into the gala. Billy Porter at the 2019 Tony Awards in a 'gender-fluid' Celestino Couture suit.Billy Porter at the Pose season 2 premiere. ‘At the fitting, we spoke about making a pattern on the train that was in the shape of a uterus, but not obvious of course,’ he told The Hollywood Reporter. ‘And I thought it was awesome because women’s rights are under attack right now.’ Earlier this year, the actor was casually carried into the Met - while dressed as an Egyptian Sun God - by six shirtless men and, at the Oscars, he wore a similarly fabulous black suit-gown. Speaking about his latest look with The New York Times, he said, ‘This question of masculinity, this sort of microscope of heteronormative masculinity that we are very often held up to, especially as leading men, needs to be shattered. You know, it’s toxic and I’m over it and I’ve lived it and I’m not doing it anymore.’Of course, Porter isn’t the only man on the red carpet fed up of being held to heteronormative, masculine standards. At this year’s Met Gala, with the theme of Camp: Notes On Fashion, Ezra Miller and Jared Leto were wearing suits which kinda could have passed for dresses. Harry Styles turned up in a black, sheer Gucci shirt - complete with a pearl earring and painted nails. (And Styles has been seen wearing coloured nails more than once - recently, he turned up to a Gucci show with pink and blue nails.)Harry and his painted fingernails are following the example set by late music legends like Kurt Cobian and David Bowie. (And, erm, Brad Pitt.) But Queer Eye’s Jonathan Van Ness made history last week as he became the first male ambassador for nail brand Essie. 'I’m so honored to announce I’ve teamed up with @essie as their first non-female ambassador in celebration of Pride,’ Van Ness wrote, announcing the collaboration on Instagram. ‘For me, polish has always been a form of self-expression. Right now that means this mosaic rainbow mani moment. Wearing it proud! #essiePartner #essielove #LorealProud.’ Essie are right – men can rock beauty products, on their nails or on their face – and more of it please.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sweden, you can keep your flat-pack furniture, your meatballs and your preternaturally beautiful population. The only thing we need from you is & Other Stories. No idea what we’re talking about? Prepare for very good news. It’s the high street brand that still seems to be under-the-radar, despite having 13 stores across the UK, and it’ll sort all your summer dressing woes.It’s part of the H&M family of eight brands. Where COS is great for elevated basics and Weekday works for your slightly grungier cool-girl, & Other Stories majors in on-trend yet wearable clothes. Think spaghetti-strap sandals that lace around the ankles, frilly tiered dresses and sweet blossom prints. Having said that, it also seems to do a brisk business in the kind of utilitarian basics that are so popular right now. Belted safari jackets, plenty of banging boilersuits, sleek cargo pants – you get the picture.We also love the fact that the brand cares about the planet - and tries to encourage customers to feel the same. Its recycling initiative means you can fill a bag with any textiles – from any brands, not just & Other Stories – and drop it in-store in exchange for a voucher giving you 10 per cent off future purchases. It also collaborates with sustainably-minded designers. Mia Larsson designed a clothing and jewellery capsule for the brand earlier this year, with pieces made out of oyster shells from a seafood restaurant and recycled silver.We apologise to your bank managers in advance.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last year, I bought a babydoll dress, of sorts. It is short, white and voluminous. It stops quite short of my knee, which made me feel particularly exposed after what feels like a lifetime of living in midis. It has an exaggerated collar and three quarter length sleeves. It is magical. It is comfortable. And my boyfriend said it makes me look like a Victorian ghost. Laughing in the face of such adversity, I wore it to work, where a colleague suggested I resembled a royal baby. I will not, however, stop wearing it – and there are myriad reasons why. Victorian ghost or royal baby? You decide... #fasHUN 👶🏻👻A post shared by  H B W (@hbankswalker) on Apr 16, 2019 at 8:08am PDTThe first is comfort. It is so comfortable that it banishes any thoughts of self-consciousness, while still looking purposeful – it’s not like you threw on your comfiest joggers, a babydoll (or smock dress) is clearly intentional, and obviously smarter. The second is that, from the moment I saw Prada’s SS19 collection, I was pretty sure of two things. One was that I felt vindicated in my love of hairbands (not relevant, sorry) and the other was that I knew babydoll dresses were about to be A Thing.Really, if you look around, they’ve been A Thing for a while now. There’s Ganni, for starters, whose own brand of Scandi cool has made even the frostiest of fashion editors weak at the knees, and whose mini dresses are mostly on the smock side. Then there’s Stine Goya, who produced the Jasmine mini dress that proceeded to become an instant sell-out, having been seen on the influential likes of Susie Lau and Bettina Looney. The brand tells me that, given its success, the Jasmine dress has just launched in two new prints as part of Stine Goya’s Pre-Fall collection.The babydoll came into being first as lingerie; a super-short nightgown designed by Sylvia Peldar as a response to fabric shortages during World War II. Now, it’s clearly tapping into our desire for oversized silhouettes and comfortable pieces that reflect what we actually need on an everyday basis. On the high street, Kitri, Sézane and ASOS have plenty of options, while my own homage to a Victorian ghost came from Sister Jane, whose own brand of whimsy is completely irresistible. It has a number of babydoll options, including its Pansy Puff dress, which sold out incredible quickly (but will be restocked in the next few weeks) and this slightly longer take on the trend, which sold out in just a day when it first launched. That’s a great option if you’re not keen on anything super-short – it falls just below the knee. If Mini Ruffle Dress came with a dance move she would probably swing it. Available in a new blue and yellow micro check fabric! @vhexeberg #avavavfirenzeA post shared by  AVAVAV Firenze (@avavavfirenze) on May 12, 2019 at 1:55am PDTThen, there’s Urban Outfitters, who put the babydoll at the front and centre of its recent sell-out collaboration with Laura Ashley. Next on my (admittedly quite inappropriately long) list is Avavav Firenze, the brainchild of Florence-based Swedish couple Adam and Linda Friberg, who created Monki, Weekday and Cheap Monday (all of which are now owned by the H&M group). Their take on the babydoll is bold, with oversized frills and punchy prints. It’s sold out in two different patterns, but still available in this summery style, while stocks last.Looks like summer sure is going to be comfy.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Universal Standard is well known for promoting inclusivity and its own joyful approach to fashion. The recent collaboration with Rodarte, for example, proved that luxury fashion can be both affordable and inclusive, with styles modeled on Universal Standard's usual range of models, all with different body shapes. While the brand has always strived to ensure that its clothes are available in a vast range of sizes, it has now made absolutely everything in sizes 00-40, the UK equivalent of which is sizes 2-42.In a mission statement published on its website, Universal Standard wrote: "Today, we’re the world’s most inclusive fashion brand. Tomorrow, we want to change that... There’s nothing more important to US than making sure all women are included and seen, so that while notions of 'us' and 'them' become extinct, definitions of beauty evolve."Not only will every product be available in such a wide range of sizes, you can also see them all modeled on women who actually represent your size, too. There is now a function on the website called "See Your Size", which allows you to select pictures of models in your chosen piece that's truly in your size. For too long, women have been presented with only one, extremely slim body type. By representing all different sizes, Universal Standard is really setting an example to the rest of the fashion industry.In fact, encouraging other brands to follow suit is part of Universal Standard's mission statement. "Today, we’re committing to create the change we want to see in the world, so that access for all doesn’t end with US. We will work to empower the industry to embrace inclusion. We will work to build the future with partners who see it like we do. We will be the catalysts that spark the next fashion revolution. That’s true FASHION FREEDOM."Rodarte x Universal Standard: Shop The Collection 2of10© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fact: bras are one of those notoriously hard items to buy - there's so many different styles, shapes and sizes available which makes finding the perfect one a little bit of a minefield. But, that doesn't mean that discovering the perfect everyday bra is impossible. In fact, when you know what to look for, it's actually a pretty simple task. Let Grazia help you take the hassle out of bra shopping with our bra guide, below.Wearing the right size bra can make all of the difference in terms of comfort, but also confidence. After all, bras make the base of your outfit, and the perfect base can help you stand a little taller and your clothes fit a little better. To find out what size you are, it's best to get a professional bra fitting, like the speedy ones that Victoria's Secret offer. No appointment is required and the fittings take place in the changing rooms.Leomie Anderson, the newest Victoria's Secret angel recruit, revealed to Grazia that she had her first ever bra fitting in a VS store. 'I had never had a bra fitting before I went to Victoria's Secret, and it really made me realise that I was wearing the wrong size. The bra fitting was really quick, and once I got the right size, I felt amazing. I'd recommend everyone have a fitting there, as the bra experts will make you feel so welcome,' she said.For an ideal everyday bra that you'll feel comfortable but also confident in, you want to find a style that's well made, is supportive, but is also ultra smooth under clothing. Our recommendation? The new Incredible Bra by Victoria's Secret is available in sizes ranging from 32B to 38F. If you're keen to find a bra that's just as comfortable as it is invisible, then look no further than the Incredible by Victoria's Secret Bra, which has a smooth back, fully adjustable straps and wider band for an all-over sleek shape. The bra offers just the right amount of lift and shape through padding, whilst also providing that irresistible comfort you'd expect from a luxe everyday bra. One of the biggest bonuses though, is the cushioned underwire which is so hidden you can hardly feel it working. If you need a helping hand, browse through some of our favourite bras and underwear below:The Grazia Girl’s Guide To: Finding The Perfect Everyday Bra2of9Did you know that 80% of a bra’s support comes from the band, and not the straps? When trying on a bra, opt for one that has a really supportive band - it should feel comfortably snug and sit level across your back. You can test it by raising your arms as the band shouldn't lift when you do so - if it does, you're probably wearing the wrong size or style. Bras that are made with under-wiring may also provide extra structure and support. Also, although you want a bra that's fitted, you don't want it to be so tight that you can't breathe.This totally depends on your personal preference! Normally, popular colours for everyday bras are black or nude, as these camouflage quite well under work clothes. But who's to say you can't wear pink, lime or navy? Certainly not us.VS Angel Leomie is also an advocate of colour: 'if i’m wearing a white t-shirt, I’ll wear a contrasting colour bra underneath, because I actually want my bra to be visible - it's a style statement. Gone are the days where bras are meant to be modest and hidden, we're now in a day and age where women are really owning every aspect of their look, from their hair and makeup right down to their underwear.'If you look after your bras by washing them as delicates and avoiding tumble-drying them, they can last up to a year. But it's important to remember that your body is always changing, so it might be wise to get re-fitted every six months. That way, you know you're wearing the most supportive bra possible.Shop these bras online and in-store at Victoria's Secret.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not to quote myself, which is a fairly heinous way to begin anything really, but square-toed sandals are really having their moment in the sun. What began with the likes of Jacquemus and Rejina Pyo clearly plundering the 90s archives to resurrect this strappy trend transformed into sheer mania when Topshop first released its £39 Strippy Heels – a pair of barely-there, strappy, square-toed mid-heels. In terms of trend boxes ticked, Topshop really did the job in one fell swoop.First available in black or red, the shoes sold out in record timing. Many expressed their frustration (mostly my friends, to me, on countless occasions) that they weren't quite quick enough to bagsy a pair for themselves, which may or may not have led to today's development: Topshop has not only re-stocked the red and (best-selling) black pair of Strippy Heels, it has also added three brand new colours to the mix, too.The shoes are now available in lime, snake print or white and are this week's Topshop Loves item. As Grazia has been documenting for the past couple of months, Topshop has been releasing a hero item of sorts every Thursday, which each week has promptly sold out. Clearly, the arrival of some sunshine meant that the brand couldn't wait this week, so Tuesday really is Shoesday. (Sorry.) I, for one, am giddy with the prospect of buying another pair of these bad boys. I've been wearing the red ones almost every day for the past five weeks. So, I'm perfectly poised to inform you that they are, in fact, comfortable.I'm also poised to encourage you not to wait, should you fancy a pair of these shoes. They are almost certain to sell-out – and at rapid speed, too. To make life easier, just shop them below. You're welcome.Topshop's Sell-Out Strippy Heels Are Back In Stock2of5© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The arrival of warmer weather has us thinking about one thing and one thing only: our summer wardrobe. If you ask us, the best thing about summer is the opportunity to spruce up our closet with the addition of some slick new pieces - because who doesn't love an indulgent summer shopping spree, right? Browse through our gallery of lust-worthy looks  for inspiration on which hot-to-trot hush outfits we'll be coveting. You can thank us later.Sun's out, summer dress is out! And for 2019, the brighter the colour, the better. Last year was all about pastels, but now it's time to look to shades like sunshine yellow, burnt orange and fuchsia to modernise your style. Pair your dress with your favourite basket bag and some wooden wedges.This summer we're coveting a timeless printed shirt for the seaside and beyond. Wear yours with cool-girl linen shorts and a beach hat for a look that you can wear to work and on holiday. Double win.Fact: every woman needs an elegant white summer dress in her wardrobe. Why? Well, it's fuss-free, it's head-turning, and you just simply can't go wrong. What about when the British weather just can't make up its mind, we hear you ask? Throw on a leather biker jacket and some boots for the perfect monochrome look.Here's a bright idea: this summer, invest in a daring printed dress to make a real style statement. This maxi one from hush can be worn alone with sandals or heels, or layered over a white tee for a more toned down look. But be warned: once it's on, you may never want to take this dress off.This summer, ooze cool-girl vibes in a lightweight colour block jumper. Tuck your knit into a playful mini skirt and pair it with slick sandals or trainers for a fashion-forward, yet laid-back look. We love.Animal print may be forever but aztec stripes are so 2019. Embrace the new 'It' print by donning this maxi dress in warmer weather. We plan on pairing ours with minimalistic sandals and a woven side bag - what will you do?Shop these summer outfits and more at hush-uk.com. Receive 10% discount on your purchase when using code GRAZIA19 at checkout. Not valid in conjunction with any other promotion. Not valid on gift card purchases and shipping costs. No adjustments on previous purchases. Offer expires 23.59PM BST 2nd June 2019.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Apparently, we now have the answer to the question of how ASOS could possibly be improved, and it's the arrival of & Other Stories, which landed on site last week. Not content with the hundreds of brands it already houses – including five of its own in-house labels – ASOS has decided to bring the Scandi cool of Stories to the world.Owned by H&M, Stories launched as a beauty brand back in 2013 to much fanfare, but fashion and accessories quickly followed. It has since become the go-to for design-led pieces that are still affordable, and has some of the best midi dresses on the high street. Luckily, all that can now be a part of your ASOS order.From breezy short suits and laid-back separates to puff sleeve dresses and knotted heeled sandals, the Stories stock on ASOS is on-trend enough to appeal for right now, but timeless enough to stay in your wardrobe for seasons to come.While Stories is already available online, the shipping is nowhere near as convenient as the services ASOS offers, which include next day delivery and even same day delivery for orders placed before noon. So, peruse the best Stories pieces that ASOS has to offer, safe in the knowledge that you can choose exactly when it all arrives.& Other Stories At ASOS2of17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With three royal weddings in the space of a year, we've seen more fascinators than you could shake a stick at. What we haven't seen is as many high street creations as were present at Lady Gabriella Windsor's wedding on Saturday, where several high-profile guests shunned super-expensive dresses in favour of something entirely more affordable.Princess Beatrice, for example, arrived in a navy, lace tiered midi dress by the wonder that is Self Portrait. It has become a go-to for occasion dressing at reasonable prices – and for good reason. Han Chong, the creative director and founder, makes each piece look entirely original, which is always good for those moments when you're worried about turning up in the same Zara dress as everyone else. The craftsmanship of Chong's designs belies their mid-range prices; Princess Beatrice's dress is £370.While only a couple of sizes are left in Beatrice's navy dress, there's another similar style available in icy blue, without sleeves.Another guest championing the high street was Alizee Thevenet, girlfriend of James Middleton. She wore an H&M midi that's only £49.99. It is still in stock in one or two sizes online, however it is still available in many stores.Pippa Matthews chose Kate Spade, which, while not technically high street, was a beautiful blue midi – and a stylish take on florals.Again, there is limited stock available online at the moment, but the brand is working to acquire more from the US, which would reportedly take a few weeks. Worth the wait, if you ask us.As worn by Alizee Thevenet, this H&M dress is in limited supply online but can be tracked down in-store using the brand's store availability tracker. Princess Beatrice wore this navy lace dress by Self Portrait to Lady Gabriella Windsor's wedding While Princess Beatrice's actual Self Portrait dress is now in short supply, this icy blue style is very similar, but without sleeves. Perfect for a summer wedding. Pippa Matthews chose this Kate Spade dress, which is – according to the brand – soon to be back-in-stock on the website. Alternatively, the Sloane Square store has the dress in many sizes still available. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While some high street collections arrive with much fanfare, others arrive quietly and without fuss, which is exactly how Lindex's latest collaboration appeared. The Swedish brand teamed up with designer By Malina to create the ultimate holiday wardrobe of 26 pieces. With a mix of floral print dresses that could work on – and off – the beach, and seashell patterns on everything from swimwear to accessories, the collection landed on site last week, only to promptly sell-out in a heartbeat. This is thanks, in large part, to By Malina's growing following, who are all fans of her laid-back approach to occasionwear. It's also because the entire collection is the stuff summer dreams are made of – and comprised of the sort of pieces that fit easily into your suitcase, but work for a multitude of scenarios. To front the collection, Lindex recruited Insta-It girl Nina Sandbech, Swedish influencer Margaux Dietz and the British presenter AJ Odudu. While some of the pieces have sold out, new stock does keep arriving on site, so keep your eyes peeled. And in the meantime, the swimwear is one of the best bits of the collection and is still available in most sizes. Your holiday has never looked so good...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)The secret to creating a slick capsule summer wardrobe? It all starts with knowing which staple pieces to buy. From a do-it-all maxi dress to a versatile crop top, Grazia has rounded up the nine pieces you need to invest in to look stylish all summer long.Summer calls for a slick, lightweight blazer that can be added to any outfit and help you make the transition to warmer weather. We love this kimono-inspired one from Reserved, which boasts a rich, burnt orange hue and oversized sleeves.A fail-safe printed dress is number one on our capsule summer wardrobe list. Why? Well, it's one of those off-duty pieces that can be dressed down or up with the addition of sandals, wedges or fancy accessories; and it can be layered on top of long-sleeved tees or underneath light-weight jackets. We love.Day-to-night summer options are aways tricky to find, but don't fret: we've sourced next season's most versatile number. This white, off-the-shoulder crop can be worn with high-waisted trousers or a maxi skirt during the day, and shorts in the evening.This summer, trade in your hoops for some warm-toned drop earrings. This universally-flattering shade will go with almost any outfit. Plus, why should you save your most alluring jewellery for a special occasion? We say wear it every day.Nothing quite screams summer than a sun hat, and this black one from Reserved has won our heart. The chic black hue means it'll go with anything you wear, and it'll most certainly come in handy during any bad hair days.Classic linen shorts are a must-have in the hot summer heat. They'll keep you cool, plus they're smart enough to wear to work and on the tube. Bonus.Whether you decide to wear with a simple white tee or a printed crop top, you really can't go wrong with high-waisted summer trousers. Trust us on this one.A statement piece, like this tribal printed bandeau, is a necessity in any capsule edit. Don't be afraid to go bold and pair it with other clashing prints, or for a more low-key look, wear this off-the-shoulder number with straight-leg trousers.A simple cami may not be the most daring of pieces, but it's one that can be worked and reworked in a number of different ways. Wear it tucked into a skirt or shorts, loose over jeans, or wear it on top of a t-shirt for the ultimate layering look.Shop everything from Reserved's summer collection here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not copying another woman's dress is one of those iron-clad rules supposedly written into the lore of female friendship (also in this category: dating an ex, posting the picture in which you look amazing but your friend looks like Ozzy Osbourne).But there are always exceptions to the rule, and every now and then an item of clothing lands in our lives which makes a bit of fashion doppelganger-ing necessary. The latest of these legendary wardrobe staples? Kate Middleton's floor-sweeping Alessandra Rich polka dot dress, which she wore for the official portrait for Prince Charles's 70th birthday, and then again this week for a 75th D-Day anniversary.Perhaps its the summer-trending polka dots, perhaps it's the fact that it's loose fit means you can comfortably raid the buffet (always a very important element of any summer dress) but for whatever reason, we've all fallen in love.We're not the only ones either: the now sold-out dress has become a firm favourite with celebrities, politicians and royals alike (its fans include Sarah Jessica Parker and Daisy Ridley). And Kate Middleton isn't the only one to wear it in a royal context, either – the dress was worn by Abigail Spencer to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding.Credit: GettyIs this where Kate originally spotted the dress? Evidence is mounting (just because she's a Duchess doesn't mean we think she's above the 'where did you get your dress from?' interrogation in the ladies loos). Abigail Spencer - who you might also remember as Scottie from Suits__ - chose the dress for Meghan and Harry's nuptials in May last year. For the occasion she accessorized with a frothy fascinator, black bag and white barely-there heels. The Kate Middleton Staple Dress EVERYONE Is Wearing - Grazia 2of5Is this where Kate originally spotted the dress? Evidence is mounting (just because she's a Duchess doesn't mean we think she's above the 'where did you get your dress from?' interrogation in the ladies loos). Abigail Spencer - who you might also remember as Scottie from Suits__ - chose the dress for Meghan and Harry's nuptials in May last year. For the occasion she accessorized with a frothy fascinator, black bag and white barely-there heels. However the dress has actually been around for a couple of years now - Star Wars Actress Daisy Ridley wore it in November 2017 (yes! A whole two years ago - now that's what we call an investment piece). Appearing on Live With Kelly And Ryan__ the actress pulled the overall look together with Christian Louboutin heels and a skinny black belt. It must have gone down well with Kelly Ripa - because she then copied the gown (and openly admitted to being inspired by Daisy Ridley's fashion choice). For her take, Kelly kept things simple and let the dress do the talking for itself, opting for no belt and a pair of plain black heels. We know Carrie Bradshaw would approve: In April 2018 Sarah Jessica Parker wore the dress to the opening night afterparty of "The Seafarer" at Crompton Ale House. In classic SJP-style she added an embroidered navy coat over the top, a sparkly belt and white pointed-toe pumps (paging SATC).Christie Brinkley was the third Hollywood actress to fall for the charms of the dress. The former model and businesswoman channeled old-school glamour and paired hers with a floor-sweeping beige trenchcoat and embellished navy heels. So what's all the hype about? Grazia's fashion news and features director, Laura Jordan says "'I think it manages to achieve that perfect but rare balance of being flattering (the silhouette), timeless (a polka dot dress is a classic) and just the right amount of ‘fashion’ (the exaggerated collar). It’s versatile – that modest cut is perfect for weddings and tricky formal occasions, without being stuffy.'I find a lot women feel more comfortable covering up, Alessandra Rich’s dresses are a masterclass in being able to do that without looking frumpy. I love the slightly ‘80s, Sloaney air to this dress. Can’t you just imagine Princess Diana wearing it back in the day?'While the dress has now completely sold out, there are some excellent (and more affordable) accessories from Alessandra Rich – the gargantuan crystal earrings and hairbows, in particular, are worth a look. In the meantime - check out all of the celebrities who've fallen for the charms of the now-legendary dress. Copying your friend has officially never been so chic...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Capitalising on the success of influencer-driven marketing campaigns, Revolve has decided to harness the power of one hugely successful Insta-IT girl in order to lunch a brand new collection. Aimee Song, with her 5.2 million followers on Instagram, is no stranger to creating a sell-out collaboration, either. When she teamed up with the Korean sunglasses brand Gentle Monster in 2017, for example, the range sold out in just 22 minutes. Now, she's brought some of that magic to Revolve in the form of Song of Style, a collection full of pretty dresses, printed separates and pastel hues – all of which will photograph brilliantly, of course.Around 40-60 pieces will reportedly land on the Revolve site every month, giving customers new product on a consistent basis. Song is, after all, targeting the Insta-generation. And, as we all know, social media waits for nobody. Thankfully, Song has also sought to ensure the collection is as accessible and inclusive as possible; sizes will go from XXS-XXL and the highest price is $300, which is around £230."I’ve worked closely with Revolve for nearly 9 years now, so there was a natural synergy in coming together to create my first apparel project," said Song . “I trust them both personally and professionally to help me bring my creative vision to life. Revolve’s existing infrastructure allows me the freedom to focus on creative concepts and provide immense support in marketing my product to my amazing Song of Style community. I can’t wait to see how my customers style my designs.”Given Revolve's cult fanbase and the millions of followers Song has amassed over the last decade, Song of Style looks set to be an instant hit.Song of Style x Revolve: Shop The Best Pieces 2of13© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Check prints may not sound groundbreaking to you. Perhaps you associate them with your old school uniform, or maybe they encourage you to recall plaid lumberjack shirts and 90s grunge. Either way, they're hardly new. And yet, for spring/summer, they feel exactly that.This is largely thanks to Prabal Gurung, who showed mixed check prints for this season, promptly transforming a rather mundane trend into something altogether more exciting. With grungey accents on a feminine, cut-away dress, the amalgamation of two different check prints on the catwalk suddenly made us all pay attention – this is the fresh, new way to wear grid prints, usually associated with the colder months.Luckily, the high street has paid attention and, as a result, there's currently a wealth of checks on offer – all of which look far more expensive than they really are. Take George's dress as a prime example – at first glance, it could easily pass as a designer creation. It is, however, just £18.It's not just mixed checks, either. Dries Van Noten showed dresses in clashing check and floral prints, which always looks fashion forward. For an extra twist, wear with breezy summer accessories like shell sandals and a raffia bag.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Outnet launched 10 years ago, if you can believe it. A whole decade since the magic of Net-a-Porter was transferred to this sister brand, which allows us all to shop the world's best designers at slightly more affordable prices. In fact, since it launched, The Outnet has saved customers over £500 million – a lot of new clothes, by anyone's standards. Now, the online behemoth sells a product almost every second, sourcing 90 per cent of its stock directly from the designers and brands themselves. So, to celebrate an incredibly successful 10 years, The Outnet has asked some of those designers to create exclusive pieces, all modelled by some seriously impressive women. The campaign features supermodel Alek Wek, model and philanthropist Jessica Kahawaty, make-up artist extraordinaire Lisa Eldridge, artist Quentin Jones and singer song-writer Paloma Faith. All wear pieces from the likes of Christopher Kane, Delpozo, Oscar de la Renta, Carolina Herrera, Zac Posen, Roksanda and Diane von Furstenberg. The collection starts at just £49 – for a Markus Lupfer embellished tee – and goes up to £1,995 for an incredible gold sequin dress by Paco Rabanne. Emma Mortimer, managing director at The Outnet, said: "2019 is a year for celebration and we are thrilled to launch this limited-edition collection. The brand has grown dramatically over the past 10 years and we are proud to say we have successfully redefined the luxury discount model. This collection celebrates the strong relationships we have with our brands and we are excited to showcase a really varied, compelling, exclusive collaboration.” Available from today, the collection promises to be a sell-out success. With silk, Oscar de la Renta dresses and beautiful suit separates from Adam Lippes, it's just in time for all your summer weddings, too. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Dior brought back the Saddle bag last year (originally introduced by John Galliano in 1999), it quickly became the most popular women's product, according to the search engine Lyst at the time. To promote the launch, the brand flooded our Insta feeds with the bag, as seen on hundreds of influencers. It got results too – Lyst said that searches for the Dior Saddle bag increased by a whopping 957 per cent in just two days. This bodes well, then, for the new bag on the block – the 30 Montaigne bag, which looks set to be an instant classic. There’s a new kid on the block and she fancy 🙌🏼✨💃 @dior #GiftedbyDior  #Dior30MontaigneA post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on May 10, 2019 at 6:00am PDTThe bag is part of the 30 Montaigne capsule collection, named after the location of Christian Dior in Paris, which is comprised of some of Dior's most iconic pieces. There's a Bar jacket, nodding to the New Look silhouette for which Christian Dior became so famous, as well as more contemporary pieces popularised by current designer Maria Grazia Chiuri, such as trainers and a slogan T-shirt. Styling my new @dior handbag from bed 😘 #dior30montaigneA post shared by  Miranda (@mirandakerr) on May 10, 2019 at 12:41pm PDTAlready, the bag has been spotted on the very influential likes of Susie Bubble, Lucy Williams, Camille Charriere and Chiara Ferragni. Picking up on the teal hues of Pitzhanger Manor’s Chinese wallpaper with the debut of @Dior’s beautiful (and in vein with #MariaGraziaChiuri ‘s pragmatic eye) new bag #Dior30Montaigne #SuppliedByDiorA post shared by  Susie Lau (@susiebubble) on May 10, 2019 at 6:01am PDT Throwback to one of the classiest looks ever by @dior, worn for my birthday dinner ❤️ #Dior30Montaigne #giftedbyDiorA post shared by  Chiara Ferragni (@chiaraferragni) on May 10, 2019 at 5:34am PDTWith a starting price of £2,300, it's clearly one to save up for. But if you're looking to invest in a bag for life (quite literally) then it's wise to opt for something timeless – thanks to its roomy size and cross-body strap, that's exactly what the 30 Montaigne is.BUY: Dior, 30 Montaigne Bag, £2,300Best Handbags Under £500 - Grazia2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Resort shows – which occur in-between the spring/summer and autumn/winter seasons – have become known for their far-flung locations and impressive sets, with designers all decamping to various cities around the world in order to show off the new collections. For Louis Vuitton's latest Resort offering, this city was New York, where designer Nicolas Ghesquière chose the TWA Flight Center as his show's location.Designed in 1962, the old airport terminal is in the process of being transformed into a brand new hotel. It has been used in films such as Catch Me If You Can and Ocean's 8, and Ghesquière used it as his starting point for the latest LV collection.A mix of pinstripe tailoring, sharp 80s'-inspired silhouettes and innovative accessories (one was a bag with an in-built TV screen, which the brand says is intended to "blur the lines between your smartphone and your sac") made for a truly great collection, watched from the front row by the likes of Emma Stone, Julianne Moore, Alicia Vikander, Cate Blanchett, Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas.Also in attendance was mega blogger Camille Charriere, who shared her LV diary with Grazia. From her choice of outfit to the after party, experience a day in the life of a Insta cool girl by checking out her photo diary below...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The red carpet is a tricky space to navigate. While both men and women are obliged to pose for hundreds of photographers, waiting to see which headlines are subsequently ascribed to their pictures, it's still women who bear the brunt of public judgement. Scrutinised for their appearance to an extent that men are not, women are still constantly compared to one another, with the tabloid press persisting in compiling Worst Dressed lists. Since #MeToo and #TimesUp, many have battled to take a stance on the red carpet and transform it into a political space. Last year, many stars decided to wear all-black to the Golden Globes to show their solidarity for the #TimesUp movement, and since then, we've seen all manner of pins, badges and symbols worn at various events. But it remains difficult to truly make a statement of worth while you're wearing expensive clothing and posing for photographers. Unless, that is, you're Daisy May Cooper, who just showed everyone how it's done.Nominated for This Country, which she co-wrote and starred in with her brother, Cooper wore a bin bag to the event. It had been fashioned into a gown – complete with train – that was decorated with various pieces of rubbish, including McDonald's boxes and crisp packets. She wore a bin lid, decorated with a pigeon (naturally) as a hat and she looked – in a word – fantastic. While Cooper has a history of wearing unconventional dresses to the BAFTAs – last year, she worn a Swindon Town football dress – this year's had a significant message.Speaking to the BBC about her choice of outfit, Cooper said: "It cost about five quid and then a load of rubbish. My mother made this dress with my two friends and it took them three days. The reason I'm wearing this is if I wore a normal dress, that would cost a lot of money. I thought I'd donate that money to a local food bank and wear bin bags instead."Given that a record 1.6 million food bank parcels were given to people in the past year, Cooper's choice of dress is incredibly important. In January last year, the National Children's Bureau also reported that more than half of children are now living in poverty in some areas of the UK – a statistic as sobering as it is heartbreaking. Cooper is proof that fashion – in all its forms – actually can be a vehicle for change, which ultimately starts by raising awareness.To find your local food bank and find out how to donate – whether that's food or money – visit the Trussell Trust now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's all well and good for me to drone on about excellent summer trends that will enable you to romp around fields bathed in sunlight or skip barefoot along an idyllic coastline. But what you really want to know, I know, is what to wear that feels new and fresh but that won't leave you with the closest thing to hypothermia the month of May has ever seen.Well, the trend currently dominating mood boards everywhere (or maybe that's just my hobby) will fulfill all of the above criteria – and then some. It's not a new invention for summer, but never before has it been quite so prolific on the scene – and in spring, too. But Broderie Anglaise – that pretty, embroidered lace – is currently taking the form of dresses, blouses, co-ords and skirts, everywhere from Ganni to Mango. For ASOS, it's been a huge seller – in March alone, the brand sold over 90,000 broderie pieces and predicts that this will only increase as we inch forward to summer.Don't think it's just traditional white or cream items, either. This year, broderie has been given an update, as ASOS's own extensive range illustrates. Melika Imoru, head of design for the brand said: "Originally we loved anything broderie as part of the neutral tones trend in true cotton and milk maid light weight fabrics. But after seeing broderie in neons and fun brights we couldn’t resist adding them into the collection too."Lindex, too, is a high street brand banking on broderie. Several pieces feature in its new collection, which is a collaboration with Swedish designer By Malina, whose designs have recently been worn by the Duchess of Cambridge.You don't need to save it for high summer, either. Try a broderie blouse with jeans and a cardi now, or a dress with ankle boots. And just think – come summer, you'll be ready 9and waiting) for a heatwave.The Best Broderie Anglaise Pieces To Buy Now2of11© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The year is 2004. Tony Blair is Prime Minister, Facebook has just launched, the last ever episode of Friends has aired, and Sienna Miller has single-handedly persuaded a whole generation of teenagers to buy a coin belt. That last entry might not seem as life-altering as poking virtual friends for the first time and saying farewell to Central Perk, but if you’re a) between the ages of 28 and 38 or b) have eyes, then your wardrobe can’t have escaped the ‘Sienna’ effect.Before our national obsession with Kate and Meghan came Sienna, the ultimate noughties poster-girl for a bohemian kind of cool after starring in Layer Cake and Alfie, and one of the only women on the planet who could make an upper-arm bangle seem like a good idea. Now Jimmy Choo has selected her to be the first star of its ‘In My Choos’ series, celebrating women who dare to stand out, for its pre-fall 2019 collection, released this week. Its inspiration is pared-back ’90s glamour, the ‘chicest’ decade, according to Sienna. ‘Women in oversized blazers and very little make-up,’ she remembers. ‘No one looked like they were trying too hard.’ It was photographs of Winona Ryder, Gwyneth Paltrow, Kate Moss and Kurt Cobain, their lo-fi style free from Instagram filters, who captivated her as a teenager.‘I get sad looking back and seeing these pre-social-media days, where people were wild and reckless, and nothing was contrived or over-thought. There were these original moments in fashion – even though they didn’t feel it at the time.’ There’s something poignant perhaps about Sienna’s nostalgia – given how many now iconic moments she herself created. Think the Uggs for Glastonbury, the lipstick-red Balenciaga bag, the neon aviator shades, the battered cowboy boots at film premieres, the gold medallions, the list goes on.This careful approach to getting dressed is something she cultivates on camera, too. ‘I only feel that a character truly comes to life during the wardrobe process,’ Sienna tells Grazia. For her upcoming film, American Woman, which is set over 11 years and follows a mother whose teenage daughter goes missing, the clothes, she says, were key to unlocking the character of Deb. ‘I was adamant that in the early days she should have low-slung jeans and the “whale-tale” thong poking out. It might not actually be seen, but it was informative in me connecting to her at that time.'A wardrobe of chandelier earrings might have helped her swing into Edie Sedgwick’s head for Factory Girl, but what about the infamous (and no doubt intimidating) red carpet? After 15 years squaring up to photographers’ pits and signing autographs, what’s her secret coping strategy? ‘The red carpet itself is always a blur. I try to check out mentally and get through it. Often, a glass of wine before helps,’ Sienna quips, before adding, ‘I think you have to have a sense of self. A person who’s wearing something as simple as black jeans and a T-shirt can radiate glamour, and that comes with self-con dence, being calm and centred.’For anyone who’d sell their own grandmother to go on a shopping trip with the actor, she has several favourite spots. ‘I love Portobello Market and always have. It’s so nostalgic for me and one of the first places I like to potter around when I get home. I seem to shop a lot less in New York, but there is a great place called Personnel in the West Village that is beautifully curated. I always seem to find things there I don’t see anywhere else.’Speaking of the West Village – living in New York, and no doubt having to chase a er a seven-year-old, has also made Sienna a flat-shoe convert. Sandals with spindly heels or platforms might work for industry parties, but it’s low all the way for real life, she says. ‘Flats for sure. I run around everywhere and New York is a walking town.’ Of course, a woman can always change her mind. She might after seeing herself in these heels.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some women are shoe addicts, others change their handbags daily, but Isabel Spearman is mad about dresses. ‘I have to stop buying them!’ she says, with a smile that implies she’s not making any promises. Although she’ll happily embrace the chance to get properly dressed up (‘I’m so antisocial, I get no FOMO whatsoever, but I love an invite purely because I can think about what dress I’ll get to wear to it’), for Isabel, the dress’s real charm is all about daily convenience. ‘They’re easy. I’m always in a rush in the morning, trying to get out the door with two young children. Just putting a dress on cuts 10 minutes off my morning routine,’ she says. Maximising time and efficiency is something Isabel has down to a fine art. She started her career working with bag designer Anya Hindmarch – ‘I learned everything I know from her’ – where she stayed for eight years, working her way up from intern to PR director, launching the I’m Not A Plastic Bag campaign in the States. After a brief interlude in India, she returned to the UK, where she ran into Samantha Cameron at a wedding, who asked Isabel if she would help her prep for the 2010 election campaign. ‘It was so exciting,’ she says. ‘I could apply the branding and marketing principles I’d learned at Anya to a person.’ When the Camerons made it into Number 10, Samantha told her, ‘Well, you can’t leave now.’ Isabel stayed for nearly six years as a special advisor – including a second general election in 2015 – a role that required meticulous organisation and a sharp eye for sending out the right message.As what formed part of that message was, of course, wearing the right clothes, Isabel’s remit included helping plan the Sam Cam wardrobe; one which would see her embrace affordable brands, champion British designers and ensure publicity for charity visits by choosing pieces that were enough of a statement to warrant media coverage. During this time, Isabel also helped nurture the green shoots of Samantha’s then top-secret brand, Cefinn, finding the first pattern cutter and acting as a guinea pig for early designs.Isabel left Downing Street in 2015 when she was pregnant with her second child. Since then, she’s noticed an increased willingness of women to wear dresses to work. ‘In Downing Street, if you put on a dress everyone was like, “Oh, how lovely!” because at that time there were so many women wearing suits and trying to “fit in”. But I think there’s been a massive shift in women in business and they now feel comfortable enough to wear dresses – it’s not seen as frivolous any more,’ she says, citing Nancy Pelosi, Amal Clooney and the City’s Helena Morrissey as great examples of women nailing non-boring workwear.Last summer, Isabel took her dress dedication one step further, founding a new Instagram account, @DailyDressEdit, alongside her day job, which is consulting for high-profile businesswomen. ‘I was doing a lot of workwear at the time and was missing the frivolity. I was missing dresses,’ she says. Earlier this year, Grosvenor Estate approached her about turning the account into a pop-up store, which opens on Belgravia’s Motcomb Street on 9 May. The Daily Dress Edit pop-up will host a curated edit of dresses from more than 25 of Isabel’s favourite brands, including Kitri, Me+Em, Emilia Wickstead, Borgo De Nor, vintage finds from Laura von Behr and, of course, Samantha Cameron’s Cefinn. Designs will reflect Isabel’s love of colour and print, something she credits to her Spanish mother. ‘You’re not going to find a black/grey dress there,’ she smiles.With prices starting at around £100, the selection of brands stocked at the pop-up will be a democratic mix that reflects Isabel’s own wardrobe. Hers is a high/low mix that spans the high street (& Other Stories is a favourite, as is Zara), vintage (Laura Ashley finds scored on Etsy) and designer (she has a ‘small, really special collection’ of Emilia Wickstead dresses, including her wedding dress). Isabel, who says she can be counted on to be an ‘honest friend’, will be on hand to help customers find The One – or Ones. ‘there is something emotional about falling in love with a dress that should be relished,’ she laughs.The Daily Dress Edit Pop-Up is open 9-22 May, 6-7 Motcomb Street, London© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You may have once dismissed Laura Ashley as chintzy nonsense, destined to linger in your mother's attic as you eschew such hand-me-downs in favour of skinny jeans. Now that it's 2019, however, and we all want to wear midi dresses from the likes of Batsheva, The Vampire's Wife, Ganni and Dôen, Laura Ashley suddenly looks very, well, now. Good news, then, that Urban Outfitters has teamed up with the British label to create a capsule collection that is probably going to flood Instagram faster than photographs of Lady Gaga's striptease at the Met Gala. Comprised of seven looks, the Laura Ashley x Urban Outfitters collection features mini dresses in vintage prints, ruffle blouses and babydoll silhouettes, all realised in romantic organza and chiffon. There's been a rise in searches for vintage Laura Ashley dresses on eBay of late, many of which sell for hundreds of pounds. But thanks to Urban Outfitters, you can get your hands on some of LA's decadent floral patterns and flattering frocks for less than £90, with prices starting at £28. Looks like you don't need to make an expedition to the attic, after all. Laura Ashley x Urban Outfitters 2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mere moments after basking in the fabulous entrance of Lady Gaga came Billy Porter. And, quite frankly, it was epic. Porter arrived in an incredible ensemble by New York design duo The Blonds, carried like a 2019 Cleopatra by six shirtless Broadway actors. Of course he was.Bringing the spirit of Ball culture to the Met's pink carpet, Porter wore a bejewelled jumpsuit, but the crowning glory of his outfit was the 10-foot gold wings he sported. There was a 24-karat gold headpiece and matching gold boots (of course there were). According to Porter, his main inspirations were indeed Elizabeth Taylor in Cleopatra, as well as the costumes made for Cher by Bob Mackie.The Blonds designers told Vogue that the whole ensemble took "several months to create. The catsuit was embellished by hand . . . with a mix of Preciosa crystals and chain fringe, as well as gold bugle beads. This is meant to emulate the rays of the sun as they catch and move the light. The wing cape is an archival piece, and it is comprised of gold baguettes, crystals, and beads, all anchored with caviar beads. Each wing was made to look three dimensional by using tube beads as stilts to raise certain areas. In all, Billy will be wearing well over a million crystals, beads, and chains!”Given that Gaga and Porter were two of the first to arrive at the Met Gala, we can't wait to see what the rest of the evening has in store.Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: Getty© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it was revealed that this year's Met Gala theme would be Camp: Notes on Fashion, it was almost as if Lady Gaga herself had chosen it. Based on the Susan Sontag essay, Notes on Camp, the Gala is being hosted by Alessandro Michele, Harry Styles, Serena Williams, Gaga and – of course – Gaga herself, the event promises to be a visual spectacular of outrageous dresses and over-the-top entrances. But Gaga truly over-delivered, even by her standards.Arriving with an entire entourage of men in tuxedos carrying black umbrellas, Gaga was wearing a voluminous, fuchsia gown designed by Brandon Maxwell, who accompanied her on the red (or, more accurately, pink) carpet. There were bows galore, as Gaga stopped to pose while her entourage gave life to her dress, which billowed around her.She ascended the steps before walking right back to the bottom where Maxwell helped her out of her dress, revealing a black strapless gown underneath. This then gave way to a plain, fuchsia column gown, which Gaga eventually removed to reveal a black sequin bra, knickers and fishnet tights.She pulled a pink trolley laden with transparent bags filled with champagne (as seen on the Brandon Maxwell catwalk for SS19). She lay on the famous Met steps in her underwear. She pretended to be on the phone, she applied lipstick, she kissed Maxwell several times.She wore eyelashes that possibly came with their own health and safety rules. In short, Lady Gaga got the memo. And she turned up.As one of the first on the pink carpet, we pity the poor person who has to follow Gaga's performance. The Met Gala has begun.Credit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: GettyCredit: Getty© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Choosing the best gifts for new mums is tough and Meghan Markle giving birth to a baby boy got us thinking, what on earth would we buy her and the new baby? Thankfully we don’t have to buy them a present, but we do have to buy our new mum friends gifts all the time. So, in honour of the new royal baby, we have compiled a guide to the best newborn baby gifts, from hampers to room décor, to calming beauty to feminist baby books. We have the best guide for you, choc-a-block full of things newborns and their parents will love.Bring the outdoors inside with this super cute nod to Bowie. And with 36 colours to choose from, you can coordinate this handmade cloud banner perfectly with the new arrival's nursery. What's not to like?!Sleepless nights make for very sleepy new parents but fear not, help is at hand. Infused with invigorating and naturally reviving essential oils, this set aims to awaken the mind and body first thing in the morning (just in time for that wake-up call) and give new parents that pick me up they seriously require. New mums and their babies get a LOT of visitors (trust us on this one). And the last thing they want to think about is providing snacks for their guests… so give them some luxe biscuits they can share and enjoy themselves . And we happen to know Ms Markle is a Fornum & Mason super-fan, which is the ultimate accolade. Milestone cards are a must for capturing all those first precious moments and this pack of 24 sweet pastel coloured illustrations is just the ticket. Additionally, this set is made that bit more special with a personalised case which new parents will love for years to come. We love anything with a face on it, so these 100% organic cotton socks tick all the boxes. Imagine all the photo ops they will create. And as an added bonus, they come with a mini cotton drawstring bag with… yep you've guessed it… a cute face on. This inspiring collection of board books is a must for little people. From Rosa Parks to Coco Chanel, this brilliant curated selection of role models is exactly what we should be teaching the new generation about. We will be buying one of each for the new mums in our lives. We consider this duo an absolute must for new parents. With a revitalizing blend of aromatherapy oils, the hair and body wash opens the airways and stimulates the circulation, providing a boost of energy. Then, as and when it's required, the energy lift rollerball will give an instant boost of concentration and mental focus. New mums will love you forever if you treat them to this hamper of dreams. Filled with delicious organic high-energy snacks and meals to keep them going, and soothing Bamford baby beauty products, this collection will help support them through the first exhausting days and weeks. Consider it their personal chef and beautician in one chic package.It's hard to believe that soft toys could get any cuter than Buster the long-legged dog. Crafted from knitted organic cotton, Buster will be a gift for life. If anyone can prize him out of our fingers, that is. These 100% cotton muslin squares will be in constant use – from mopping up spills, to burping, to lining the changing mat… We guarantee they will be the hardest working gift she's given. This super affordable handmade sign can be personalised with your favourite colour and the new arrival's name. It will brighten up the nursery no end. When Jojo Maman Bebe say 'the ultimate' they aren't joking. This hamper is a brilliant starter kit for any new parent. From sleep-suits to dribble bibs to toys – they will want for nothing. Pop up books are excellent for keeping tiny fingers and minds busy. We recommend this brilliantly funny range for babies and toddlers. They are so cleverly crafted they will even keep grownups entertained.For the chicer new parents in your life: this minimalist Danish teether is made from 100% sustainable beech wood and doubles as a gentle rattle. And it's super easily cleaned with a wipe from a damp cloth. We would have included the entire This Works inventory if we could have fitted it in one shot. From Power Nap pillow spray to aid a productive snooze, to Baby Sleep pillow spray to get some solid hours in, to Stress Check beauty essentials to nourish the tiredest skin, this collection is literally a gift for new parents. Help the new arrival learn their ABCs in the chicest way possible. The combination of colour-pops and type should please even the pickiest of interiors enthusiasts. Thoughtful personalised gifts always go down well, and this book is one of the best we've found. The illustrations are cute without being twee and seeing their name in print across the pages will mean this book will remain a firm favourite for years to come. If you know a small person who only deserves the very best then Dr Barbara Sturm's baby and kids range is for you. The formulations will soothe even the most sensitive of baby skins (we can attest to this) and provide a barrier against the elements, stopping the irritation happening before it starts. There's nothing sweeter than a baby in a bobble hat. Especially this particular bobble hat in a chic gender-neutral grey. And don't forget to tie the ties tightly in order to keep it fixed on their little heads and off the pavement. We are huge fans of the Skandinavisk candle. They not only ooze scandi-chic with their minimalistic glass votives, but also smell divine. Most importantly they are made of a non-toxic blend of perfume and sustainably-sourced vegetable waxes which are perfect for a little one's nose. We would be lion if we said this wasn't the cutest big cat we have ever laid eyes on. He's super soft and babies will love playing with his tassels. Think of the joy he will spark every time you catch a glimpse of that little face. This ridiculously soft velour monkey comforter will be irresistible to babies and parents alike. We love how easily the gender-neutral soft brown will slide into any colour scheme. As much as we like a chic grey baby accessory, pops of colour are always welcome. And this super soft 100% organic cotton blanket does the job perfectly. Have you ever seen a more perfect pair of baby booties? The French brand Moulin Roty fairytale aesthetic is a go-to for us and these cat booties do not disappoint. Little people are plastic magnets and we embrace anything that strays away from that. Especially this 100% cotton rattle in the shape of childhood-staple Miffy. The knitted handle is especially easy for little hands to grip and the noise is at the softer end of the spectrum, so you won't get complaints from frazzled parents. Simply crafted with wire and wool, this minimalist rainbow will brighten up the nursery no end… come rain or/and sun. All new parents need a bit of 'me time' to unwind (preferably spent in the bath). So treat them to this set from Neom Organics which will set them on the right path to deep relaxation and a better quality of sleep (in between feeds). And god knows parents need all the quality sleep they can get. Step away from the twee and embrace the cool. For Bowie and/or bear enthusiasts, this affordable print mixes cute illustration with Ziggy Stardust vibes. It's a complete winner in our eyes. These softly glowing night-lights make the perfect gift. They are not only helpful for a baby getting used to sleeping on their own, but safe too as they use LED bulbs that won't ever get hot. And look at their little faces. We suggest accessorising with the mini clouds for maximum cuteness. Give mum and baby the perfect start with this organic collection which will help support them through the first few months. Gentle cleansers, balms and oils will leave the pair of them super soft and soothed. Meghan Markle's New Mum's Gift Guide2of30Bring the outdoors inside with this super cute nod to Bowie. And with 36 colours to choose from, you can coordinate this handmade cloud banner perfectly with the new arrival's nursery. What's not to like?!Sleepless nights make for very sleepy new parents but fear not, help is at hand. Infused with invigorating and naturally reviving essential oils, this set aims to awaken the mind and body first thing in the morning (just in time for that wake-up call) and give new parents that pick me up they seriously require. New mums and their babies get a LOT of visitors (trust us on this one). And the last thing they want to think about is providing snacks for their guests… so give them some luxe biscuits they can share and enjoy themselves . And we happen to know Ms Markle is a Fornum & Mason super-fan, which is the ultimate accolade. Milestone cards are a must for capturing all those first precious moments and this pack of 24 sweet pastel coloured illustrations is just the ticket. Additionally, this set is made that bit more special with a personalised case which new parents will love for years to come. We love anything with a face on it, so these 100% organic cotton socks tick all the boxes. Imagine all the photo ops they will create. And as an added bonus, they come with a mini cotton drawstring bag with… yep you've guessed it… a cute face on. This inspiring collection of board books is a must for little people. From Rosa Parks to Coco Chanel, this brilliant curated selection of role models is exactly what we should be teaching the new generation about. We will be buying one of each for the new mums in our lives. We consider this duo an absolute must for new parents. With a revitalizing blend of aromatherapy oils, the hair and body wash opens the airways and stimulates the circulation, providing a boost of energy. Then, as and when it's required, the energy lift rollerball will give an instant boost of concentration and mental focus. New mums will love you forever if you treat them to this hamper of dreams. Filled with delicious organic high-energy snacks and meals to keep them going, and soothing Bamford baby beauty products, this collection will help support them through the first exhausting days and weeks. Consider it their personal chef and beautician in one chic package.It's hard to believe that soft toys could get any cuter than Buster the long-legged dog. Crafted from knitted organic cotton, Buster will be a gift for life. If anyone can prize him out of our fingers, that is. These 100% cotton muslin squares will be in constant use – from mopping up spills, to burping, to lining the changing mat… We guarantee they will be the hardest working gift she's given. This super affordable handmade sign can be personalised with your favourite colour and the new arrival's name. It will brighten up the nursery no end. When Jojo Maman Bebe say 'the ultimate' they aren't joking. This hamper is a brilliant starter kit for any new parent. From sleep-suits to dribble bibs to toys – they will want for nothing. Pop up books are excellent for keeping tiny fingers and minds busy. We recommend this brilliantly funny range for babies and toddlers. They are so cleverly crafted they will even keep grownups entertained.For the chicer new parents in your life: this minimalist Danish teether is made from 100% sustainable beech wood and doubles as a gentle rattle. And it's super easily cleaned with a wipe from a damp cloth. We would have included the entire This Works inventory if we could have fitted it in one shot. From Power Nap pillow spray to aid a productive snooze, to Baby Sleep pillow spray to get some solid hours in, to Stress Check beauty essentials to nourish the tiredest skin, this collection is literally a gift for new parents. Help the new arrival learn their ABCs in the chicest way possible. The combination of colour-pops and type should please even the pickiest of interiors enthusiasts. Thoughtful personalised gifts always go down well, and this book is one of the best we've found. The illustrations are cute without being twee and seeing their name in print across the pages will mean this book will remain a firm favourite for years to come. If you know a small person who only deserves the very best then Dr Barbara Sturm's baby and kids range is for you. The formulations will soothe even the most sensitive of baby skins (we can attest to this) and provide a barrier against the elements, stopping the irritation happening before it starts. There's nothing sweeter than a baby in a bobble hat. Especially this particular bobble hat in a chic gender-neutral grey. And don't forget to tie the ties tightly in order to keep it fixed on their little heads and off the pavement. We are huge fans of the Skandinavisk candle. They not only ooze scandi-chic with their minimalistic glass votives, but also smell divine. Most importantly they are made of a non-toxic blend of perfume and sustainably-sourced vegetable waxes which are perfect for a little one's nose. We would be lion if we said this wasn't the cutest big cat we have ever laid eyes on. He's super soft and babies will love playing with his tassels. Think of the joy he will spark every time you catch a glimpse of that little face. This ridiculously soft velour monkey comforter will be irresistible to babies and parents alike. We love how easily the gender-neutral soft brown will slide into any colour scheme. As much as we like a chic grey baby accessory, pops of colour are always welcome. And this super soft 100% organic cotton blanket does the job perfectly. Have you ever seen a more perfect pair of baby booties? The French brand Moulin Roty fairytale aesthetic is a go-to for us and these cat booties do not disappoint. Little people are plastic magnets and we embrace anything that strays away from that. Especially this 100% cotton rattle in the shape of childhood-staple Miffy. The knitted handle is especially easy for little hands to grip and the noise is at the softer end of the spectrum, so you won't get complaints from frazzled parents. Simply crafted with wire and wool, this minimalist rainbow will brighten up the nursery no end… come rain or/and sun. All new parents need a bit of 'me time' to unwind (preferably spent in the bath). So treat them to this set from Neom Organics which will set them on the right path to deep relaxation and a better quality of sleep (in between feeds). And god knows parents need all the quality sleep they can get. Step away from the twee and embrace the cool. For Bowie and/or bear enthusiasts, this affordable print mixes cute illustration with Ziggy Stardust vibes. It's a complete winner in our eyes. These softly glowing night-lights make the perfect gift. They are not only helpful for a baby getting used to sleeping on their own, but safe too as they use LED bulbs that won't ever get hot. And look at their little faces. We suggest accessorising with the mini clouds for maximum cuteness. Give mum and baby the perfect start with this organic collection which will help support them through the first few months. Gentle cleansers, balms and oils will leave the pair of them super soft and soothed. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...“The hallmark of Camp is the spirit of extravagance,” wrote Susan Sontag in her seminal 1964 essay, Notes on “Camp”. “Camp is a woman walking around in a dress made of three million feathers.”Sontag’s essay is the inspiration for this year’s Met Gala theme, Camp: Notes on Fashion, which could give us the most outrageous and over-the-top red carpet yet – though even Rihanna might struggle to wear three million feathers.The Met Gala, held at New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art, is the grand opening of the annual fashion exhibition at the Met Museum’s Costume Institute. It’s one of the biggest fashion fundraisers of the year, and the theme is the starting point for the red-carpet look of those on the exclusive guest list. Last year, the event courted controversy with Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination, as the theme’s exploration of the relationship between fashion and Catholicism came at a time when the Catholic Church was in the spotlight for child sex-abuse scandals. And it wasn’t the first time that the Met Gala’s theme has provoked tension: China: Through the Looking Glass, in 2015, was criticised for condensing a diverse culture into some offensive stereotypes, seen on the red carpet through a proliferation of dragons, chopsticks, braids and kimonos.  Rihanna was one of the few people actually dressed by a Chinese designer – she won the red carpet with Guo Pei’s infamous canary-yellow creation, which subsequently inspired thousands of memes. When Sontag’s essay was first published, some in the LGBTQ+ community were critical. It was 1964, before the modern gay-rights movement began – pre-Stonewall uprising, when homosexuality was still considered a mental disorder and long before equal marriage was recognised in the UK – and the relationship between camp and marginalised LGBTQ+ people was such that bringing it to public attention and making it mainstream felt, to some, like a violation. Arguably, it doesn’t get more public and mainstream than the Met Gala. So, with camp and queerness being so intrinsically linked, will this year’s theme be as controversial as the last?Harris Reed, the queer designer-turned-model who started attracting attention last year for collaborating with Harry Styles, and who recently walked for Gucci’s 2019 Cruise show, doesn’t think so. “I think the theme this year, and the people hosting [of which Styles is one], is really going to make a big and impactful change for the LGBTQIA community,” he says.“This year’s theme could not be more relevant, it could not be more important, at a time when we have people like Donald Trump banishing transgender individuals from the US military, when you have the Sultan of Brunei now legally allowing LGBTQIA people to be stoned to death.”  Today marks the last day of @harrystyles world tour. I just wanted to take the time to say thank you to every single person who has cheered me on, sent me love, helped me, believed in me and been there on this fantastic journey. It has meant the absolute world to not only be apart of a movement within design— being featured along designers such as Gucci, YSL, and Mcqueen but, also within our society of blurring the lines of masculinity and pushing the narrative of love and acceptance further! To be able to work with Harry, who pioneers Kindness, Love and Acceptance has been one of the greatest honours of my career so far and i know that it is just the spark to the fire that will blaze the trail to the future! And to my love @harry_lambert the man who saw the light in me and has kindled that smoke into a full flame! To keep this short, I love every single one of you, and thank you because without you guys and your love I couldn’t do what I do! Here is to the next chapter which I know will be filled with lots of surprises and extraordinary adventures!  Until next time. X HarrisA post shared by  Harris Reed (@harris_reed) on Jul 14, 2018 at 12:21am PDTSontag wrote that “homosexuals, by and large, constitute the vanguard -- and the most articulate audience -- of Camp”. And it is the way the Met Gala will highlight this relationship that Reed says is so important.“Camp is a really deep word and I think that’s amazing, because anything that has that kind of subtext to it, that is so multifaceted, can really open people up to have a conversation – what is this year’s theme? What is camp? What is camp culture? Where did this come from? I think camp is a great window to open people up to queerness and queer culture and what that stands for,” he says.While the Met Gala is one night only, the Costume Institute’s exhibition will run all summer. It follows the evolution of the camp aesthetic from queer subculture to important influence on mainstream culture. The exhibition will feature 175 objects and will open with the 17th-century court of Versailles positioned as a “camp Eden”, looking at the concept of se camper, or “to posture boldly”, in the royal courts of Louis XIV and Louis XV.William Dill-Russell – a designer who cites queer history as an inspiration and who used Fanny and Stella, two 18th-century crossdressers, as inspiration for their first collection – has three garments in the exhibition. “As a queer designer who identifies as non-binary, it is seemingly rare to have such incredible opportunities gifted to you,” they say. “To then also be representing a part of the exhibition that reflects on the history of campness and queer culture is such an honour.” I am delighted to announce that four garments from my 2016 ‘Fanny and Stella’ collection will be exhibited in New York’s @metmuseum as part of their summer exhibition ‘Camp: Notes on Fashion’. I grew up worshipping the designs of Schiaparelli, Martin Margiela and Comme Des Garçons and to be exhibited alongside their work is overwhelming and a true privilege.  The long history of ground-breaking exhibitions at the Met has been a constant source of inspiration for me. Attending the ‘Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty’ exhibition at the Met in 2011 was a life-changing moment; as I’m sure it was for many other aspiring designers.  The Met Gala is the ultimate opportunity for designers to work intimately with creative leaders across the arts. I am ecstatic that my work will be viewed by artists I have long admired.  The 2016 ‘Fanny and Stella’ collection was entirely self-funded through full time work and was created on an old sewing machine in my flat. I feel immensely grateful and overwhelmed to have my work recognised at this level. I would just like to take the opportunity to thank everyone who has supported me over the last few years. Your kindness has helped this dream come true.  Lookbook images by Alessandro Merlo @aleueb  #metgala #metsummerexhibition #themet #metcamp @metcostumeinstituteA post shared by  William Dill-Russell (@williamdill_russell) on Feb 26, 2019 at 12:36pm PSTThis year’s theme presents an opportunity, too: “I’d love to see people really explore the history of camp and queer pioneers, and if that means them wearing an homage to someone – then great! There are so many incredible people who have paved paths, not just for queer folk, but also for creatives. So it would be interesting to see who relates to certain historical figures and stories.” “It’s obviously also very important to show how valid LGBTQ+ identities and history are in a world where LGBTQ+ individuals are still being marginalised by governments and bigoted people.”Camp, Sontag wrote, is the “attempt to do something extraordinary”. And, if it succeeds in having fun while giving a platform to queer designers and showcasing queer history, it looks like this year’s Met Gala could be on to a winner. Camp is joyous, generous and glamorous – a fitting theme for fashion’s biggest fundraiser. The 700-strong guestlist is, though, a closely kept secret – the big names attending will be revealed on Monday’s red carpet, along with their outfits.“I would, however, love it if Cher attended. Vintage Bob Mackie?!” says Dill-Russell. Amen to thatCredit: ShutterstockGala co-chair Amal Clooney was one of the first to arrive, wearing a rose print design by Richard Quinn (whose LFW show was recently attended by none other than Her Majesty the Queen, FYI)Met Gala 2018 Best Dressed - Grazia2of72Gala co-chair Amal Clooney was one of the first to arrive, wearing a rose print design by Richard Quinn (whose LFW show was recently attended by none other than Her Majesty the Queen, FYI)Bee Shaffer, perennially plus one to her mother Anna Wintour, wore scarlett Valentino haute couture fashioned from scalloped layers.Anna Wintour chose a custom beaded Chanel design in white. Perks of the job, hey?Princess Beatrice made her Met Gala debut in an appropriately regal shade of purple, complete with tiara. Olivia Munn's gold chainmail dress (and matching net headpiece, naturally) are from high street favourite H&M.Donatella Versace made a statement in... Versace, of course.Broadway star Cynthia Erivo chose this purple velvet showstopper - complete with bedazzled eyebrows.Amanda Seyfried opted for a whimsically romantic spin on the theme, pairing this marigold yellow Prada number with an understated tiara (which, in this case, is not a contradiction in terms).Model Jasmine Sanders was the Gala's golden girl in H&M.For her first Met Gala, Riverdale star Lili shone in silver H&M.Lily Collins embraced the dark side in ethereal Givenchy Haute Couture. Uma Thurman kept things simple all in white.Bella Hadid opted for latex and leather.Kate Bosworth channelled bridal chic with an embellished veil and a tulle gown complete with awe-inspiring train, by the design duo at Oscar de la Renta.Fully embracing the theme, SZA looked celestial in tulle and serious embellishment.Zoe Kravitz's high-split lace dress is by Anthony Vacarello for Saint Laurent.Mossy is back! Kate made her Met return in this deceptively simple LBD by Anthony Vacarello for Saint Laurent.Two words for Kerry Washington's Met look: golden goddess.The first of the Kardashian-Jenner clan to arrive at the Met was momager-in-chief Kris, in black feathers and gold embellishment.Trust Ri-Ri to take the theme and run with it: let the memes commence, because Rihanna just rocked up to the Met dressed in what's best described as a pearl-encrusted take on papal vestments.Irina Shayk shone in gold, with matching choker.It's hard to believe that this is Ariana Grande's first Met Gala. Look closer at her gown and you might just notice detailling from a certain iconic Renaissance painting...Props to Lana and Jared for doing the absolute most in Gucci (who else?)Poppy Delevingne looked chic and classic while still nodding to the theme in this purple gown with gold detailling.Giving Rihanna a run for her money, it's SJP in Dolce & Gabbana, complete with matching headdressBrooke Shields kept things classic in this strapless navy blue style, a custom design by Zac Posen.Model Kate Upton wore a simple emerald style by Zac Posen, completing the look with a bejewelled headband.Always one to watch for a Met style statement, Diane Kruger wore a blue Prabal Gurung design with a dramatic high-low hem and train, with a Philip Treacy x Tasaki headpiece.In Ocean's Eight, she'll play a wealthy socialite who's the target of a jewel heist at the Met Ball. For her latest IRL Gala appearance, Anne Hathaway was stunning in scarlet Valentino.Amber Heard off-set the simplicity of her long-sleeved, high-necked red gown with a cut-out at the waist and a golden halo of a headpiece.Dakota Fanning kept things simple - and angelic - in this one-shouldered white Grecian style.As if we needed further definitive proof that Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is heaven sent, her latest Met appearance (wearing Ralph Lauren embellished with Swarovski crystals) is it.Gabrielle Union brought a pop of bold yellow to the Met steps in sunny Prabal Gurung.Joan Smalls looked ready to reign over the Met Gala in a golden gown and queenly headdress.Alexa Chung stuck to the theme in a simple white dress with statement sleeves.All hail this year's Best Actress Oscar winner Frances McDormand, in a look straight from the runway at Valentino.Rooney Mara wore a light blue look last seen on the runway at Givenchy Haute Couture.Evan Rachel Wood's Altuzarra ensemble is utterly angelic.Hailey Baldwin's Met Gala aesthetic? Disney Princess at Coachella.Give her a theme and Katy Perry will take it literally, this time with 6 foot angel wings...Cindy Crawford brought a touch of old school, Jessica Rabbit style glamour to proceedings.Winnie Harlow was angelic all in white with a headpiece reaching up to the heavens.Lily Aldridge wore a simple Ralph Lauren style in bold yellow, letting her jewellery do the talkingEmma Stone continued her partnership with Louis Vuitton for her Met look, a sophisticated navy gown with gold embellishments. For her second Met Gala, Paris Jackson chose a Stella McCartney style in rust orange.Alicia Vikander was chic as ever in her designer of choice, Louis Vuitton.After last year's nearly naked dress, Kendall Jenner kept things simple in a white jumpsuit by Off-White.Pink hair, yellow eyeshadow, a medieval headpiece and a fishnet gown: Cara Delevingne does not do the Met Gala by halves.Michelle Williams stuck to her signature red carpet style in a chainmail-esque design from Louis Vuitton.Unexpectedly, Scarlett Johansson wore a design by Marchesa, the label co-owned by Harvey Weinstein's estranged wife Georgina Chapman.Nicki is another Met attendee who can always be counted upon to embrace the dress code, this time in scarlet Oscar de la Renta.Blake Lively's Met gown reportedly took 600 hours to make, and now we can finally see why...Kim wore a gold chainmail gown by Versace, complete with crucifix embellishment.The inspiration for Zendaya's latest Met showstopper? Joan of Arc.Emilia Clarke embraced the theme in Dolce & Gabbana.Jennifer Lopez's embellished Balmain gown - with built-in crucifix neckline - was a true showstopper.Madonna was always going to embrace this particular theme, wasn't she? Solange asked her Twitter followers to vote on her Met Gala look: this was the heavenly result.Miley kept things uncharacteristically low-key in a black Stella McCartney dress.We have so much time for this particular Met duo...A sister act: the Miller sisters arrived at the Gala together, with Sienna in angelic Louis Vuitton and Savannah in bold red.Another star to embrace metallics for the night was Emily Ratajkowski, in this silver-gold style with major cut-outs.Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen opted for a boho take on the dress code.Gigi looked suitable angelic in glimmering Versace.Priyanka's beaded coif (reminiscent of a medieval knight) took over 250 hours to made; she paired it with a simple strapless gown by Ralph Lauren.All hail Cardi B, who graced her first Met Gala in beaded Moschino by Jeremy Scott.Lena Waithe's resplendent rainbow cape took a stand for the LGBTQ community.Hailee Steinfeld looked celestial all in white with an angelic crown.Kylie brought the tiny sunglasses trend to the Met carpet, pairing her miniature silver shades with a simple black cut-out gown.If in doubt, match your dress to your thigh high boots a la Mary J Blige...Selena Gomez chose an ethereal, pale pink style by her perennial collaborators, Coach.Naturally, Gisele opted for the 'goddess' interpretation of this year's dress code...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Arguably a British institution, M&S has had its ups and downs of late. In a retail landscape that looks increasingly unstable, it’s undeniably a challenge to any brand to hold its own, faced with overwhelming competition and a world in which we all expect everything instantaneously. So, it’s no mean feat that, when it launched its new-look Per Una collection last month, M&S has seen some serious sales. In fact, the brand sold over 30,000 pieces in the first week alone.Led by design directors Lisa Illis and Jill Stanton, the brand new Per Una feels fresher, more contemporary and much more exciting. There’s an emphasis on natural fabrics – pure cotton, modal and linen all feature heavily – as well as new signature prints, all of which have been designed in-house.‘This collection is more versatile than ever before,’ said Illis. ‘It celebrates simple styling and is a fresh new direction. One of the hero shapes is the tiered shirt dress; it is incredibly flattering and easy to wear every day.’ In fact, there are many pieces that feel like the sort of thing you’ll want to wear all the time, including utility jackets, wide leg trousers and frill-detail blouses.There are also more directional elements – a sleeveless, longline wrap blouse paired with matching, wide leg trousers, for example. But mostly, everything feels delightfully wearable – a practical point that is not to be sniffed at.Shop the new Per Una collection below, before another 30,000 items fly off the shelves and you’re too late.M&S Per Una Spring/Summer 20192of18© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Leanne Maskell may only be 26-years old, but she has been working since she was just 13. Encouraged by her mother to model, Maskell found herself in the pages of Vogue almost immediately, achieving the sort of success of which most jobbing models only dream. And yet her reality was, at certain points in her career, anything but dream-like. It’s why she has written The Model Manifesto, an “A-Z anti-exploitation manual for the fashion industry,” which was published this week. In it, Maskell writes on everything from castings and contracts to Instagram and sexual exploitation – and she hopes that it will help to transform the industry for the better.“A lawyer I’d worked with in the past emailed me to say that her daughter had been scouted, asked if I could help and what I would say to her,” says Maskell. “I sent a huge email back and then realised I should put all of that into a blog post. Then, I had the idea for the book. I think it’s got some valuable information in it that I would have needed so much when I was younger.” Maskell says that despite her illustrious start in the industry, things changed when she moved to London at 18. “I was scouted by an agency and they made me lose lots of weight for six months. It was intense, constant pressure. They told me I had to lose three inches off my hips or nobody would accept me and I said no. The woman who scouted me then used emotional blackmail, suggesting she might lose her job if I didn’t lose the weight to get jobs. She told me they meant for me to lose three centimetres, not inches, and so I agreed.”Maskell’s time with the agency revolved entirely around her weight, while any concern for her wellbeing or safety seemed completely absent: “I would get emails from [the agency] every week asking what I’d eaten. I had to go and be measured every week in front of everyone, and during that time I was going to lots of photoshoots where I wasn’t getting paid. You’re told you have to do that to build up your portfolio but I ended up in these male photographers’ houses – some of them would try and force me to take off my clothes, or sometimes make me drink stuff. I just felt so scared and uncomfortable.”One of the major factors in the ongoing abuse and mistreatment that so many models experience, says Maskell, is negligence on the part of agencies. She describes a system in which contracts are negotiated without the model’s knowledge, tying them in to various agreements that may not be in their best interests. “Every model generally finds a contract with their agency that gives [the agency] power of attorney. And you, as a model, are legally responsible for the decisions they make. If, for example, they signed you into a porn contract and you said no, you would be the one sued for breach of that contract. They can also draw up contracts related to how you look – some models are put on specific eating plans by their agency and they have to pay £30 per day if they go above a certain measurement. It’s wild.”In her own experience, it seemed that no amount of weight she lost was enough and, as a result, Maskell developed a serious eating disorder. “Once I lost those first three centimetres, they wanted me to lose two more so I could join the main board [of models],” she says. “They don’t give any reasoning really, but now I know it’s because they’re an agency that specialises in high fashion and for that you need really strict measurements. I was fully anorexic by that point and not really eating anything. At the time, I didn’t think anything was wrong. It wasn’t until I joined another, more commercial agency, that I realised I didn’t need to do those things and I could earn more money, too.”While Maskell describes other modelling experiences more favourably, almost every agency and brand she has worked with has told her to lose weight, despite her extremely slim frame. “I have always struggled with the way I look,” she says. “Eating and – it’s just all so constant. You’ll go to castings and they might tell you you’re too big, they’ll measure you and it’s just constantly in your mind. Pretty much every model I know has really bad body dysmorphia. I did an event last year with like 30 models and I asked them all to close their eyes and out their hands up if they’ve been told to lose weight and all of them did, and they’re all like size 6-8.”In the wake of #MeToo, which gave voice to huge numbers of women who reported tales of sexual abuse and harassment, fashion has struggled somewhat to enact positive change amid claims of misconduct that felt like a long time coming. The photographer Terry Richardson, for example, has long been surrounded by rumours of sexually abusive behaviour towards models, but it is only since the #MeToo movement gained traction that powerful publishing houses like Condé Nast explicitly acknowledged them, stating that they would no longer work with Richardson. Social media has also amplified the voices of the oppressed, with accounts like @Shitmodelmgmt and the hashtag #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse, established by the model Cameron Russell, working to expose the darker side of fashion. While Maskell acknowledges the benefit of such movements (“I had a video call with Cameron – she’s created this thing called The Model Mafia which is really cool”) she’s also worried that those in power aren’t doing enough – or they’re just embarking on a PR exercise to make themselves look better in the wake of scandal. “The actual people themselves need to know their own rights in order to be able to enforce them. It needs to be everyone rather than one person – for example, I found that when I started saying ‘no’ to things and standing up for myself, that’s when my career sort of… ended.”To write The Model Manifesto, Maskell was adamant that she needed to speak to people across the fashion industry, in order to incorporate experiences different from her own. “I spoke to over 100 models about their experiences, as well as make-up artists, assistants – so many different people,” she says. “There were models who had 75 per cent of their commission taken away in Paris, because that’s what they do there, and models who faced racism. There were male models, too, who told me they’d been sexually abused. There’s a whole other culture of shame around that sort of thing for men, so it was important for me to include other experiences.”One story Maskell shares is about a young Brazilian model who travelled to China to work. Before she could get to her modelling job, however, she was kidnapped by her own agency and locked in a room. “They said to her she needed to lose weight. She was about 18 or something.. She worked about three jobs a day so made lots of money, but then her agent told her she needed to lose weight. She tried to, but then they weren’t happy. They told her she had a job, took her to a house in a rural Chinese village and they locked her in a room for a week. They told her she could come out when she’d lost weight, and told her she could only drink water. She escaped and had to walk the streets of China without any money or anything – she only got out because an agency in Italy found her on Facebook and bought her a flight to Milan.”While some agencies have been supportive of the book, Maskell says that she probably wouldn’t work again in the industry, even if she wanted to. “It’s kind of like career suicide. All my clients hate me,” she laughs. She’s recently taken a job in law, which she says will be much better for her mental health. So, what is the main thing she wants people to take away from The Model Manifesto? “I’d say the main advice would be to have a really strong sense of self. Have a good relationship with your body, and try to surround yourself with a support system outside of modelling. Know that you are enough – you don’t need modelling to make you feel better. It’s not your self-worth. Practically, just be safe. Check everything out and always – always – ask to see your contract.”The Model Manifesto, £12.48, is available now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For its Cruise collection, Dior decamped to Marrakech, where the likes of Lupita Nyong'o, Jessica Alba, Karlie Kloss and Diana Ross were all in attendance (dressed head-to-toe in Dior, of course) to witness the candlelit spectacular. The overarching theme of the show was one of commonality, of a "cultural dialogue", explored through a collaboration between the fashion house and a number of artists.While fashion has long been criticised for cultural appropriation in some instances, Dior's creative director, Maria Grazia Chiuri, was keen to celebrate African craftsmanship by working directly with African designers, as well as artists whose work explores similar themes. As well as working in collaboration with many, Chiuri also asked some individuals to create specific pieces for the collection.Pathé’O, one of Africa's leading designers, for example, created a shirt which paid tribute to the late Nelson Mandela. British-Jamaican artist and designer Grace Wales Bonner, who has explored black identities throughout history in a lot of her work, produced her own take on the iconic Bar jacket – first seen as part of Dior's New Look of the 1950s.Chiuri sourced African fabrics and employed the perspectives of various different people across different cultures, resulting in a beautiful collection that felt celebratory. She also worked with Uniwax – a textile manufacturer based in Ivory Coast, which perpetuates the extraordinary savoir-faire that makes wax a precious and culturally rich fabric– and Sumano, an association that aims to revive the traditional women’s crafts of North African tribes, including painting on pottery, the art of weaving and vegetal dyeing.This just goes to show the potential power that the fashion industry has to uplift and empower people across the world, including protecting traditional forms of manufacture and craft. Let's hope that Dior sets a trend.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion landscape has arguably been transformed by the rise of mid-market brands, most of which started as small, independent labels and have grown to become a byword for cool. The much-cited example of this is Ganni, the Danish brand that has enjoyed unprecedented success over the last couple of years. In the UK, the likes of Rixo, Kitri and Shrimps are dominating the mid-space, notably thanks in large part to the dresses on offer. Indeed, the power of the dress knows no bounds, with many brands now banking on the allure of a frock to boost sales. One such brand is Dôen, which has been a name whispered excitedly in fashion circles for a while, but is – as of today – finally available to buy in the UK.Founded by Santa Barbara-born sisters Margaret and Katherine Kleveland, Dôen is the very embodiment of the dreamy, nostalgic aesthetic of California. Inspired by the watercolour paintings of Georgia O'Keeffe, this translates to breezy, cotton dresses that are as easy to wear as they are pretty, possibly because the sisters behind the designs are so focussed on what women actually need from their clothes. "We started Dôen having newfound inspiration and creative energy that came with the early stages of motherhood (Katherine had two boys at the time under 4 and I had a newborn)," says Margaret. " [We were] feeling a strong sense of femininity, power and drive. Having both come from the wholesale background, we saw a gap in the market for quality clothing that felt feminine, easy and natural at an approachable price from a woman's viewpoint." Our floral embroidery group is the pride and joy of our late spring collection 🦋 it took 9 months to develop this intricate and delicate fabric - find out more in stories !!!A post shared by  D Ô E N (@shopdoen) on Mar 28, 2019 at 8:52am PDTUntil now, the Klevelands have sold direct-to-consumer, deliberately removing the "middle-man (retailer) mark-ups" and ensuring that Dôen connected with its customer on a more personal level. More and more, brands are turning to social platforms – largely Instagram – to construct these seemingly intimate relationships with potential customers, encouraging loyal followers with hashtags (think #Gannigirls, for example). So, why did the sisters decide that now was the time to partner with a global retailer like Net-a-Porter?"It has really been a pinch-me moment for us! We’ve always admired Net-A-Porter for being a consistent champion for emerging brands and a resource to discover news designers. We’re thrilled to have the opportunity to introduce Dôen to its loyal and committed customer base (not to mention our international fans) just in time for the summer months." Rainbows and sunshine with baby Pea and the Bijou Dress in Octavia print 🌸🌿🌾🌻🕊🌈A post shared by  D Ô E N (@shopdoen) on Mar 9, 2019 at 8:42am PSTOne of the Kleveland sisters' points of pride is the versatility of Dôen's clothes. Not only do they tap into the mood of the moment, they also promise to work for women at all stages of their lives. "We find our most popular pieces are those that are most versatile – that make you feel beautiful and powerful yet are easy to move in," says Katherine. "Pieces you can wear to work, yet also let you play on the floor with your kids. Our Sol Dress is a perfect example of this - 100 per cent cotton that can be worn through many stages of life (pregnancy, breast-feeding and beyond) yet effortless, feminine and special. Another one that’s hard for us to keep in stock is our tried and true Jane Blouse."Prices start at £150 for a blouse, with the most expensive dress at £330, and there are 15 pieces in the capsule collection for Net-a-Porter (there's also three pieces for girls). Given the success of the brand thus far (it already has an Instagram following of over 167,000), launching onto a global platform as influential as Net-a-Porter suggests the future is very bright indeed. How lovely that we can all now be a part of Dôen's California dreaming.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some things are sent to try us. The Outnet's sales may be one of those things. Not because they're not enjoyable – on the contrary, wardrobes everywhere would be significantly less snazzy if it weren't for the deliciously discounted designer wares (who said alliteration was over?) purveyed by Net-a-Porter's little sister. Or cousin, maybe.I digress. The trying element only comes when a really, truly spectacular sale lands on site and then the entire world seemingly descends on it before you can so much as type The Outnet into Google. Short of planning your life around an online designer sale (could we? Should we?), it might be useful to know that as of today, The Outnet will have a brand new influx of Emilia Wickstead, with pieces starting at £240.If you think you're not an expert in the work of Wickstead, I'm here to tell you not to be so self-deprecating. You have absolutely seen at least some of her creations, for the British press has scrutinised several which appeared on the Duchess of Cambridge. Making the sort of midi dresses that inspire gasps of delight (no? Just me?) and elegant, classic cuts which are made to flatter, Wickstead has become an extremely popular choice for the red carpet, generally. With prices usually in excess of £1,000, it has heretofore seemed unlikely that said dresses would make up the majority of our every day wardrobe. Thanks to The Outnet, however, we will be daytime duchesses before you know it. And that's an official title.So, if you've been desperately seeking a dress for your friend's wedding later this year, or if you're just in the market for something fancy to cheer up a nondescript week, this sale's what you need.SHOP: Emilia Wickstead On The Outnet 1of11© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)The slick new summer collection by Reserved has dropped, and we're pretty (read: definitely) sure that you're going to love everything. Inspired by multicultural motives, the collection is filled with rich colours, oriental patterns, ethnic references and the Balkans-inspired style.Known for creating clothing that's steeped in culture, Reserved hasn't disappointed with it's latest drop. Keeping things as close to nature as possible, the collection weaves in elements of the wild, as well as cultural heritage, into everyday clothing. Think romantic lace details that resemble fish nets and copper-tone hues that draw inspiration from the narrow streets of the Marrakesh markets. The materials are super high-quality, especially for a high-street label, and will last long in your wardrobe.Perfect for everything from festivals and travel to summer workwear, discover Grazia's favourite picks from the collection. Copper-toned clothing + a glorious summer glow = our dream holiday look. For the finishing touches, accessorise with gold bangles and tinted sunglasses. 💛Who said you can't wear jumpers in the sun? Tuck a light-weight off-the-shoulder number into loose trousers for the ultimate sophisticated summer outfit.The staple that every woman needs in her summer wardrobe? A tropical woven bag big enough to carry all holiday essentials, of course.Summer print has never looked so good. Let this take you from the office to after-work drinks by trading in your flats for wedges, and your work bag for a slick clutch.We love the earthy, ethnic hues in this two-piece. So, say yes to tribal aztec print this summer, and you'll be turning heads for all the right reasons. Off-the-shoulder bardot tops and high-waist printed skirts will make for a romantic look you can don all summer long. Stock up before they sell out.Embellished with dramatic flamenco frills, this outfit demands attention. And remember: don't let anyone tell you that you can't wear black during summer - this look is proof that it looks good.This romantic lace detailing is super on-trend for next season, plus it'll keep you cool during warmer weather. An all-round win-win, if you ask us.This striking red day dress has captured our hearts. Wear it with wooden wedges and an oversized bag for cool-girl vibes.Draw inspiration from the traditional festival style which began years ago in California, and weave a little bit of tie dye into your new season wardrobe. For an understated, cool look, opt for pastel hues like in this Reserved dress.Shop everything from Reserved's summer collection here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With each season comes a new high street collection, ushering in a whole new array of pieces for us all to get excited about. None more so than Kitri's new range, it seems, which has already proved to be a sell-out success. Although the brand only launched two years ago, it has already amassed a loyal following thanks to its regular drops of brilliant midis, stylish jumpsuits and everything else in between.Unlike many other brands, Kitri only makes a limited amount of each style, which is not only a more sustainable way to work but also creates the kind of hype around certain items that most labels crave. For summer, this hype has translated into several of its new styles selling out almost as soon as they arrive online. The gingham, button-down Lenora dress, for example, arrived at the end of March, only to sell out within 24 hours. It then amassed a waiting list of over 500 people before being restocked last Friday. There are currently only a couple of sizes left, although the brand says fresh stock is coming soon.Kitri's pink, Mika jumpsuit and the Siena tea dress have also been extremely popular, with stock selling incredibly quickly. The appeal of the brand is perhaps something to do with its founder, Haeni Kim, who creates clothes for women based on her own – and her friends' – needs. This translates to pieces that don't just look good – they feel it, too. Plus, if you see something you like but it's not currently in stock, you can sign up to join the waiting list, which will send you an email notification when your size is available.Shop Kitri's Sell-Out Pieces While You Still Can 2of18© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading..."I love wasting time," seems like the last thing you’d expect an Oscar nominee and mother of a young daughter to make. But it’s this surprising admission that Keira Knightley makes in Chanel’s latest campaign video series.The campaign is in honour of the new J12 watch. The fashion house's iconic timepiece – as elegant as a 2.55 bag or little black jacket, inspired by automobiles and sailing – is nearly 20 years old. This year, the watch has been given a makeover by Arnaud Chastaingt, director of the Chanel Watch Creation Studio, with new details that remain true to the classic and maintain the integrity of the design.To celebrate the release of the new J12 and in tune with the tagline, It’s All About Seconds, Chanel called on nine long-term friends of the house including Knightley (who has been the face of Coco Mademoiselle for over a decade, and wore Chanel to her wedding in 2013), Lily-Rose Depp and Naomi Campbell to discuss their own relationship with time. The women discuss their favourite moments of the day, the curious rhythm of passing time and the pivotal moments of their lives and days."I think everything in my professional life is a decisive moment," reveals Knightley. "Every job that I take or don’t take is a decisive moment." Those jobs might be box-office gold, but other moments of her day are revealingly down to earth. "Where am I going on holiday? That’s a decisive moment," she smiles.When it comes to her favourite moment of the day, Knightley says it's 7:30pm, "because I've just managed to get my daughter to sleep."And what does Keira think is timeless? ‘Love, love is timeless’.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Clothing giant ASOS was called out as one online shopper noticed bulldog clips holding a dress in place on its model, posting ‘Uhmm @ASOS …think you forgot to edit those clips out’ along with a photo of the offending garment. ASOS apologised sharpish, promising that it would raise the issue with its ‘specialist team’ – but twitter was quick to point out that using photos which show how its clothes actually fit might be the place to start.The original call-out tweet, from user @xroxieanna, has since been shared more than 30,000 times. Its more forgiving replies have suggested that perhaps the model’s size wasn’t available: 'It could be cos they don’t have her size so she is wearing a size too big for her. I work in retail and if we don’t have the right size clothes for the mannequins we put on a bigger size and clip it like this, I could be wrong tho?’ wrote @je_suis_charley. While it’s not news that photoshoots are peppered with tricks of the trade, other users weren’t convinced: part of a tweet from @na_taliap read 'this is one of the biggest online retailers and you're telling me they don't have more than one size of the clothes they sell? and they don't have different sized models to show the right fit?’.Jokes about ASOS's recently announced policy of banning ‘serial returners’ abounded, with commentators pointing out that such behaviour might be necessary if none of their clothes fit as pictured. ‘Why not clearly show how the dress fits, instead of changing it to fit in a different way than it clearly wouldn’t without the clip, definitely an idea for the specialist team’ one tweet read – a fair point, especially in light of news that ASOS shares fell 37% in December 2018. After all, if the dress you’re eyeing up is held together with ghostly bulldog clips, it’s unlikely to fall as you might hope without them.Read more: the spring/summer accessories from New York Fashion Week we can't stop thinking about Credit: ShutterstockBrandon Maxwellss19 nyfw accessories - grazia2of16Brandon MaxwellBrandon MaxwellV FilesThe BlondsAcid NYCAcid NYCAcid NYCChristian SirianoProenza SchoulerProenza SchoulerHellessy Tom FordKate SpadeKate SpadeCushnieZimmermannWomen online were angry, citing the insight into ASOS photoshoots as yet another hurdle we’re up against when it comes to keeping self-esteem steady beneath the buffets of unrealistic standards and visual trickery. If the models for one of the world’s most successful clothing companies don’t have the bodies to make ASOS’s clothes look as they ‘should’, then what hope do the rest of us have? As one disgruntled twitter user wrote, ‘I always wondered why nothing ever fits even remotely close to the photos on the website…guess now we know why’. While internet usage only increases our saturation with aspirational and misleading images of beauty and bodies, occasions like this one allow us all to peep behind the curtain. Spread the word far and wide – things are seldom as they seem, especially images which are seeking to sell you something. Meanwhile, bulldog clips – Spring’s hottest new trend? Very punk.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Arguably, there couldn’t have been a more pertinent week for Fashion Revolution’s Fashion Question Time to take place. On Tuesday, as Extinction Rebellion's week-long London offensive made crucial headlines, fashion’s movers and shakers gathered in South Kensington’s V&A to discuss their role in the current climatic emergency.And the fashion industry plays an indisputably crucial part. At the rate we’re now consuming garments – raced down the production lines, on to rails and into baskets and, soon enough, into landfill – fashion will account for one quarter of the world’s annual carbon budget by 2050, the Ellen MacArthur Foundation reported. The particulars of the fashion industry’s state are being discussed more frequently, so much so that stats about its abysmal legacy almost roll off the tongue: the 1.2bn tonnes of yearly waste; that the industry is the second largest polluter in the world after oil; that it produces 20 per cent of waste water each year; that shoppers in the United Kingdom alone are hoarding £46.7bn of unworn clothing in their wardrobes at any one time. They are repeated, often, alongside fervent calls for change. Too right: change is needed urgently and, for the most part it feels like the industry’s big players are finally in agreement about this. But what will that take, and what will the repercussions be for consumers in the UK? As Tuesday’s panel was asked in accordance with this year’s theme, how will innovation and sustainability change the fashion panorama? For fashion, what does Tomorrowland actually look like?While it’s an essential journey, it’s also intensely complicated. So far we have looked towards high street giants like H&M, M&S and the Arcadia Group to lead the way – and some, notably the former two, have made some headway into doing so. H&M, for example, has taken charge with addressing its supply chain, encouraging consumers to buy from its sustainable collection and advising how to look after and recycle their clothing to reduce waste. Likewise, M&S has committed delivering its “Plan A” by 2025, including a transparent supply chain, vastly reducing plastic use and waste and greater community engagement. Of course, commentators say, it is a snail-pace race – these giants cannot move at the rate we would like them to. It’s frustrating: we have seen the problem, clearly, now, and we would like it to be dealt with. Only, it just doesn’t work like that.Fashion Question Time negotiated this quandary deftly, dispelling the myths that often prefix shallow solutions to this looming issue. For instance, while audience members suggested imposing blanket bans on synthetic fibres like polyester, spandex, acrylic and rayon, suggesting that – just like the plastic straw “revolution” – this would be a quick and succinct way to cut down fashion’s carbon footprint, this would hardly be a solution at all. “This example highlights the complexities of mass produced fashion and the materials that we use in fashion,” Dr Mark Sumner, a lecturer in Sustainability, Fashion and Retail at the University of Leeds. “Because actually, a material like polyester can be much more sustainable than a material like cotton.”Sumner explains that, while polyester takes 200 years to decompose and releases toxic microfibres into the ocean (though increasingly popular PETr – recycled polyester – is growing ever more common in use), it is “much more durable and will last far longer than a cotton garment”; it’s fast-drying and versatile. It lasts – meaning it has the potential to be less wasteful – it meets worker health and safety protocols for uniforms. It doesn’t use the vast amounts of pesticides and water to produce that cotton does.It’s cheaper. This is an issue all of its own. Because, while fast fashion is indisputably and unforgivingly harming the planet, historically it emerged as a product of social injustice. Once upon a time, fashion was reserved for the elite – those who could afford to indulge did, while the majority weren’t privy to fashion’s moods. Working classes would own two outfits – one for Sunday best and one for the working week. It wasn’t until technological advances in post-war Britain in the 1960s and a change in attitude of consumers that fast fashion started to emerge. By the 1990s, it was more acceptable to admit a love for cheap clothing. And it’s kind of gone downhill from there – “In the last 16 years clothing consumption has doubled,” Laura Balmond, Project Manager for Make Fashion Circular at the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, told Tuesday’s panel. “And in the meantime we’re using clothes up to 40 per cent less than we were 16 years ago. So we’re producing more and using them less.”Now consumption of fashion is out of control – but a swift move towards consuming significantly less, and an inevitable upturn of prices could mean that we create damaging social rifts. “While there is a climate emergency, there is also a social emergency,” says Mary Creagh, MP for Wakefield, told the panel “and we have to tackle both of those things, together.“We must move towards a much more sustainable economy – but we must also make it a just transition. We have to ensure that we don’t create winners and losers in this scenario, and that fashion doesn’t become something for the rich people to enjoy.“I feel very passionately about this because, in the destruction of the coal mines, in the 1980s, my constituency was decimated. It created immediate unemployment, hunger – and it was because of an unjust transition.“That we move, now, is important, but equally so is how we move. We must make this transition with ordinary people with us at every step and allow them time to adjust and change their own behaviour as the industry evolves, too.”In short, sustainable fashion must be available – but it must be available for everyone. Despite one Extinction Rebellion organiser in attendance at Fashion Question Time posing whether fashion had a place at all in the precarious future ahead, the reaction was unanimous. “Fashion means jobs for people and joy for people,” Balmer said. “We all need it. We just need to find a way of doing it differently.Grazia Sustainable Fashion Brands2of60© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)As every fashionista knows, trainers are the key to cool. No longer consigned to the gym, trainers inject personality into everyday clothes and special occasion outfits. And with an emphasis on style, comfort and practicality, iconic British brand Gola is your go-to. The latest collection adds street-style flair to getting dressed. If your florals feel too girlish for work, too twee for a night out, add a pair of Gola trainers and you’re good to go! Discover the different ways to wear trainers for 2019, below...Gola Classics Montreal Lustre, £75 from GolaRummage through your vintage wardrobe, pull out your coolest dress (you get bonus points for anything patterned) - and then slip on some classic sneakers for an all-over old-school edge. For purists, the Gola Classics Montreal Lustre has been updated with an grey nylon upper and delicate gold leaf embroidery. Perfect for adding a timeless feel to your spring/summer wardrobe.Gola Classics Badminton, £50 from GolaGo retro-sporty by pairing a tea dress or skirt and tee with trainers for summer. Opting for trainers that have a mixture of white and a bright hue will help keep your look feeling fresh and current. Our shoe of choice? The Gola Classics Badminton plimsoll in classic off-white and green.Gola Toronto, £75 from GolaThis year, the new way to wear colour is by donning it on your feet. A pop of colour can help bring an outfit to life, so don't be afraid to experiment with clashing hues. Gola Classics Toronto in Baltic blue with ashes of yellow and red are a must. Or be pretty in pink with the Gola Classic Vancouver.Gola Classic Vancouver, £75 from GolaSince pastel is the new neutral, make sure you add lilac, sky blue, lemon and blush to your spring/summer shoedrobe. A Gola Classic Vancouver trainers boasts a classic silhouette with a romantic new look that will have your feet turning heads for all the right reasons. For an extra chic look, wear with frilled socks.Trainers To Covet In 20192of5To step into the new-season in style, let the experts at Gola look after your shoedrobe. Go to Gola.co.uk to browse the full collection.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The idea of sustainable fashion has changed considerably in the last few years. Where once, it seemed at odds with the idea of style, as connotations of hemp and shapeless clothes dominated the conversation, it is now becoming a focus for many huge, established brands. But while most mainstream fashion brands struggle to catch up with an increase in consumer demand for pieces that are more sustainable, one area of the market has been quietly reforming.Swimwear has become so much more than a basic bikini, particularly in the last year or so. Blame Instagram if you like – the social media platform is reportedly the major factor that millennials consider when booking a holiday these days – but swimwear has gone from functional to fashion-friendly, resulting in a wealth of chic, flattering options that are as exciting to wear as a new dress. Most excitingly of all, however, is the fact that many of the most talked-about new collections, launches and brands are focussing their efforts on sustainability, using swimwear to try to make a significant difference and lessen the impact on our environment.One such brand is Paper London, the young British label which, in the past eight years has gone from fledgling fashion brand to the clothes seen on the likes of J-Lo, Solange Knowles, Margot Robbie and Kate Hudson. Now, Paper has launched sustainable swimwear, which is all made from jersey crafted from fully recycled fishing nets, helping to minimise ocean waste. Not that that’s the first thing you’d notice about these pieces – rather, you’d be more inclined to recognise the fact that with colourblock one pieces featuring chic tie details, patchwork prints and rainbow bikinis, this is some of the loveliest swimwear on the market. O N E  P I E C E  W O N D E R 🌈 | Our super flattering, sustainably made swimsuits deserve a space in your holiday suitcase. Give your wardrobe a #rainbow boost via the link in bio | #PAPERLDNgirls #sustainableswimwear #saveourseas 🌊A post shared by  PAPER (@paperlondon) on Feb 22, 2019 at 2:05am PST“I have always been quite environmentally aware, so when we started the swimwear and resort range two years ago we searched for the softest and highest performance weights we could find that were fully recycled,” says Kelly Townsend, creative director and co-founder of Paper London. “Technical fabrics are so fascinating right now and they can virtually do anything – turn fishing nets into luxurious swimwear jersey, for example, which is quick drying, too.” According to Townsend, the sustainable fabrics she’s using actually have a better structure and durability, which is a welcome bonus for a collection about which she is clearly feels extremely passionate: “Having recently travelled to Mexico to shoot the SS19 campaign, I really saw the impact we are having on the beautiful seas,” she says. “The turquoise waters of the past have been replaced by a thick red seaweed due to the rise in sea temperature and I saw first-hand the damage we have done. It's hard to fully grasp the magnitude of some of the ongoing issues or how bad they really are when we live in big cities but whilst I was there, I vowed to try and change Paper's overall footprint to become more sustainable.”Reformation, too, is a brand that has been quietly building up its swim offering, all of which is designed in the same vintage style as the clothes – something which has earned the La-based label a cult following. Each style is made from ECONYL, a regenerated nylon fiber made from various waste, both from landfill and the oceans. The brand also sells Guppyfriend Washing Bags in its swim section, which help to reduce the amount of microfibers (the tiny bits of plastic that end up in the sea) shed by swimwear when washed. We use ECONYL® for swim, a regenerated nylon fiber made from waste such as fishing nets from the ocean and other waste from landfills.A post shared by  Reformation (@reformation) on Mar 7, 2019 at 5:31pm PSTSimilarly, Madewell launched its first sustainable swim collection earlier this year, with pieces made from recycled plastic bottles. High street brand Monki also just announced plans to launch its very first sustainable swimwear collection, just in time for summer. Jennie Dahlin Hansson, managing director at Monki said: “We are always trying to find more sustainable ways of doing fashion. It feels good to now offer swimwear made from recycled materials.” 👀A look in-to our SS19 swimwear lookbook 👀 We're so excited to finally have sustainable swimwear (we hope u are too). Bring on allllll the sun, ice-cream & summer memz ☀️☀️☀️A post shared by  Monki (@monki) on Apr 10, 2019 at 12:51am PDTSo, why is there such a movement towards sustainability in swimwear? Could this have anything to do with recent reports of the ‘Attenborough effect’, which suggest that, since Attenborough’s urgent warnings of the plastic crisis in our oceans – as illustrated with the heartbreaking image of a whale grieving for her dead calf – there has been a 53 per cent drop in single-use plastics? Townsend certainly relates it back to the ocean: “I think there’s probably been a surge in sustainable swimwear because of the fact that our seas are so important to us all and at this point, they are under great threat unless we act now. It makes sense that swimwear, the very thing we wear when in closest proximity to the sea, should reflect our desire to try and help,” she says. “Also, general awareness of the problem, as well as technical fabrics, are becoming more prevalent, which makes it something that’s easier to implement.”Whatever the reason, it’s certainly a welcome change – and one which will hopefully infiltrate the ready-to-wear market on the same scale soon. If more designers adopt Townsend’s mentality, then it would certainly seem likely: “Our goals going forward are to be plastic-free in terms of transporting goods, and we would like to use an increased amount of organic and sustainable fabrics across the whole collection. We are also currently looking at a system whereby customers can return the swimwear at the end of its life cycle, so that it can be regenerated and reused as the fabric is infinitely recyclable.”© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Six years ago today, the Rana Plaza factory collapsed in Bangladesh, causing thousands of deaths and leaving those behind picking through the rubble, desperately searching for loved ones –only to find clothing labels from some of the world's most prolific fashion retailers. It was a stark reminder of the human cost of the fashion industry – while clothes have become more transient than ever as we all seek to buy and wear more, what does this actually mean for those responsible for the manufacture of those clothes? Why would one person’s desire for a dress mean that another should put their life in danger every single day?Those sorts of questions birthed Fashion Revolution, an organisation led by founders Carey Somers and Orsola de Castro that works to enact real change within the global garment industry. Whether campaigning for fair living wages for workers or raising awareness about the environmental impact of fast fashion, Fashion Revolution’s starting point is transparency. After all, without it brands and corporations will not be held accountable for their actions. The question we should all be asking is: Who made my clothes?As part of this ongoing campaign, Fashion Revolution publishes a Transparency Index annually, ranking brands across the spectrum of fashion according to how much information they provide regarding – among other things – their supply chains, manufacturing processes and implementation of workers’ rights. This year, of the 200 brands assessed, those on top are Adidas, Reebok and Patagonia, who each scored 64 per cent of a total of 250 points. No brand scored over 70 per cent and the average score was 21 per cent, which seems depressingly low. When you look at 2018’s results, however, you can see that there is a five per cent increase in brands’ transparency. Progress is slow but steady.“The fashion industry was built on secrecy and elitism; it was opaque,” says de Castro. “Transparency is disruptive - in that sense it is a breath of fresh air and a useful weapon of change.” Interestingly, high street brands historically rank a lot higher than many of their luxury counterparts. H&M, for example, is in the top five brands this year, with a score of 61 per cent. ASOS, M&S, Gap, Levi’s and Converse all fell within the 51-60 per cent bracket, while Gucci, Saint Laurent and Burberry scored between 31-40 per cent out of 250 points. Some of the most improved brands included Dior – now disclosing 22 per cent more than last year –Tu clothing and Marc Jacobs.While there is clearly still a long way to go, it is without question that transparency is a vital tool with which to protect people around the world. If brands are retailers are permitted to work under the cover of darkness, all manner of abuses and violations can prosper. In asking the question ‘Who made my clothes?’, we are asking for those more vulnerable than ourselves to become visible. As Christophe Deloire, secretary general of Reporters Without Borders said: “None of the main which humanity is facing will be resolved without access to information.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If there's one thing fashion is hammering home right now, it's that beige is the new black. Not just beige, in fact: one of the biggest trends for summer is no-fuss naturals – think plenty of earthy details like woven textures, fringing and frayed edges.As seen at J W Anderson, it seems fashion has gone back to basics for the sunny season. And yet this trend will make your wardrobe quite the opposite – a beige or cream oversized blazer, for example, is one of the simplest way to elevate your trusty old jeans in an instant.From raffia totes to shell jewellery (think not of the stuff you wore on the beach in the '90s – this year's iteration is far more chic) and luxe sandals, there's plenty of ways in which you can channel the naturals trend – and it won't make too big a dent in your pay cheque, either. The high street is awash with everything from sun dresses to midi skirts, which all look far more expensive than their price tags would suggest.No-Fuss Naturals - Grazia2of8© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just in time for Fashion Revolution week, Adidas has revealed its brand new running shoes, which are not your average trainers. Called the Futurecraft.Loop, the shoes are designed to enhance performance – and potentially save the planet.100 per cent recyclable, the shoes are the product of a partnership between Adidas and Parley for the Oceans, an organisation that works to fight all the current threats to the world's oceans – namely, plastic. As a result, Adidas has said that this year, it will produce 11 million pairs of shoes made from recycled plastic collected by Parley from beaches, remote islands and coastal communities.Eric Liedtke, executive board member at Adidas said: “Taking plastic waste out of the system is the first step, but we can’t stop there. What happens to your shoes after you’ve worn them out? You throw them away – except there is no away. There are only landfills and incinerators and ultimately an atmosphere choked with excess carbon, or oceans filled with plastic waste. The next step is to end the concept of “waste” entirely. Our dream is that you can keep wearing the same shoes over and over again.”The idea is that when your shoes are nearing the end of their life, you return them to Adidas, where they will be "washed, ground to pellets and melted into material for components for a new pair of shoes, with zero waste and nothing thrown away."The brand is releasing the shoes to 200 "leading Creators from across the world’s major cities", who will provide feedback on the shoes before they're released to the wider public in 2021.Could this be the future of sportswear, and the garment industry in general? It certainly feels like a step in the right direction.Read more: How to have a plastic-free bathroom © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I will start by admitting that Past Me once said “Ho ho ho, who would spend over a hundred pounds on a pair of cashmere ‘Beach Pants’?” and Present Me not only owns the Beach Pants, but spent an extra tenner in order to get the Outnet to bring them to me within 24 hours. So when Byredo announced the launch of its Toile textile perfume, I clutched my sides and gasped “Tee hee hee! Who is going to spend the best part of fifty quid on posh Febreeze?” Yes, that’s me with my hand up, staring at the floor, feeling vaguely ashamed of myself for ever pretending that I wouldn’t be into it.I love perfume in the way that other people love pop music, and everything Byredo makes gets me as giddy and obsessive as any One Direction fan. Also, the brand has always positioned itself as a holistic creator of scents - fragrance doesn’t begin and end with our bodies, it fills our lives. My first Byredo experience was with a scented candle, Cotton Poplin, which I think smells exactly like innocent, enthusiastic honeymoon sex in a Mary Wesley novel. Ben Gorham, the man behind the brand, started out studying fine art and chose perfume over painting. I think of his scents as tiny, vivid universes, intricately embroidered with complicated details. There is a breed of Bougie Basic (I am you) who lives for Bibliotheque, the scent of Audrey Hepburn in Funny Face before she meets Fred Astaire, and another who is obsessed with Gipsy Water, which is available in a range of products and can therefore make you, your hands and your house smell like a charismatic cult leader. I’m huffing my own ponytail after spraying it with Mojave Ghost hair perfume, which (I think) makes me smell like a wayward Constance Billard runaway off to the desert to cast Wiccan spells on cute boys to get them to fall in love with me. Gorham knows that what we smell, and where we smell it, is a vibe and a mood.BUY: Byredo, Toile Textile Perfume, £48Toile might be first cousins with my first love, Cotton Poplin. It claims to be ‘fresh yet illusive’ and it contains ‘the abstraction perfumers use to hush over dramatic flowers,' whatever that means. On first spray, I am a tiny bit disappointed, as it doesn’t quite deliver the narcotic, swoony hit I was hoping for. I give it a fairly revolting, Daz-style challenge: it goes on a Snoopy blanket that may have been caught in the no-man’s-land between my mouth and a forkful of cashew chicken. It goes on the cushion that I keep waking up on just before bed, as I come to when I realise that it is damp with drool. Finally, it goes on my own gross, unwashed forearm, which is fresh from my nearest rowing machine. It smells strangely absent, slightly silvery, and…yes! Like fresh laundry! Fresher than my own actual laundry ever does, in fact. Slowly, subtly, I start to feel a bit more relaxed. I have transformed my home and my arm into an expensive hotel. It’s deeply calming, this nothing-y, fresh-sheet scent. While I’m sure this was not Gorham’s intention, if your attitude to life is a laundry-averse one, I reckon you could get an extra week out of your sheets with a quick spray. In fact, the launch has been perfectly timed because we’re right at the beginning of barbecue season. I can wear all of my dry clean only chiffon dresses without worrying that anyone is sniffing me and detecting last year’s onions! If you’re a smoker, a pet owner or just a very messy person with a fondness for obscure blue cheeses, your days of panicky window wafting are over. Spritz your cushions and clothing with Toile and you could be the next Mrs Hinch.Like cashmere Beach Pants, Toile spray is more useful than I ever thought possible - I might have just about grown out of Febreezing my jeans, but I shall be spraying with impunity. Obviously I would never tell you to use Toile instead of washing your clothes - but in all honestly, if you made that decision, I don’t think anyone would be able to tell. Plum, vanilla, tonka bean and sandalwood makes for a moreish, sensual blend that's just the ticket for the party season.Snuggle up fireside with a wooly blanket and light this balmy concoction of warm amber, creamy tonka bean and heady incense. Inspired by the serene shimmer of sunshine on snow, Tom Ford's latest Private Blend makes a refreshing change from the usual oud, woody, Christmas offerings. Bright notes of bergamot, carrot seed and florals soon dry down to creamy vanilla and musk. It's crisp, fresh and oh-so moreish. Didn't think purple was for you? Think again, as this beautiful, sparkly mauve is so flattering - it lends lips a festive shimmering finish that lasts all night long. A good mascara should lengthen, add volume and never ever clump. This mascara ticks all of the boxes and then some with its ultra black intense colour and curved bristles that reach every single lash - even those difficult to reach corner ones. Bravo L'Oreal!Charlotte has picked her six favourite eyeshadows and combined them together in this one, dreamy palette. Every shade perfectly complements each other to create a smoked-out warm, bronzy eye that works perfectly for day-time as well as party season. CBD is still the buzzy ingredient taking the beauty industry by storm. Why? It's anti-inflammatory, relieving the skin from puffiness, stress and irritation. These powerful drops have also been formulated with squalane (great for hydration) and purslane (protects against environment aggressors). Fancy an indulgent splurge? Go for Chanel's luxurious hair and body oil that envelops your skin in a velvet, satin veil of nourishing oil which smells of a sumptuous spa. Divine. Swirl a big fluffy brush over these light-reflecting, golden pearls and swish over cheekbones and forehead to warm up your complexion and give it that radiant, lit-from-within glow. La Prairie have added a cleanser and a micellar water to their existing range of super luxe skincare. The Supreme Balm cleanser offers the perfect combination of effective cleansing without being aggressive, leaving skin feeling supple and nourished. Urban Decay's new foundation line has a massive 50 shades, so they've got a tone for pretty much everyone. It's a buildable, medium coverage formula which is also mixes well with moisturiser if you're looking for a light, summery look. We've gone coconuts for this golden-peach highlighter that's like gold dust for a glowing complexion. Apply a couple of pumps to the high points of your face for a believable glow, or try pressing on before foundation to give skin a radiant, lit-from-within finish. Formulated with 5 different coconuts, the highlighter helps hydrate skin too. Simple Skincare is reducing plastic waste with these 62 per cent less plastic pouches that are perfect for moisturising on-the-go and taking away on holiday. Handy. Yes, it's expensive. But Dr Michael Prager's skincare range combines his expertise with high-grade ingredients that really do work. Concerned about pigmentation and skin tone? Try this gel mask packed with AHA's to exfoliate skin and Salicylic Acid to help with any breakouts, revealing a softer, smoother complexion. Forget sticky, gloopy glosses – Glossiers lip gloss has a balmy texture, hydrates with Vitamin E whilst lending lips a mirror-like shine. The res has an excellent pigment and will disguise any tired skin in an instant. Bursting with bristles and blacker than black, the Preversion mascara from Urban Decay is now waterproof. So, forget smudges and sweat – this new addition can withstand the hottest of heatwaves. This 98 per cent natural, milky mask helps strengthen and moisturise dry, damaged hair with hydrating aloe vera and nourishing vitamins. Just massage on post-shampoo and rise off after a couple of minutes. Smooth strands guaranteed. This is your partner in crime for setting off a tan. From cheekbones to shins, collarbones to shoulders, a bit of this will get you that J-Lo glow in no time.Nothing is handier than a slick stick foundation when the heat is on. Guerlain's new Terracotta Skin Foundation Stick, £34, which sits equally well in your in-flight kit as in your beach bag and delivers a dewy, glowy finish - whatever the weather. Swoosh over the centre of your face and blend outwards for a foolproof finish. Dolce & Gabbana's Nail Lacquers in Sunrise and Sunset were created to mimic the reflections of the sun on the Mediterranean Sea at their respective times of the day, making for two glitteringly golden hues that can be worn alone or on top of more pigmented shades for a shot of shimmer.The new NARS Face Palette in Summer Lights, £55, leaves no bronzy stone unturned thanks to six expertly chosen shades that can be used all over the face and work as well together as they do solo. We're calling it as the ultimate do-it-all palette for anyone who likes a golden touch.Tapping into our unapologetic penchant for pink, Nina Ricci's Les Sorbets de Nina EDT, £39.50, smells just as good as it looks. Fans of the original scent will recognise the floral raspberry tang, but this one is richer and sweeter with a blend of praline and caramel to boot. Get spritzing! There are body oils and then there's Gucci Bloom Body Oil, £46 – which lends limbs the subtlest skin-boosting sheen with a sophisticated scent of Jasmine and Tuberose. Plus, it's Gucci – a no-brainer. A non-negotiable accompaniment to beach-side mojitos at sunset? A lip colour that will not budge. We've found "The One" and it comes in the shape of Giorgio Armani's Lip Maestros (304 and 521 pictured) which contain gel spheres that offer day-long hydration while feeling lightweight on lips.Just like Midas before her, everything makeup artist Charlotte Tilbury touches turns to gold, or more specifically, golden, glowy skin. Her new Glowgasm Face Palette, £60, is a case in point with four different shades that double up as eyeshadows and highlighters. Dust over cheeks, eyelids and anywhere you want to shine bright like RiRi's diamond. What's better than a spritz of Chanel's iconic No.5 L'Eau? Layering it over the new L'Eau Fresh Lotion, £44, for a double whammy scent situation, that's what. Fresh, uplifting and as sophisticated as they come.We're calling it: scrunchies don't get any chicer than Slip's Bunny versions, £45 for 3, which are made with the highest quality mulberry silk to avoid snagging or annoying imprints. Hop to it.Mushrooms are still having a moment in skincare, and Origins Mega-Mushroom Relief and Resilience Face Cream, £52, is reason why they deserve the hype. With chaga, reishi and cordyceps, this mega moisturiser helps soothe and strengthen even the most irritated of sun-baked skin.You'll fall hard for Tom Ford's Lip Spark Lipsticks, £40 each, which look like velvet glitter in the bullet but impart the most flattering, subtle sparkly sheen on lips IRL. We bow down. A quick swoosh of YSL Beauty's Sequin Crush Eyeshadow in Silver, £26, over eyelids will leave a twinkly tan-enhancing finish, that's just as apt for sunny days in the park as it is for disco mode. Sweep on or amp up the pigment with a damp brush. Dior Couture Colour Nail Lacquer in Blue Drop, £22, gets you in the holiday spirit faster than you can say pool party. And crucially, it has chip-proof staying power that won't falter at the first hurdle. Dive on in.It's not often a fragrance gets the whole beauty team's seal of approval but Byredo's Sundazed, £165, did exactly that. A quintessential summer perfume, with buttery notes of cotton candy, a tang of citrusy mandarin and a refreshing hit of neroli, this is the kind of spritz that only gets better as the temperature rises.For cool-girl Cali waves without the crisp texture, apply this leave-in conditioner which softens, detangles, and protects hair from harmful UV-rays.Forgo a heavy base in favour of this SPF meets tinted moisturizer which lends skin a healthy, natural glow that will see you through pool parties to sundowner cocktails.If crisp apple, fresh jasmine and sweet rose sound like the perfect holiday combo, spray this all over from top-to-toe.If your skin is feeling a little more scorched than sun-kissed, try this soothing spray which instantly cools skin down with peppermint and aloe vera.A total game-changer for body moisturizer – this water-gel texture sinks straight into skin whilst wet to lock in moisture and keep limbs silky soft. Apply a generous layer as soon as you're out the shower then dry with a towel. From Glossier's latest range, Glossier Play, this glitter gel makes for a great update on your old metallic eyeshadow.The cult body shimmer is now available in a jumbo size, which you apply with a pump rather than a roll-on. Designed to work like a highlighter for your body, this is your new secret weapon for summer Providing complete SPF 50 protection from UV rays via natural ingredients, this is the ultimate SPF to wear every day. Expensive it may be, but a little goes a long way and it provides an excellent base for make-up, too.Like a night cream for your hair, this serum nourishes hair overnight without making it look or feel greasy. Works wonders on dry or split ends. One of three delightfully summery new fragrances from Louis Vuitton's master perfumer, Afternoon Swim is fresh, clean and smells like holidays. Read more about the new scents here.As part of its collaboration with Ulla Johnson, Bobbi Brown has released a new, bright orange shade in its Crushed Lip Colour range. Loaded with pigment but with all the hydration of a balm, it's a dream. This mattifying mineral sunscreen smells delicious while forming a physical barrier against UV rays and blue light. It's also free of both chemical UV filters and silicone,A blush, bronzer and highlighter all-in-one, this will be your ultimate new multi-tasker. Add to your make-up bag and forever wonder how you managed without it. If the colder months have left you with skin that feels dry and unloved, this will sort you out in no time. Apply straight after you shower and enjoy the benefits all day long. This liquid eye colour is a super speedy way to refresh your face – the colour is also buildable and long-lasting, making it ideal for your handbag If you're a fan of a night cream, this is for you. Sitting somewhere between a gel and a cream, this will repair your skin as you sleep, leaving you with a brighter, more even complexion. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Everything Meghan Markle wears becomes an instant hit. The Strathberry crossbody bag the Duchess of Sussex wore last February in Edinburgh sold out mere minutes after she wore it, with a waitlist of 3000 lining up to steal her style. Similarly, Mulberry saw a 95 per cent increase in sales after she wore their Poshmark satchel for a church service last March.It's not just accessories Meghan models beautifully though. When the heavily-pregnant Royal wore a fine-knit H&M dress for £25, it was soon on eBay for six times its original price. The Duchess then wore her friend Victoria Beckham's chain-print dress at the Commonwealth Day Service last month, which she teamed with a chic pill-box hat and matching cream coat. Despite it retailing at £1,668, VB's design quickly sold out, proving that Meghan is the Queen of pregnancy fashion.M&S, Skirt, £39.50If you were gutted to have missed out on the sell-out frock, you're in luck. M&S are set to release a near-identical cream skirt in mid-May, featuring a rope-print, button detailing. and a sophisticated A-line cut. The even better news? At just £39.50, it's a fraction of the price of Meghan's designer dress.The design is set to go on sale both online and in-store, and similarly to the brand's most coveted pieces, is sure to sell out quickly.Credit: GettyMaking a surprise appearance at the British Fashion Awards calls for a pretty spectacular outfit. Enter this timeless number, which has since set the bar high for one-shoulder gowns.Meghan Markle Pregnancy Style - Grazia Slider2of27Making a surprise appearance at the British Fashion Awards calls for a pretty spectacular outfit. Enter this timeless number, which has since set the bar high for one-shoulder gowns.Meghan visited Smart Works, which one of the four new patronages, wearing a simple maternity dress from Hatch. She paired this with a classic trench coat from Oscar de la Renta, and part-sheer printed heels by Gianvito Rossi. Understated yet elegant.Whilst attending a Royal Variety performance, Meghan dazzled in a sleek black skirt and monochrome top that featured a floral pattern. We love.During a visit to Brinsworth House (which is the Royal Variety Charity's residential nursing and care home), Meghan stepped out wearing a clean white floral dress by brand Brock Collection. To beat the chill, she threw on a long grey coat Soia and Kyo, before completing her look with a classic nude clutch and heels.When visiting Birkenhead with her beau Prince Harry, Meghan wore a bright purple dress under this striking red coat by fashion brand Sentaler. Her statement red shoes were from Stuart Weitzman, and we're pretty obsessed with them.Meghan wore a Roland Mouret sequin gown during a visit to watch a charity performance of Cirque du Soleil at Royal Albert Hall. Her sequined evening look was paired with black heels by Stuart Weitzman, and she donned a slicked back bun and bold lips.Drawing inspiration from her sister-in-law Kate Middleton, Meghan often to wear an affordable cream dress from H&M during a visit to Mayhew, one of her royal patronages. She covered the dress with a smart Armani coat and heels. Chic.Burgundy is definitely the Duchess' colour! This Club Monaco coat and her collared dress make for a match-made in heaven. And when paired with with black tights and chunky heeled boots, we have a winning winter outfit.For the final Armistice Day service at Westminster Abbey, Meghan wore an elegant navy skirt and boxed-style shoulder peplum top, complete with a headpiece and large poppy pin.Can we just take a moment for this custom Givenchy outfit? Created for her last royal engagement in New Zealand, Meghan married a classy navy sweater with a pleated maxi skirt which showcased different shades of blue.The Duchess has opted to wear navy on several occasions during her pregnancy, including the time she wore this Antonio Berardi dress with a pair of Aquazzura heels.Yes, Meghan Markle is often spotted wearing heels and princess-worthy gowns, but she's also capable of rocking a more laid-back style with ease. Take this Karen Walker blazer, J.Crew skinny jeans, and practical rain boots as proof.In New Zealand, Meghan wore this gorgeous plaid trench by Karen Walker. She layered it over a black dress which was sold on ASOS, proving that designer and high-street go hand-in-hand.For her speech at the Invictus Games closing ceremony, Meghan donned a tailored, olive green dress by the designer Antonio Berardi. She completed her look with a poppy pin.Meghan accompanied Harry to watch the wheelchair basketball finals at Invictus Games, and donned a casual yet chic outfit. The Duchess proved that a simple pair of skinny jeans and a wrap top are in still very much in style.Meghan wowed the crowd at Australian Geographic Society Awards in this flowing Oscar de la Renta gown, which she styled with slingback heels.Have you ever seen a Veronica Beard Cary Dress and blue suede shoes look so chic together?What does one wear to dinner with the King and Queen of Tonga? Only a white gown by Theia, pumps by Aquazzura and earrings by Birks, of course!Whilst attended the unveiling of a statue in honour of a British-Fijan soldier, Meghan chose to wear Jason Wu green mid-length dress with pointed heels and an arm cuff.The Duchess's eye-catching blue gown by Safiyaa, married with a pair of diamond drop earrings, is one of our favourite Meghan Markle outfits of all-time.White 3/4 sleeve dress + matching Stephen Jones fascinator _ straw clutch = Heaven in an outfit.We're obsessed with this black Emilia Wickstead dress which features dainty buttons all the way down the middle. And it looks even better when paired with this Philip Treacy fascinator, don't you think?A striped Martin Grant dress is the only plausible outfit to wear on the beach, right? We certainly think so.See, we told you that Meghan is a fan of the colour navy. Lots of her dress choices - like this two-toned number by Roksanda - feature varying shades of blue.Let's face it: we can't blame Meghan for her love affair with navy - she really does know how to pull the colour off, and it's complementary against her dark hair colour.When we first saw Meghan wearing this forest green Brandon Maxwell dress, we fell hard in love, and in all honestly, we haven't stopped thinking about it since.This classy white dress by Australian designer Karen Gee was the first item that Meghan was spotted in after the news of her pregnancy was confirmed.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I already know what you're going to say. Maybe you'll say it in your head, maybe you'll say it with an eye roll. Perhaps you'll be so utterly dismayed that you'll say it out loud, directly to your screen. I'm going to say (or rather type) two seemingly ordinary words, which, when combined are going to illicit a not entirely positive reaction from you – or so I would presume. But then, no good really ever came from presuming. And a whole lot of good could come from what I'm about to tell you.Short suit. I knew it, you hate it. But wait: banish all thoughts of '80s workwear (well, not all – there's a reason fashion has started celebrating this decade again. And also: the red suit Julia Roberts wears in Pretty Woman deserves to be recognised as an inspired choice of costume) and instead embrace this new and improved take on the trend, which is actually a very chic alternative to midi dresses. As seen all over social media, as most great trends are these days, short suits are actually very wearable if you keep the rest of your look simple; a white tee layered underneath, for example, is all you need, coupled with pointed pumps.In truth, I have been thinking about the shorts suit since 2006, when Kate Moss wore one to attend a wedding. She looked casual yet dressed up at the same time, in that inimitable way Kate Moss does. But it just felt like an inspired choice for those moments when a dress just won't do it. By 'it', I mean looking put together and stylish while remaining unfussy and completely nonchalant. Honestly, a short suit will do that for you.To complete the holy trinity of inspiration, I would take you from Julia, to Kate, to Tibi, where I met the short suit of dreams. Oversized, with a slightly padded shoulder and an elegant tie-detail at the front, it's nothing short of exquisite. It's also over £1000 for the set. And so, to the high street, which is anything but a compromise, for there are some cracking co-ords to be discovered. From & Other Stories' pink satin two-piece (from the brand's recent wedding-themed capsule collection) to Topshop's brilliant take on the utility trend, pair with this season's square toe shoes for a triumphant melange of '80s and '90s references that just so happen to look entirely 'now'. And who doesn't want to look 'now'?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Costume Institute Gala at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art will, as always, be one of the biggest and more covered fashion fundraisers of the year. And as ever, it's set to be a star-studded line-up. Brush up on everything you need to know about the Met Gala 2019 event so you're in the know... The Met Gala is infamous for its long-standing tradition that's been in place the '70s, where each year's ball is themed. The Met Gala 2019 theme is 'Camp: Notes on Fashion', which is framed around Susan Sontag’s 'Notes on Camp' essay. In this essay published in 1964, she details what exactly 'camp' is. According to the Met Museum, discusses how 'elements of irony, [humour], parody, pastiche, artifice, theatricality, and exaggeration are expressed in fashion'. This concept can be construed in different ways, depending on how guests interpret it, but you can certainly expect to see some daring, outlandish outfits.Last year's theme was Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination, which was dedicated to the often uneasy relationship between fashion and religion.The Met Gala falls annually on the first Monday of May, so the Met Gala 2019 date is Monday, 6 May 2019. Red carpet coverage from New York normally starts from around 7pm EST.The Met Gala always takes place in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and 2019 is no exception.Is it possible to get tickets to the Met Gala, you ask? There is, and we've listed out an extensive 'how to get tickets to the Met Gala' guide that you should definitely read. Although we will add: it's certainly no easy feat. According to Fortune, the Met Gala 2019 ticket price is costed at around $30,000 per person (or $275,000 per table), so you have to be prepared to splash out if you want to attend. But then again, you will be in the presence of Lady Gaga and Harry Styles, so maybe it's worth it?This year, US Vogue editor Anna Wintour will host the Met Gala 2019. The event will also be co-chaired by Harry Styles, Lady Gaga, Alessandro Michele, and Serena Williams.The infamous Met Gala isn't televised, but lots of news outlets will be covering the event via live streams and red carpet coverage. After they walk the red carpet and navigate the hundreds of paparazzi, celebrities go through to a private cocktail party, before exploring the exhibit and having dinner. Sounds right up our street.The Met Gala guest list doesn't get revealed beforehand, but as numbers tend to be capped at around 700 people, it's normally a list that includes influential celebrities and trailblazers across the music, film, fashion, and arts and culture sectors.There are a few rules, but attendees often break them. For example, taking selfies is frowned upon, but we've definitely seen our fair share of Met Gala selfies and group shots over the years. The Met is also a no-smoking affair. Noted.Credit: ShutterstockGala co-chair Amal Clooney was one of the first to arrive, wearing a rose print design by Richard Quinn (whose LFW show was recently attended by none other than Her Majesty the Queen, FYI)Met Gala 2018 Best Dressed - Grazia2of72Gala co-chair Amal Clooney was one of the first to arrive, wearing a rose print design by Richard Quinn (whose LFW show was recently attended by none other than Her Majesty the Queen, FYI)Bee Shaffer, perennially plus one to her mother Anna Wintour, wore scarlett Valentino haute couture fashioned from scalloped layers.Anna Wintour chose a custom beaded Chanel design in white. Perks of the job, hey?Princess Beatrice made her Met Gala debut in an appropriately regal shade of purple, complete with tiara. Olivia Munn's gold chainmail dress (and matching net headpiece, naturally) are from high street favourite H&M.Donatella Versace made a statement in... Versace, of course.Broadway star Cynthia Erivo chose this purple velvet showstopper - complete with bedazzled eyebrows.Amanda Seyfried opted for a whimsically romantic spin on the theme, pairing this marigold yellow Prada number with an understated tiara (which, in this case, is not a contradiction in terms).Model Jasmine Sanders was the Gala's golden girl in H&M.For her first Met Gala, Riverdale star Lili shone in silver H&M.Lily Collins embraced the dark side in ethereal Givenchy Haute Couture. Uma Thurman kept things simple all in white.Bella Hadid opted for latex and leather.Kate Bosworth channelled bridal chic with an embellished veil and a tulle gown complete with awe-inspiring train, by the design duo at Oscar de la Renta.Fully embracing the theme, SZA looked celestial in tulle and serious embellishment.Zoe Kravitz's high-split lace dress is by Anthony Vacarello for Saint Laurent.Mossy is back! Kate made her Met return in this deceptively simple LBD by Anthony Vacarello for Saint Laurent.Two words for Kerry Washington's Met look: golden goddess.The first of the Kardashian-Jenner clan to arrive at the Met was momager-in-chief Kris, in black feathers and gold embellishment.Trust Ri-Ri to take the theme and run with it: let the memes commence, because Rihanna just rocked up to the Met dressed in what's best described as a pearl-encrusted take on papal vestments.Irina Shayk shone in gold, with matching choker.It's hard to believe that this is Ariana Grande's first Met Gala. Look closer at her gown and you might just notice detailling from a certain iconic Renaissance painting...Props to Lana and Jared for doing the absolute most in Gucci (who else?)Poppy Delevingne looked chic and classic while still nodding to the theme in this purple gown with gold detailling.Giving Rihanna a run for her money, it's SJP in Dolce & Gabbana, complete with matching headdressBrooke Shields kept things classic in this strapless navy blue style, a custom design by Zac Posen.Model Kate Upton wore a simple emerald style by Zac Posen, completing the look with a bejewelled headband.Always one to watch for a Met style statement, Diane Kruger wore a blue Prabal Gurung design with a dramatic high-low hem and train, with a Philip Treacy x Tasaki headpiece.In Ocean's Eight, she'll play a wealthy socialite who's the target of a jewel heist at the Met Ball. For her latest IRL Gala appearance, Anne Hathaway was stunning in scarlet Valentino.Amber Heard off-set the simplicity of her long-sleeved, high-necked red gown with a cut-out at the waist and a golden halo of a headpiece.Dakota Fanning kept things simple - and angelic - in this one-shouldered white Grecian style.As if we needed further definitive proof that Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is heaven sent, her latest Met appearance (wearing Ralph Lauren embellished with Swarovski crystals) is it.Gabrielle Union brought a pop of bold yellow to the Met steps in sunny Prabal Gurung.Joan Smalls looked ready to reign over the Met Gala in a golden gown and queenly headdress.Alexa Chung stuck to the theme in a simple white dress with statement sleeves.All hail this year's Best Actress Oscar winner Frances McDormand, in a look straight from the runway at Valentino.Rooney Mara wore a light blue look last seen on the runway at Givenchy Haute Couture.Evan Rachel Wood's Altuzarra ensemble is utterly angelic.Hailey Baldwin's Met Gala aesthetic? Disney Princess at Coachella.Give her a theme and Katy Perry will take it literally, this time with 6 foot angel wings...Cindy Crawford brought a touch of old school, Jessica Rabbit style glamour to proceedings.Winnie Harlow was angelic all in white with a headpiece reaching up to the heavens.Lily Aldridge wore a simple Ralph Lauren style in bold yellow, letting her jewellery do the talkingEmma Stone continued her partnership with Louis Vuitton for her Met look, a sophisticated navy gown with gold embellishments. For her second Met Gala, Paris Jackson chose a Stella McCartney style in rust orange.Alicia Vikander was chic as ever in her designer of choice, Louis Vuitton.After last year's nearly naked dress, Kendall Jenner kept things simple in a white jumpsuit by Off-White.Pink hair, yellow eyeshadow, a medieval headpiece and a fishnet gown: Cara Delevingne does not do the Met Gala by halves.Michelle Williams stuck to her signature red carpet style in a chainmail-esque design from Louis Vuitton.Unexpectedly, Scarlett Johansson wore a design by Marchesa, the label co-owned by Harvey Weinstein's estranged wife Georgina Chapman.Nicki is another Met attendee who can always be counted upon to embrace the dress code, this time in scarlet Oscar de la Renta.Blake Lively's Met gown reportedly took 600 hours to make, and now we can finally see why...Kim wore a gold chainmail gown by Versace, complete with crucifix embellishment.The inspiration for Zendaya's latest Met showstopper? Joan of Arc.Emilia Clarke embraced the theme in Dolce & Gabbana.Jennifer Lopez's embellished Balmain gown - with built-in crucifix neckline - was a true showstopper.Madonna was always going to embrace this particular theme, wasn't she? Solange asked her Twitter followers to vote on her Met Gala look: this was the heavenly result.Miley kept things uncharacteristically low-key in a black Stella McCartney dress.We have so much time for this particular Met duo...A sister act: the Miller sisters arrived at the Gala together, with Sienna in angelic Louis Vuitton and Savannah in bold red.Another star to embrace metallics for the night was Emily Ratajkowski, in this silver-gold style with major cut-outs.Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen opted for a boho take on the dress code.Gigi looked suitable angelic in glimmering Versace.Priyanka's beaded coif (reminiscent of a medieval knight) took over 250 hours to made; she paired it with a simple strapless gown by Ralph Lauren.All hail Cardi B, who graced her first Met Gala in beaded Moschino by Jeremy Scott.Lena Waithe's resplendent rainbow cape took a stand for the LGBTQ community.Hailee Steinfeld looked celestial all in white with an angelic crown.Kylie brought the tiny sunglasses trend to the Met carpet, pairing her miniature silver shades with a simple black cut-out gown.If in doubt, match your dress to your thigh high boots a la Mary J Blige...Selena Gomez chose an ethereal, pale pink style by her perennial collaborators, Coach.Naturally, Gisele opted for the 'goddess' interpretation of this year's dress code...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Call it wishful thinking, but we're already dreaming about the contents of our summer wardrobe and the outfits we'll be donning in warmer weather. And it seems as if French Connection has read our minds, because their SS19 High Summer collection is full of slick styles and colour pop pieces that we're already desperate to wear. See which looks we're crushing on, and discover how to shape your spring/summer wardrobe, below...Credit: Alicia Lace Strappy Dress, £150.00 and Elena Stiletto Sandals, £100.00, all from French ConnectionThe must-have textile of high summer, crochet is making a comeback in the form of delicately-crafted floral designs. This French Connection number can be paired with heels for a formal spring/summer event (think champagne-sipping BBQs or open-air parties). Or dress it down with sandals for an effortlessly chic look.Credit: Julienne Lyocell Playsuit, £85.00 and Sara Slip On Trainer, £75.00, all from French ConnectionThis summer, nod to the '70s in a bell sleeve top - but remember, the updated way to rock this vintage style is with modern mid-length sleeves. For an easy win, try this button-down playsuit from French Connection on for size. Pair with slip-on trainers for ultimate cool-girl appeal.Credit: Lavande Gingham Dress, £125.00, T-shirt, Classic Crew Neck T-Shirt, £20.00, and Mai Studded Leather Sandal, £80.00, all from French ConnectionLayering isn't only reserved for winter: in fact, high summer is the perfect time to show off your styling skills. But if you need a helping hand, start with a plain white tee, and layer this checked French Connection maxi dress over the top. Another way to nail the trend is to layer with colour: marry white, sunshine yellow, lavenders and blues together for a dreamy summer look.Credit: Armoise Crepe Maxi Wrap Dress, £125.00, and Elena Stiletto Sandals, £100.00, all from French ConnectionOften trends will come and go, but floral is one that will always stay. For holiday dressing, city summer days and beyond, a floral-printed maxi dress will have you covered. Plus, opting for a dress that has a white base - like this number from French Connection - will work to accentuate your summer glow.French Connection Summer Looks - Grazia2of4To give your summer wardrobe a revamp, head to FrenchConnection.com to browse the High Summer full collection.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re already daydreaming about long, heady summer days spent sipping Campari Spritz on an Italian beach as you channel retro, Riviera glamour, you now have the clothes with which to make this dream a reality. The weather may have taken its time to catch-up with our yearning for sunnier climes but now that we're facing a supposedly sunny bank holiday, Warehouse’s new designer collaboration is just in time.The brand has teamed up with cult favourite Shrimps, led by designer Hannah Weiland. She made her name with bright, playful takes on faux fur, launching a succession of coats that became as famous as the people wearing them. Since 2013, when the brand launched, Shrimps has expanded to include all manner of clothes and accessories, all infused with Weiland’s own brand of romantic whimsy. Now, she has brought that to the British high street, in a 40-piece collection packed with the kind of nostalgic whimsy only a summer wardrobe can get away with.There are co-ords in broderie anglaise, daisy print separates, silky jumpsuits and colourful crochet. Seersucker swimsuits look as though they’ve stepped right out of the 1950s, while the accessories are sure to be a universal hit. There are straw totes embellished with daisies, espadrilles, wickerwaist belts, bucket hats and elegant straw hats bedecked with ribbon. It is, in short, everything a summer wardrobe should be – and at high street prices too, seeing as the entire collection starts at a very modest £15.The collection launches today and it's really no exaggeration to say that it's likely to sell out at lightning speed. Off you go, then...Warehouse x Shrimps: Preview The Collection 2of32© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The 2019 Fashion Awards are in full swing tonight, December 2, and as you...Celebrity | 14 hours agoThe who’s who of fashion descended on the Royal Albert Hall on Monday evening...Fashion | 9 hours agoWhen the behemoth of luxury LVMH announced that it would be collaborating with...Fashion | 10 hours agoNever before has fashion's place in the world felt so unsure. The...Fashion | 8 hours agoPromoted by Palones | A DAY AGOCelebrity | 10 hours agoFashion | 10 hours agoFashion | 11 hours agoFashion | 12 hours agoLife | 14 hours agoBeauty & Hair | 15 hours agoCelebrity | 15 hours agoCelebrity | 15 hours agoFashion | 18 hours agoFashion | 19 hours agoFashion | 20 hours agoFashion | 2 days agoFashion | 2 days agoCelebrity | 16 hours agoCelebrity | 16 hours agoCelebrity | 17 hours agoCelebrity | 18 hours agoCelebrity | 19 hours agoCelebrity | a day agoCelebrity | 3 days agoCelebrity | 3 days agoBeauty & Hair | 2 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 6 days agoBeauty & Hair | 7 days agoBeauty & Hair | 7 days agoBeauty & Hair | 8 days agoLife | 16 hours agoLife | 20 hours agoLife | 21 hours agoLife | a day agoLife | a day agoLife | 2 days agoLife | 3 days agoLife | 3 days ago© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The 1990s gave us a lot of things: Friends, Kate Moss, The Spice Girls... But none of those things are currently experiencing a fashion renaissance in the same way that square-toed sandals are.That's right, the minimal, squared-off shoes that frequented many a red carpet back in the 90s are back, in a major way. This all really kicked off thanks to the complete hysteria that surrounded Topshop's Strippy heels. Minimal, strappy, square and with a low-heel, they landed in both red and black for £46 – only to sell out almost immediately. Countless articles were written, Instagram posts appeared and Topshop had to restock. According to a spokesperson for the brand, black has been the most popular colour and three new styles will be landing in May – in lime, snake and off-white.Even before Topshop, however, brands were raiding the 90s archives and creating their own versions of square toes. By Far and Jacquemus led the way, followed swiftly by Rejina Pyo and LA-based brand Loq. Since then, several high street brands have been quietly filling their shelves with these sandals, and now we can think of little else.Picture this: a hot, sunny bank holiday. You're wearing cropped jeans and a button-down blouse, a glass of icy lemonade in your hand. On your feet: a pair of square-toed sandals. It's like a really good day in 1998, but with Instagram.The Best Square Toe Sandals For Spring/Summer 20191of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Paying for an It bag used to mean plundering your deposit savings account or hawking the rest of your wardrobe on eBay. Not anymore. The crop of handbag brands currently gaining cult status on Instagram have prices that sit in that sweet spot roughly between £250 and £500. They’re certainly not cheap, but they also shouldn’t require a hasty remortgage.The It bag that won’t break the bank was the first frontier in what fashion insiders are calling the ‘mid-market’. is means labels that tick the affordable luxury box – the emphasis being on ‘affordable’. And now it’s a market that’s booming. So what labels should you look to?The Duchess of Cambridge is a repeat carrier of Manu Atelier’s suede Micro Bold (£430), while her sister-in-law Meghan favours DeMellier’s Mini Venice (£295). Meanwhile, Chylak, the Polish label that counts Edie Campbell, Alexa Chung and Felicity Jones in its fan club, can’t keep its bags in stock. Its founder Zofia Chylak says she pinpointed the mid-market when she launched in 2014: ‘There were very expensive high-fashion brands, then nothing and then high-street brands.’ Her target audience? ‘Women who are looking for something different, something in-between, something more unique, something timeless that can update their wardrobe.’It’s a winning formula. Net-A-Porter’s global buying director Elizabeth von der Goltz cites key mid-market brands as Cult Gaia, Staud, Danse Lente and Yuze – all of which are among the top five best performing brands for contemporary bags, with prices from £95 to £495. In fact, this category – benchmarked by a cost that generally sits between £50 and £500 and doesn’t exceed £1,000 – has seen 70% growth since last season. ‘We don’t see this appetite waning,’ says Elizabeth. ‘Chylak is one of our most successful brands of the season.’Sadly though, a handbag doesn’t have to be christened ‘Birkin’ or ‘Kelly’ to command the patience of a saint from its would-be customer. When the Duchess of Sussex slung Strathberry’s £425 East/West Mini bag around her Burberry coat for an Edinburgh visit soon after her engagement announcement, it sold out within minutes. Such is the success of Chylak, too, that its latest collection of cocoa-coloured mock-croc saddles and faux-python belt bags is wait list-only. (Though quick movers should note that Net-A-Porter has 10 delicious styles, with prices starting at £185.)Perhaps the reason is that, while none of these bags require an emergency overdraft extension, you’re not compromising on quality. Take the Costa Rican label Montunas, which has buckets for £325, sweet resin box bags for £295, as an example. The brainchild of sisters Elena and Amanda Hawila and their mother Elke Ruge, the trio set out to change the perception that luxury bags have to cost the price of a honeymoon in, well, Costa Rica. Elena calls the skyrocketing prices of some designer bags over the last decade ‘jaw-dropping’: ‘A lot of women who traditionally bought luxury handbags out of appreciation for craftsmanship and design are being priced out.’ Montunas’ leather is sourced in Europe, and all their leather bags are manufactured in Spain and Italy. ‘You don’t need to spend a small fortune to purchase a great quality bag,’ Amanda insists.It’s also nice to see how some mid-market bag brands are mindful about using their profits for good and trying to support the communities they work in. DeMellier, the London-based brand whose bags are made in Ubrique in southern Spain, has funded 50,000 vaccinations and medical treatments for orphans in need through its A Bag A Life initiative in collaboration with international charity SOS Children’s Villages. Meanwhile, Zofia Chylak manufactures in her home city of Warsaw to contribute to the Polish economy. ‘Poland had a tough history and has never really existed on the fashion map. It’s time to change that,’ she says. ‘Made in Poland’ is embossed on the front of all bags to hammer the message home.Another key element of the mid-market bag’s success is that you don’t have to settle for something the size of a postage stamp for your budget. Staud’s Shirley shopper (£175) could easily accommodate an iPad, a hardback and an un-Kondoed make-up bag. Danse Lente’s dreamy selection does require a slightly less kitchen sink approach to contents, but the gingery Josh (£390) and super-sunny Adele (£415) are worth the prune. Of course, there’s one obvious danger. With so much gorgeousness out there, you might end up buying four instead of one...Best Handbags Under £500 - Grazia2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Today, Playful Promises launches its third collection of underwear in collaboration with US blogger, Gabi Fresh. If you haven’t heard of her, she’s a co-founder of the brilliant brand Premme, which has, in many ways, revolutionised the plus-size clothing market. She has also been a face of Simply Be, alongside Iskra Lawrence, and now creates a swimwear collection for Swimsuits For All, as well as the lingerie she helps to create for Playful Promises. Alongside managing a social media following of 693,000 (and that’s just on Instagram), that’s a fairly intense schedule for anyone to deal with. But there’s a reason she’s so in-demand: outspoken and unapologetic, Gabi Fresh (or Gabrielle Gregg, to her friends) is ensuring that she is heard on all manner of issues – particularly when it comes to body image and the representation of women’s bodies in the media.It barely needs to be said that for so long, underwear was designed and marketed through the male gaze. Despite being something everyone wears on a daily basis, underwear for women was projected as something inextricably linked with sexuality (and heterosexuality, at that) – it was performative, seen as something you put on for the benefit of someone else. Where men were sold innovative new forms of functionality in their underwear, women had to content themselves with uncomfortable bras, skimpy knickers and pieces that had been made with anything other than practicality in mind. Thin, mostly white women sold underwear: there was no diversity in terms of the bodies we were all confronted with on billboards and in magazines. Thank goodness, then, that a gradual shift towards something entirely more interesting has been happening for the last couple of years. The likes of Savage X Fenty, Beija London and Heist have all decided to grab the lingerie market by the scruff of its neck and shake it until it resembles something much more representative of the society in which we live. Playful Promises is also one such brand, working to ensure all women can buy lovely underwear, whatever their size or shape.The mainline is available in sizes 8-30 and bra sizes 30 DD-H, 32-44 A/B-H, while Gabi Fresh’s designs go from UK size 16-28. “Last year’s collection sold out in certain sizes within a day, this will go FAST,” wrote the brand on an Instagram post earlier today. Indeed, Emma Parker, founder of Playful Promises says: “Retailers such as Simply Be and Zalando found success with the line, and many retailers increased their pre-orders by 100 per cent. This season the collaboration will be launching on ASOS and Next.”While the pieces themselves are undeniably lovely (there’s a mix of black lace bodysuits, sunny yellow bras with matching, high waisted knickers and longer-line bras) it would seem reasonable to suggest that the images being used to sell the collection have a lot to do with its success. Gabi herself, of course, appears in the campaign shots, which feel like they’ve been generated by women, for women, as opposed to being designed according to the male gaze. The models used on the brand’s website, too, represent a range of different sizes, which feels refreshing and just long overdue. This shouldn’t be a novelty, and yet it still is.Gabi Fresh x Playful Promises Underwear Collection2of13© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I haven't felt excited about what anyone's wearing at a festival since Sienna Miller wore a mini dress with UGG boots to Glastonbury. The added boho belt slung across her hips made it peak 2004, and I haven't really cared since. This is largely due to the fact that every festival in the world became a questionable ocean of denim hot pants, floral hair pieces and anything tasseled. Coachella has been, without doubt, the worst offender, which is why I was both surprised and delighted when I saw Gigi Hadid at the festival over the weekend. back! 🌞🌵🌅 day oneA post shared by  Gigi Hadid (@gigihadid) on Apr 13, 2019 at 3:53pm PDTIn fact, Gigi wasn't the only one to ditch the regular Coachella uniform. Her pals, Kendall Jenner, Kylie Jenner and Emily Ratajkowski all opted for much cooler pieces from the same brand: Ganni. Beloved by the fashion crowd thanks to its excellent design prowess coupled with mid-market prices, it was interesting to see that some of Instagram's most high-profile 'influencers' all flocked to the Danish label for their festival staples. Feeling the look yesterdayA post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Apr 14, 2019 at 7:08am PDTGigi wore a £400 tie-dye waistcoat, which is almost sold out completely. She coupled it with a white crop top and high-waisted combat trousers, which made a refreshing change from aforementioned hot pants. 💕🥰🦋💫⭐️✨🤪A post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 13, 2019 at 4:37pm PDTMeanwhile, Kylie Jenner chose a£430 denim shirtwith matching£330 jeans, Em Rata chose a£230 leopard print blouseand Kendall was seen striding around in the brand's veryInsta-friendly cowboy boots.Read more: check out Gigi Hadid's evolving look... Gigi Hadid Look Book2of22© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Now we've had some time to come to terms with Fleabag being officially over, the only thing to do in order to fill the giant void in your life is to go back and watch all the episodes again. Or, if you're short on time, you could just start dressing like the titular character, played by Phoebe Waller-Bridge. And, what a better time to do it than All Hallows Eve? Arguably, our nameless heroine is more dark, mysterious and scary than most halloween icons, but with a touch of feminine spice. Top tip: messy mascara streaks are essential for the costume.Apparently, when Fleabag last aired that's what a lot of people were already doing; trying to dress like her. Online fashion search engine Lyst announced that, since the final episode of Fleabag, in which she wears a red Reformation dress, it has seen a 38 per cent increase in searches for red dresses. Likewise, the black Topshop jumpsuit Waller-Bridge wore in the very first episode of season two. John Lewis have now released their retail report, where they mentioned the sales of black jumpsuits jumped by two thirds, coining it 'The Fleabag Effect'. With all the commotion the red dress is no longer available, but we've found a great alternative for you.BUY NOW: Faithfull Ari floral midi dress, £109.50BUY: LOVE Black Wide Leg Jumpsuit, £38Good news - you can still buy the jumpsuit. Designed by Love, which you may recognise as being one of the brands available at Topshop, it sold out within hours. Now, it's back in stock and is only £38. With a plunging neckline and cut-out back detail, the jumpsuit had to be re-ordered in bulk due to popular demand. Teri Sallas, who founded Love with her husband in 2003, told The Guardian: 'At first we were thinking, ‘hang on, what’s going on?’ and then we managed to locate [why it was selling so fast]. It’s fantastic for us. Luckily we just had a delivery of that cloth and because everything is made in north London it is quicker to get things done.'Don't forget, if it's not working out dressing as Fleabag, you could always try Villanelle's to die-for looks...And while you're here, check out Fleabag and the Hot Priest's best moments from season 2:Where it all began... Fleabag and her sister agreeing that The Hot Priest is in fact hot after the first time they meet him. 'So you're a cool priest now then?'THP then inviting over Fleabag for a cup of tea, only then to crack out the M&S canned G&T. (The store has since said sales have gone up by 24%) The first sign they were meant to be... 'I haven't been asked a question in 45 minutes' cue The Hot Priest asking, 'So, what do you do?' before she can even finish her sentence. Absolute power move, flirting with The Hot Priest after going to church literally just to see him. The painting falling down when she says she doesn't believe in God. Cue THP shouting, 'I love it when he does that!'THP: 'You were in my prayers last night.'Fleabag: 'Likewise.' The look of realisation when she utters: 'Oh God, I fancy a priest' THE INVESTIGATION AS TO WHETHER PRIESTS CAN HAVE SEX BEGINS.Fiona Shaw making a guest apperance from Killing Eve as Fleabag's therapist.'Do you really want to fuck the priest, or do you want to fuck God?' 'Can you fuck God?''Oh yes.'(She correctly predicts what is going to happen too, all powers to Fiona Shaw.) Fleabag: 'Don't say it, don't say it. She actually orgasmed when she finished it. I just said it, appaently.'The Hot Priest: 'Whatever gets you there.' 'Arm touch, oooh.''I can't believe I'm asking this, but can I get that coconut back? They're actually on hire. I'm not sure if all of them are real, which is morally a bit dubious actually.' (The disappointment on her face that he hasn't asked for something else is v sad.) The Hot Priest being scared of foxes. WHEN HE BREAKS THE FIFTH WALL AND NOTICES FLEABAG TALKING TO THE AUDIENCE. ALL THE PROOF THAT THEY ARE MEANT TO BE. Also excruciatingly awkward. Fleabag helping The Hot Priest choose his robes. Couple goals. 'HIS NECK!'The Hot Priest laughing to himself after Fleabag gets up to say 'I sometimes worry I wouldn't be much of a feminist if I had bigger tits.' 'And then, for some reason, I was thinking about your tits which kind of ruined it.' 'I think you played with my guinea pig quite enough.' 'I can't read a Winnie The Pooh quote without crying. Fuck.'Piglet.'Sometimes, I worry I'm only in it for the outfits.' That confession scene. When the sexual tension is finally broken, only for Fleabag to freak out whether he is wearing a skirt AND trousers. Olivia Colman eloquently shrieking that The Hot Priest a cunt (as soon as he leaves, obviously) when he says he can't officiate their weddding. 'Please don't come to the church, I mean that with the greatest of compliments.' 'Nine times?''I can't have sex with you because I'll fall in love with, and while I won't burst into flames, my life will be fucked.''We're going to have sex, aren't we? Mm, yeah' The inevitable happens, obviously. Oh God.'I just... can't believe you did that.'casually undercover snogging at the wedding'You have lipstick all over your face!' 'Oh, fucking hell.'THP: 'I don't know what this feeling is'Fleabag: 'Is it God, or is it me?'UGH.Awkwardly pretending they don't know each other - let alone have had sex, you guys! - at the wedding. V awks for all involved! Literally annoucing to everyone, 'Whew. Fuck me, sorry, I didn't get much sleep last night.' 'It's God, isn't it?'MY. HEART. CAN'T. GO. ON. </3 'The worst thing is that I fucking love you. I love you. No, let's just leave that out there for a second on its own.''It'll pass.'Not a best moment (probably the worst moment of my life) but there we go, it has to be included on the list. 'See you Sunday? I'm joking, you are never, ever allowed in my church again.' 'I love you too.'Help, the tears. They won't stop falling from my eyes. 'He went that way.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With bank holidays approaching and the promise of warmer weather on the horizon, it’s likely that – while reading this – you’re taking a break from staring dreamily out of the window, wondering what on earth you’re going to wear to the countless celebrations you’ve put in the diary over the summer months. Thank goodness you have taken a break, though, for i’m about to impart news of a brand new, high street collection that is going to make dressing up a doddle.Weddings, in particular, can be a tricky occasion to navigate. You may not want to spend a fortune on a new outfit, especially since all 17 of your close friends are getting married in the same month (or something that feels that way, anyway). But then, if you do buy something from the high street, you risk turning up in the same dress as the bride’s cousin’s mother and her sister. Confused? No wonder. What excellent luck, then, that & Other Stories has just launched a capsule collection designed specifically to solve all your dressing-up dilemmas.While it lends itself to wedding guests, the new collection is actually just aimed at those looking for something lovely to wear during the warmer months. As the brand themselves said, ‘The warmer seasons light a spark to the festive spirit and gives you the urge to dress up more. With this collection, & Other Stories wants to give women beautiful options to do just that, wearing the kind of pieces that will make you feel like the best-dressed guest, whether you are going to a party or not.’ Beautiful the options are, too, with pretty, puff-sleeved jumpsuits in silk, embroidered midi dresses in sorbet shades and satin short suits in powdery pink.In terms of accessories, there are on-trend, square toe sandals, seashell jewellery and sunglasses to boot. And, if you happen to be near London and can visit either the Regent Street or the Spitalfields stores, & Other Stories is offering the opportunity to customise jewellery using dried flowers – either one-of-a-kind pieces that have already been decorated or bespoke pieces that can be requested there and then.With the most expensive item in the collection priced at £159, it’s an affordable way to collect ocassionwear pieces that will stay in your wardrobe for years to come. And you never need worry about what to wear to those 17 weddings again.& Other Stories Wedding Capsule Collection2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We know beauty isn’t meant to be about rules and we should feel empowered to dip in and out whenever we please. But the thing is, ditching the rule book and falling into regular bad beauty habits can undo all the benefits of the rituals we actually enjoy doing. Put it this way, there’s little point applying multiple serums in the morning if you then sleep in a full face of make-up that night, right?But old habits die hard and breaking them can feel like a chore in itself. That’s why we’ve enlisted a panel of experts to not only explain what’s at stake for each of your bad habits, but also to give realistic advice about how you can kick these once and for all...Once the first chip appears, it takes unwavering determination to resist peeling away an entire gel manicure, but there’s a reason salons offer a removal service. ‘You wouldn’t rip hair extensions out of your head and expect your hair to be OK after,’ explains session manicurist and founder of AMA salon, Ama Quashie. ‘Peeling or ripping your gels off takes layers of your nail bed with it.’ Do this regularly and you’ll be left with paper-thin nails.Break the habit: At the first sign of peeling, ‘Buff down the chip with a block buffer to stop it catching, before covering the entire nail and free-edge with a clear top coat to reseal it until you’re able to get to the salon.’ Seche Vite Top Coat (£9) is one of the most durable we’ve tried and dries in a matter of minutes.After a long day, it’s difficult to resist the call of the duvet, but according to dermatologist Dr Ewoma Ukeleghe, sleeping in make-up is a sure-fire way to harm skin, even if it’s only a one-off. ‘Make-up can be comedogenic [spot-causing ], which is further exacerbated by the sweat, sebum and dirt that builds up on the skin throughout the day,’ she says. ‘That dirt transfers on to your pillow, which you toss and turn around on all night, irritating the skin and causing breakouts.’Break the habit: A splash of Garnier Micellar Oil-Infused Cleansing Water (£6.99) melts waterproof make-up. ‘Ideally, take off your make-up the moment you get home.’Become a little lax on refreshing your razor? ‘When a razor is blunt, you’re more likely to cause irritation of the skin or hair follicles,’ explains cosmetic physician Dr Sabika Karim. That’s not the only issue: ‘Every time a razor blade touches the skin, it scoops up a few hundred thousand bacteria, and left in a damp bathroom, these multiply and grow.’ As blunt blades are more likely to cut or scratch the skin, bacteria can find its way into the body and, potentially, the blood stream, which can lead to infection.Break the habit: Firstly, Dr Karim recommends storing your razor outside of the bathroom between uses, and that you should change its blades every week. If that seems like a lot, look to Friction Free Shaving (£9 per month). This genius subscription service sends new blades straight to your door every month.Washing make-up brushes tends to fall off the bottom of our to-do lists, but make-up artist Harriet Hadfield makes a case for re-prioritising this job ASAP. ‘As brushes absorb more and more product, it increases the chance of uneven, streaky make-up, not to mention the risk of breeding bacteria, which increases the likelihood of blocked pores and breakouts.’ Grim.Break the habit: Hadfield finds Beautyblender Liquid Blendercleanser (£16) the quickest at rinsing away even stubborn oil-based formulas, but cites shampoo or antibacterial washing-up liquid as alternatives. As for drying brushes, use the cold setting on your hairdryer.As any Dr Pimple Popper fan can attest, there’s something so satisfying about squeezing spots, but according to Dr Ukeleghe, this is one fetish to shake off immediately. ‘Most people don’t do extractions properly, which causes injury to the skin and can lead to post-in ammatory hyperpigmentation and scarring.’Break the habit: Don’t reach for a spot-removing tool. ‘They require a significant amount of pressure which can cause further trauma to the skin,’ Dr Ukeleghe reckons, so see a professional to purge your blackheads. Otherwise, a dab of Mario Badescu’s cult classic Drying Lotion (£16) left on a spot overnight will suck the life out of it, so you don’t have to.Is your hair currently 75% dry shampoo? We feel you. ‘I wish the term hair washing was changed to scalp cleansing,’ says trichologist Anabel Kingsley. ‘Like the skin on the face, the scalp contains thousands of sweat and oil glands, sheds dead skin cells and is exposed to environmental pollution.’ Since healthy hair starts with a healthy (read: clean) scalp, skipping shampoo could prohibit the growth of strong strands.Break the habit: The only way around this one is to wash hair regularly: at least every other day for fine or medium textured hair and every three days if it’s coarse, curly or afro-textured. Dry shampoo totally unavoidable? Philip Kingsley One More Day Dry Shampoo (£17) contains zinc and allantoin to soothe, rather than clog, the scalp.'At least 80% of my clients ask me how to help regrowth after years of over-plucking,’ reveals Chanice Sienna, founder of BAM Brows. ‘Thankfully, there is always hope, you just need to put down the tweezers and allow hairs to redevelop.’ Sienna’s clients have seen incredible regrowth results from daily application of organic and cold pressed castor oil. Try Briogeo B. Well Castor Oil (£24).Break the habit: In the meantime, a powder brow shadow (we love Benefit Foolproof Brow Powder, £22) on an angled brush will draw on the most realistic hairs, according to Sienna. en, double coat hairs in Glossier’s clear Boy Brow (£14) by backcombing them towards the middle of the face first, before brushing back into place.‘Alongside vitamin C and retinol, SPF is part of the holy trifecta of anti-ageing, as it limits UV radiation damage, which can cause collagen breakdown, poor skin texture, pigmentation changes and skin cancer,’ explains Dr Ukeleghe. We know it’s a non-negotiable, so why is it that suncream feels too much of a chore?'Break the habit: Our guess is that the chalky formulas of yesteryear have given SPF a bad rep. Instead, try REN Clean Screen Mineral SPF 30 (£30) – it feels like a silky moisturiser, sits well under make-up and wards o shine. Equally, Dermalogica’s new Prism Protect SPF 30, (£58) hydrates like a moisturiser, with reflective particles to boot.It’s not just an old wives’ tale; hair is more prone to snapping when wet. ‘Each hair is protected by a thin layer of overlapping cells called the cuticle, which keep hair strong and resilient,’ explains Kingsley. When hair is wet, the cuticle is weaker, so forceful brushing can damage the cuticle, which (unlike other cells) lacks the ability to regenerate, causing breakage.Break the habit: Wet brushing isn’t completely out of the question – just avoid aggressive boar bristle brushes, advises Kingsley. Instead, the flexible prongs of Wet Brush Original Detangler (£12), carefully ease out knots without pulling, tugging or injuring the hair shaft.Some of the products you need to break your bad beauty habits:Seche Vite Top Coat, £9,Break Up With Bad Beauty Habits - Grazia 2of10Seche Vite Top Coat, £9,Mario Badescu's cult classic Drying Lotion, £16Philip Kingsley One More Day Dry Shampoo, £17Benefit Foolproof Brow Powder, £22Wet Brush Original Detangler, £12REN Clean Screen Mineral SPF 30, £30Dermalogica's new Prism Protect SPF 30© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Have you ever experienced that sinking feeling when you spot an incredible dress that you instantly fall in love with, only to then notice a price tag that's the equivalent of three months' rent? Well, then you might imagine how deliciously sweet it would be the other way round: spotting a frock you immediately assume is designer, only to realise that it is, in fact, the product of the Great British high street.This is exactly what happened while perusing Monsoon's latest wares recently. While my mind has been swirling with the possibility of irresistible dresses from the likes of Ganni, Rixo, Batsheva and Vampire's Wife, when it came to the high street options, Monsoon wasn't the most obvious choice. But while it may have been overlooked, it's actually full of some really lovely dresses – most of which look far more expensive than they are.It all started with a blue, button-detail dress that I wore, only for everyone I encountered to ask which designer had made it. The incredulity and sheer disbelief upon learning it was, in fact, from Monsoon made me feel vindicated; I knew that I was on to a winner.BUY: Cape Sleeve Maxi Dress, £170Since then, I've made a point of checking the Monsoon website regularly, largely just to see which dresses I want to add to my basket. And it's a lot, I have to tell you. From sunshine yellow midis to incredible, printed sun dresses, you can find everything from your ideal wedding guest outfit to a new workwear staple. Just be prepared for your colleagues to assume you've had a pay rise.The brand has also started a new initiative to encourage a more conscious approach to shopping. If you happen to have any old Monsoon clothes you now don't wear, you can exchange them in any store for a £10 voucher to use when you spend £50 or more. You simply hand your old clothes over at the till and Monsoon will then donate them to charity to be sold or recycled, with all profits going towards Newlife, a charity dedicated to changing the lives of disabled and terminally ill children across the UK.If you're not already at the checkout, virtual or otherwise, it may be worth noting that there is currently 20 per cent off everything on Monsoon's website at the moment. But be quick – this offer ends at midnight tonight.The Best Monsoon Dresses To Buy Now 1of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It is possible that you’ve read the words ‘midi slip skirt’ almost as many times as you’ve read your own name in the last few months. Ok, so that may be a slight exaggeration but I’m under no impression that the tidings I bring to you here qualify, in any way, as new information. But the thing is, when a major fashion trend is as practical, affordable and – crucially, for it’s not always the case – wearable, it really is worth banging the drum for as long as possible. So, here I am, banging the drum of the midi slip skirt, which is not dead. In fact, it’s very much alive. Film 📷A post shared by  Jeanette (@_jeanettemadsen_) on Apr 10, 2019 at 8:02am PDTRemember that Réalisation Par skirt? The leopard print one that kept selling out before you had a chance to add it to your virtual basket? Well, it’s back, and it is currently in stock in ALL SIZES. If you’re still here (and not already entering your card details), you might be interested to know it’s also all over the ‘Gram again. Perhaps it’s something to do with the fact that, in the UK alone, over 1000 searches are being made for ‘slip skirt’ every month. Of course, the Réalisation number sparked a slip skirt renaissance on a massive scale, with all of the high street jumping firmly onto the bandwagon, releasing their own versions of the 90s midi. Turns out there’s a reason its called a Golden VisaA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Apr 11, 2019 at 7:45am PDTTopshop, for one, saw huge success with its array of satin skirts, available in all manner of colours and prints. The first drop sold out within just three hours online, and there are now over 20 different styles on offer. ASOS, too, has sold over 25,000 bias-cut midi skirts, with new styles including lace panels, classic navy and even on-trend cow prints. CIAO! 👋🏾 Absolutely racing through this week, I’m so ready for this weekend to just relaaaaax. Definitely in need of a lie in this weekend, I’m ready to just switch off and recharge, while trying not to get overwhelmed by the laundry list of home and blog stuff I need to get done! What do you do when you need a bit of a reset? [📸: @alexgracejonesphotos]A post shared by  Nicole Ocran • Size 16 Fashion (@nicoleocran) on Mar 21, 2019 at 1:25am PDTElsewhere, there are excellent midis to be found at & Other Stories, M&S, Boden and New Look. If you’re looking for more of an investment buy, look to brands like Raey, Nanushka and Bec + Bridge, all of whom can be spotted on Instagram’s most stylish.Personally, I have four slip skirts and, while that may sound excessive, I can assure you they’ve revolutionised my daily wardrobe. Whether worn with jumpers, tights and boots or a fancy top, kitten heels and jazzy accessories, they just work for everything. Most of all, they’re comfortable. Since simply deciding what to wear can often feel like a bit of a slog every day, it doesn’t look like I’ll stop banging the aforementioned drum any time soon. Join me: you really will thank me.SHOP: The Best Satin Bias-Cut Midi Skirts2of10© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The infamous Coachella festival is taking place in California this weekend, and we're expecting to be dazzled with a whole host of creative festival outfits from celebrities, influencers and fash packs alike. But, we can't help but wonder: what did fashion at Coachella look like in the 2000s? Of course, our curiosity got the better of us, so we did some digging and discovered a selection of incredible celebrity looks that you need to revisit...Take a look through the best retro celebrity outfits from Coachella:Credit: GettyParis Hilton is the gift that keeps on giving, especially when it comes to Coachella fashion looks. We're very here for her 2009 skimpy bikini, oversized sunglasses and metallic headband. Simply iconic.Credit: GettyEx-Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio sported a boho-gypsy look to Coachella in 2009 - note the bangle selection and belt. It's hard to believe that this was nine years ago, right?Credit: GettyWe know, we can't quite believe it either. In 2007, Lindsay Lohan wore a plain white shirt and black trousers to Coachella, which can't be further from the bejewlled ensembles that the fash packs are spotted wearing today.Credit: GettyActress Drew Barrymore has a timeless, understated style. For proof, just look to this effortlessly chic outfit she wore back in 2007 at Coachella. A simple printed tee, hat and sunnies? An all-round winner, if you ask us.Credit: GettyThank you, Cameron Diaz, for reminding how much we used to love boob-tubes. And while we're reminiscing, can we just take a moment to appreciate that cream over-sized side bag? Living for it.Credit: GettyWhen performing at Coachella in 2007, Amy Winehouse opted to wear denim hot-pants, a plain white vest and stiletto heels. Her hair was styled into her statement beehive and she donned her classic thick eyeliner, too.Credit: GettyBusy Philips, is that you? The actress opted to wear jeans and a baggy white top that was cinched in at the waist with a boho woven belt. Oh how times have changed.Credit: GettyOrange Is The New Black star Taryn Manning donned this eclectic look at Coachella back in 2006. Cowboy boots, a striped headband and a vest printed vest? We never thought we'd see them in the same look, but somehow, Taryn managed to pull off this combination.Credit: GettySocialite Nicole Richie relied on her trusty Converse trainers to see her through Coachella back in 2006, and this footwear brand is still reigning supreme at the festival this decade, too. Credit: GettyFlip-flops? At Coachella? Brave move, Nicky Hilton. This is an understated festival look if ever we saw one. Thirteen years on, our festival attire is much more flamboyant and loud.Credit: GettyCarmen Electra opted for a feminine, floaty floral dress for the 2009 Coachella festival, and we have to admit, we're big fans. The bold print and clashing colours are actually having a moment right now - so does this mean Carmen predicted a 2019 trend? Probably.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kurt Geiger's brand new collection launches today, and it's full of the sorts of accessories that will instantly cheer up your wardrobe. Embellished mules, bejewelled bags and flashes of vivid, bright colours are all part of the latest offering, which is modeled with aplomb by Brit actor (and a nascent style icon, in our opinion) Gemma Chan.Entitled 'Characterful Style', the campaign features the Crazy Rich Asians star in KG's zesty yellow mid-heels, along with three of the brand's Kensington bags – Kurt Geiger's fastest selling bag that is now available in over 80 different styles. Given that Dame Joan Collins is one of KG's other famous faces, it seems like Chan is in pretty good company.Speaking about her own shoe preferences, Chan said 'I prefer heels for the red carpet but otherwise mostly flats. I like to be comfortable! In one sentence, my style would be laid back day to day, but dramatic and experimental when the occasion calls for it.' Chan made headlines everywhere at this year's Golden Globes, thanks to her incredible Valentino gown – something she now cites as her favourite fashion memory.Credit: Getty ImagesHollywood legend Nicole Kidman looked stunning in a dark red maxi gown on the red carpet.Credit: Getty ImagesHalle Berry also plumped for a similar crimson colour, looking beautiful.Credit: Getty ImagesActress Anne Hathaway looked amazing in a silver gown, with husband Adam Shulman at her side.Credit: Getty ImagesComedy actor Sacha Baron Cohen stood hand-in-hand with his beautiful wife, Isla Fisher, who donned a layered black floor-length dress for the occasion.Credit: Getty ImagesA Star Is Born actor Bradley Cooper stood out from the crowd in a white tuxedo, posing with his partner, model Irina Shayk.Credit: Getty ImagesThe Crown's Claire Foy looked lovely in springtime yellow.Credit: Getty ImagesStar of Bohemian Rhapsody Rami Malek looked incredibly dapper in his tuxedo on the red carpet.Credit: Getty ImagesDenzel Washington's son, John David, looked very handsome in his white tuxedo and black shirt.Credit: Getty ImagesNever one to shy away from a red carpet opportunity, Lady Gaga chose a beautiful cornflower blue dress - and the train was so long, it apparently required TWO people to carry it! The singer-turned-actress had channelled her inner Judy Garland, who wore a similar dress in the original A Star Is Born.Credit: Getty ImagesCall Me By Your Name actor Timothée Chalamet looked amazing on the red carpet.Credit: Getty ImagesWoman of the moment Lupita Nyong'O wore a beautiful blue sequined dress to the event.Credit: Getty ImagesEmma Stone's stunning nude pink dress caught everyone's eye on the red carpet.Credit: Getty ImagesThe supporting cast of Black Panther reunited for a photo opportunity on the red carpet.Credit: Getty ImagesJulia Roberts went in a different direction for her Golden Globes outfit, instead choosing to wear trousers.Credit: Getty ImagesPower couple Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas looked as loved-up as ever.As she's now used to being photographed constantly, she also shared some tips to feeling confident: 'Confidence can take time to develop, but I think true confidence comes from knowing who you are, what your values are and being comfortable in your own skin. Also accepting that everyone is on their own journey and that you aren't necessarily going to agree about everything all the time.'Thankfully, the new KG range comes just in time for sunnier weather (fingers crossed), when we can finally replace our ankle boots and trainers with pretty flats, mules and sandals. Kurt Geiger sells over four million pairs of shoes every year, and with a new collection this strong, it looks like 2019 will be no different.SHOP Kurt Geiger's new collection:Kurt Geiger SS19: What To Buy 1of17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It would be an understatement to suggest that fast fashion is hardly synonymous with sustainability. But there are an increasing number of brands trying to lead the charge and ameliorate fashion’s impact on the environment. One truly making positive changes is H&M, one of the first major high street destinations to put even the idea of sustainability front and centre with its Conscious collections. Previous Conscious collections have proved to be a sell-out success, as is often the way with H&M’s exclusive ranges. And for spring 2019, it would be no surprise if the same happened again – there are dresses, statement separates and accessories that feel premium, all in a pretty colour palette of lavender, blue, coral, gold and icy white. There are sequin dresses, stand-out suits, ruffled maxis and jacquard jackets – all in a clever mix of prints and fabrics. Organic silks and recycled polyester sit alongside more innovative materials, with a pair of cowboy boots made from pineapple leaves. There’s also Orange Fiber, which is made from citrus juice by-products and creates a silk-like fabric. Bet you never thought you’d be wearing orange peel. But this collection proves the point that sustainability can be stylish – not only that, but to shop with an awareness of where our clothes came from, what they’re made of and who made them is imperative to carving a brighter future for us all. If that future starts with affordable clothes you’ll want to wear forever, count us in.H&M Conscious Exclusive: Shop The Collection 2of42© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every now and then, designers choose to collaborate with high street brands and afford us all access to luxury fashion that is usually reserved for those willing (and able) to pay exorbitantly high prices. It's not often, however, that those collections are as inclusive as the latest collab between US brand Universal Standard and Rodarte.The former is already renowned for its inclusive approach to clothes. Established in 2015 by friends Polina Veksler and Alexandra Waldman, the entire concept on which Universal Standard is built is that women of a size 6 should be able to shop in exactly the same way as women of a size 26. 'We thought about how a number on a label had so much influence on our lives and triggered internal bullies that told us we’re not worth it,' the duo say on their website. 'So, we took size out of the equation... and let you shop without anxiety, fear, or regret.'For the collaboration with Rodarte, this translates to bright, ruffled jumpsuits, midi dresses you'll want to wear every day and jazzy blouses to make jeans seem more exciting than ever. It has all the romance and flair of Rodarte but at the far more accessible price point of Universal Standard. Dresses come in at $200 (around £153) while the blouses are $150 (approx £115).'We are excited to partner with Universal Standard to create this amazing collection,' said Laura and Kate Mulleavy, the sisters behind Rodarte. 'We are passionate about working with women that inspire us creatively and we love every style in this collection.' The images that have been released to promote the collection are also brilliant – they practice exactly what Universal Standard preaches, featuring beautiful models of different sizes. It's a prime example of what fashion could feel like, were every brand as inclusive as this.And it feels good.SHOP: Rodarte X Universal StandardRodarte x Universal Standard: Shop The Collection 2of10© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Leather that won't break the bank is hard to find. Whether it's buttery soft leather or an imitation of the real deal, to get something that looks chic and not inexpensive, you've heretofore had to part with a significant amount of money.Great news, then, that the high street is currently packed with lovely leather pieces that will instantly add polish to your wardrobe. From Matt & Nat's bags with a conscience to Jigsaw's office-appropriate dress and Mango's slouchy jacket, this new breed of leather looks as good as some of the catwalk iterations, but is all under £350.In terms of shades, look for classic toffee, rich burgundy, caramel and buttery cream to keep it feeling expensive. Add neutral accessories à la Boss' SS19 catwalk, which paired luxe leather with summer sandals and barely-there make-up.The Best High Street Leather Pieces Under £350 1of10© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some things are sent to try us, which – quite frankly – can be the only explanation for Y/Project's latest denim creation. First seen as part of the brand's spring/summer 2019 catwalk presentation, there was a lot of fervent discussion around the item last week (including on Grazia's own Facebook page), when it initially went on sale. In case you missed it, the item in question is what can only be described as a pair of denim knickers. A sort of jeans/nappy hybrid, really. A hybrid responsible for the truly disturbing new portmanteau that has been coined by our American friends – Janties.In this Instagram era, novelty has flourished. Take, for example, the rise (and rise) of Jacquemus, with his tiny bags and huge hats – both of which may have seemed like a joke, back in the days when we weren't all fighting for a virtual thumbs up. Indeed, Vetements was one of the first purveyors of the ridiculous, flogging DHL T-shirts for around £400 and printed hoodies for closer to the £1,000 mark. Y/Project itself has already re-imagined Ugg boots in thigh-high, sloughy proportions, which were worn by Rihanna (of course) last year at Coachella. And now, it seems that festival goers the world over are keen to get their hands on a pair of Janties. Bear in mind that they cost £286.According to the global fashion search platform Lyst, searches for Janties have increased hugely since mid-March. In fact, there's been a surge in traffic, with page views going up by an enormous 2250 per cent. So, what does this mean? Will Janties be the breakout star of Coachella? Will we all be wearing them come summer? Will anyone escape a hideous case of chafing? Given that, on Farfetch, the darker wash Janties have already almost sold out (only one pair of XS is left), it seems more likely than we'd care to admit. But hey – if you need any advice, at least US Vogue sought the expertise of a gynecologist. We're shuddering at the thought.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Maybe because it is truly one of the most poetically beautiful pieces I own. Maybe because it’s spring and it’s fittingly one of the first pieces that comes to mind when I unpack my spring/summer closet, but after rereading Tim Blanks’ review of Christopher Kane’s spring 2014 collection, I’m convinced that my pleated botanical chart skirt is the perfect way to kick off this column. In his review, Blanks quotes Kane and says, ‘We live because of flowers and trees. They produce oxygen. But we take them for granted.’ His effort to redress that involved an emphasis on flowers’ reproductive capabilities – and their ‘inevitable correlation with women’. Let’s continue to bloom, ladies.Refreshing items in my closet is a great way to make a humble contribution to Mother Nature’s work here on Earth. By editing my wardrobe for loved treasures and adapting them to current trends, I can help reduce the fashion-related waste that sits in land fills, as well as add a very welcome padding to my wallet. The Kane floral skirt is dear to me because I was priced out of the original runway version, which featured cut-out appliqués of the flowers. But, after a buyer friend’s tip, I scored this pretty, more affordable incarnation, which enabled me to enjoy the essence of the collection.That this skirt has to flow into my spring/ summer 2019 rotation makes perfect sense, considering the fact that I absolutely love pleated skirts. So much so that I must confess to having a hard time passing up on them when I spot them in my favourite shops. I am also a huge fan of vibrant prints and it doesn’t get more statement than this. Don’t laugh at this admission, but I actually purchased a large antique botanical chart the summer that I bought this skirt. I know, a bit much, but fashion and art often go hand-in-hand.This season, I will pair my skirt with an easy jacket-style blouse and kitten-heel mules, or with a blazer styled over a T-shirt and strappy sandals.Skirt, New Look (£22.99)What, This Old Thing? - Grazia2of7Skirt, New Look (£22.99)T-shirt, Uterque (£22)Mules, Monsoon (£45)Sandals, Topshop (£46)Earrings, Guess (£49)Blazer, Next (£68)Mini Bag, By Far (£385)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to fashion, Instagram has been responsible for so many individual pieces and trends quickly becoming A Thing. From Topshop's midi slip skirts to Ganni dresses galore, it can often feel like you're only just discovering something before it's sold out – never to grace the hangers in your wardrobe. This is why we've decided to bring you the Almost Famous – the trends, items and one-offs that all the coolest girls are wearing, before they've managed to go viral and, subsequently, disappear from reach. This week's nascent star? It comes courtesy of John Lewis & Partners. Stay close to people who feel like sunshine. Or at least, on a grey day, dress like you are the sunshine 😉☀️ CREDITS: Trench coat, John Lewis (gift, have worked with them previously) | Dress, ASOS (bought, now back in stock) | Sunglasses, & Other Stories (bought) | Necklaces, all tagged (gifted items) ✨A post shared by  E R I C A  D A V I E S (@erica_davies) on Apr 2, 2019 at 11:35am PDTThe high street brand re-launched last year, adding both to its name and its in-house offering. The eponymous clothing label now offers an array of bright, well-made pieces designed to fit seamlessly into any wardrobe. And it seems one item in particular from the new season collection has piqued the interest of many an influencer: the yellow, belted trench coat with blouson sleeves. AD-When an outfit makes you really happy. Head to toe in @johnlewisandpartners all selected and styled when I had a fab day at their Style Studio. What a treat that was! Definitely recommend using their free personal styling service 🙌 Outfit linked in stories 💛 #JLfashion #gift #styling #personalshopper #personalstylist #fashion #ootd #ss19 #outfitoftheday #whiteshirt #stylehunter #stylediaries #londonblogger #londonfashion  All @johnlewisandpartners @johnlewisandpartnerspr #gifted as part of paid collaborationA post shared by  Debbie Le (@thefashionablepan) on Apr 1, 2019 at 10:54am PDTPerhaps it's due to the timing. Spring is, supposedly, upon us and yet the weather certainly still necessitates a coat of some kind. A trench is always a good option at this time of year, and with its sunny shade and stylish design details, JL's has longevity. Given the reputation of British summers, you may be needing it well into August. The duster is a British staple for approx six months of the year, yet we only ever talk about our winter coats…I reckon they deserve far more attention, especially when you find one as mega as this sunshine number from @johnlewisandpartners @johnlewisandpartnerspr ☀️☀️☀️A post shared by  Katherine Ormerod (@katherine_ormerod) on Apr 2, 2019 at 9:39am PDTWear open over white denim with trainers or belt it over midi dresses and ankle boots – either way, it's one of those elusive items that is easy to wear, comfortable and yet makes any outfit endlessly more interesting. If you're not used to wearing such a vivid colour, it also comes in blue, as seen recently on former Vogue editor Alexandra Shulman. Just be quick – it's almost famous, after all.BUY: John Lewis & Partners, Yellow Trench Coat, £169© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For leading members of the Beyhive, news that they could soon be wearing Beyoncé-designed trainers will be very welcome indeed. As part of a new partnership with Adidas, the singer will be designing clothes and footwear for the brand, as well as re-launching her own label, Ivy Park. Last year, Beyoncé cut ties with Topshop owner Philip Green as he faced accusations of harassment and bullying. She bought his 50% share in Ivy Park, which launched back in 2016, meaning that she now has sole ownership of her company.In a statement, Adidas said: 'This partnership respects Beyoncé's ownership of her company which continues her journey as one of the first black women to be the sole owner of an athleisure brand.'Beyoncé herself said: 'This is the partnership of a lifetime for me. Adidas has had tremendous success in pushing creative boundaries. We share a philosophy that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business. I look forward to re-launching and expanding Ivy Park on a truly global scale with a proven, dynamic leader."While there is yet to be any indication of a launch date or indeed any idea of what a Beyoncé collection for Adidas will look like, there's no doubt that fans all over the world will be waiting with baited breath.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If there's one thing that can elicit pure joy and unadulterated excitement from even the steeliest of fashion editors, it's a new collection from Ganni. Today, then, will see a multitude of frowns turned upside down as the cult Scandi brand has just dropped a succession of new styles as part of its Specials collection.Available online, in all Ganni stores and in Selfridges, there are more excellent midis, this time realised in fresh spring floral prints, as well as a healthy dose of broderie Anglaise in the form of mini dresses finished with embellished buttons. There's also printed tees in the mix, along with matching skirts, wrap dresses, long-line shirts and frills you'll want to live in. In short, it's everything you love about Ganni but just on the slightly more affordable end of the scale; the most expensive item is £260.Buy them now, wear well into summer and beyond. These are all pieces which will go so well with everything you already own, you'll soon question how you ever lived without them. If not even these shiny new styles can satiate your need for Ganni, head to the Grazia shop for even more from the brand.Ganni Specials: Shop The Latest Styles 2of8© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sometimes, it feels like life gives with one hand and takes away with another. Case in point: the clocks finally sprang forward this past weekend, teasing us all with the promise of longer evenings and sunnier days. Almost simultaneously, the weather decided to stop being even vaguely enjoyable and instead, the heavens opened and we were all reminded that April showers are, in fact, a thing. You'd just about got to grips with the idea of a spring wardrobe and suddenly you're in the midst of a mini monsoon. So cruel.To avoid the onset of SAD, it may be a good idea to at least weather-proof your outfit with a good old raincoat. Banish any thoughts of your Dad's old windbreaker – instead think of the new breed of stylish waterproofs currently on offer. From Proenza Schouler's rubber raincoat (back in stock after selling out) to Topshop's leopard print mac, there is a wealth of rain-resistant cover-ups that won't completely quash your spring vibe. Who knew pragmatism could be so alluring? Bonus points for a hood.The Best Spring Raincoats You'll Actually Want To Wear 2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember when Vetements trolled the whole fashion industry by producing a DHL T-shirt and selling it for £185, only for it to sell-out? Well, the brand (brainchild of Demna Gvasalia, also currently the creative head at Balenciaga) has done it again, this time by taking inspiration from that school leaver shirt you may or may not currently have at the back of your wardrobe.Vetements, Scribble-Print School Shirt, £790, Matchesfashion.comOriginally shown as part of Vetements’ Haute Couture AW18 show in Paris, the shirt features a scribble print in both Georgian and English, along with “Class of 2029” emblazoned on the back. Yes, you read that correctly: your year 6 school leaver shirt is now Haute Couture. What a time to be alive.Anyway, should you have misplaced your actual school shirt, fear not: you can buy this Vetements replacement for a cool £790. Available in sizes XS-L, the large size has already sold out, suggesting some people really are nostalgic for their school days.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You’d be forgiven for thinking fashion is trolling us all of late. From Dad trainers to bucket hats, some of our most-wanted items are the sorts of things we wouldn’t have been seen dead in a few years ago. But hey – that’s fashion for you. There is one trend we really didn’t think would ever be revered on the catwalks, however, which is proving to be the breakout hit of spring/summer 2019. It’s tie-dye, the new iteration of which has just been spotted on Gigi Hadid, cementing its status as one of the season's biggest trends. Look, we don’t make the rules. But before you conjure up images of DIY T-shirts and sarongs, step away from the home dye kit. This isn’t tie-dye as you know it, this is Prada’s crisp cotton poplin dress in a swirling mix of white, bright green and dark grey. It’s Proenza Schouler’s bold tie-dye prints seen on button-up shirts, T-shirts and bags; it’s Calvin Klein’s wetsuit skirts teamed with Jaws T-shirts; it’s Dior’s moody, romantic patterns seen across sweeping coats and matching skirts. Basically, this is tie-dye that you’ll really want to wear – and that will fit seamlessly into your everyday wardrobe. There’s Loewe’s pastel jeans that will go perfectly with a plain white tee or D’Ascoli’s bold shirt that will look fab tucked into high waisted trousers. Isabel Marant Étoile’s cardigan will look super chic thrown over a silk slip dress, while Rhode Resort has made what is quite possibly the most perfect holiday frock known to (wo)man. Pair with your sandals and a straw tote and you’re the human embodiment of a hashtag – #blessed.If you feel like you need to take this one step at a time, try Stella McCartney’s pretty T-shirt tucked into jeans or pair Topshop’s midi with your ankle boots. Think haute rather than hippy and you’ll be laughing all the way to the beach.How To Wear The Grown-Up Tie-Dye Trend 2of13© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I know this might come as a shock, but this weekend on the 30th of March we officially hit British Summer Time. Which means that after what feels like months and months and months of wearing everything that is waterproof, lined, wind-proof, puddle-proof we can break out fashion choices that don't feel as if they were made to fend off an avalanche. All hail the arrival of proper spring! (And we are, of course, all running for the rosé in celebration).But as we know: now can be a tricky time sartorially. While the clouds have parted, it's still not quite time to divorce ourselves from our sleeves or throw away every pair of tights that we own. To quote one of my favoured Miss Congeniality moments 'It's not to hot, not too cold! All you need is a light jacket'. But while it might be easy to find casual wear that fits that criteria (hello gingham Zara blouse that's been patiently waiting at the back of my wardrobe, I've been waiting for you) finding workwear options that fit the same bracket is trickier.What exactly doubles as an anorak and a smart jacket for a meeting? Where does one find a pair of boots that are appropriate for the office and also for when the 155 to Brixton helpfully spatters you with a puddle? Fear not - we've curated stylish spring workwear options that are as well suited to the sunnier days as they are to every unexpected gust of wind and shower of rain that is inevitably around the the corner.& Other Stories, £89BST What To Wear To Work This Week - Grazia2of12& Other Stories, £89Arket, £135Fiorelli, £15 (reduced from £59)Mint Velvet, £89Petar Petrov, £515Petar Petrov, £915See by Chloe, £285Sosander, £99Tommy Hilfiger, £115Topshop, £39Topshop, £22Zara, £49.99© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It used to be that for an item of clothing to acquire cuIt status, it either had to be prohibitively expensive, or impossible to find. Preferably both. But recently the high street has been excelling at producing its own It pieces. Accessibility and ubiquity (well, until they sell out, that is) doing nothing to dim their desirability.Take Dune London’s Loupe slides. You’ll recognise them from all over your Insta feed – the best-selling style for the brand last summer, they sold out a whopping five times. Or how about Topshop’s Editor jeans? The £49 pair sold out as soon as the campaign they starred in launched. ‘If you see your size, grab them, because they’re flying out of store,’ advises one of the brand’s personal shoppers. But the good news is, second chances do exist. Both the Loupes and the Editors are back in new colours for S/S ’19. Meanwhile, Whistle’s Jungle Cat mididress sold out twice in green - now it returns in red for the summer. So what makes an It piece?Celebrity and influencer endorsement no doubt propel the popularity. So, we predict a sell-out for the slouchy, caramel H&M Studio trouser suit Alexa Chung wore to the Erdem show during London Fashion Week. Similarly, Kurt Geiger’s Rainbow Quench water bottle holder – £15 of the proceeds go to WaterAid – already had a waiting list of over 100 ahead of launch, a er Georgia May Jagger Instagrammed hers. The #MangoGirls, meanwhile, will no doubt make sell-outs of the new-season silver items.Sometimes, however, it’s just down to something being quite simply a great piece: a hard worker, an effortless update, the exact kind of refresh you’ve been looking for. Take John Lewis & Partner’s Kin jumpsuit: it’s getting a lot of buzz before launch because it’s the kind of easy, flattering piece you can return to again and again and again. Here, then, are the second chance sell-outs and the next It hits to get familiar with now. On your marks..Loupe Sandals, £85 (Dune)Spring Sell-Outs 2019 - Grazia 2of8Loupe Sandals, £85 (Dune)Jungle Cat Midi Dress, £179 (Whistles)Studio Collection Jacket, £99.99 (H&M)Studio Collection Trousers, £79.99 (H&M)Puff Sleeve Mini Dress, £49 (& Other Stories)Editor Jeans, £49 (Topshop)ASOS DESIGN Dress, £55 (Asos.com)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are two things you can absolutely rely on during a typical week in 2019. They are: 1) that some incomprehensible new twist has occurred in Parliament leaving us no closer to a return to normality and 2) Jameela Jamil will have owned the internet yet again, most likely with a single tweet.The former T4 presenter turned US television superstar is getting extremely good at that. She has taken on Khloe Kardashian and Cardi B (for peddling diet products), Cara Delevingne (whom she criticised for glorifying the ‘problematic’ Karl Lagerfeld after his death) and Piers Morgan (whom she described as a ‘giant pile of wank’ for mocking Sam Smith’s decision to reveal that he identified as non-binary).Somehow she has managed to come out of these with no legal issues and with even more fans: a modern miracle in itself.Jameela, 33, who moved to Los Angeles on a whim, with no acting experience, in 2015, and ‘blagged’ a lead role on NBC comedy The Good Place opposite Ted Danson and Kristen Bell in 2016. Since then her social media following has grown to over two million. She uses it to wage a daily fight against body shaming, misogyny and hatred, as well as her I Weigh account, which she describes as a ‘museum of self love’ for its 540,000 followers.It isn’t an easy job and in an age where we are encouraged to put our phones down, Jameela is often glued to hers for hours on end: making, clarifying and defending points amidst the death and rape threats. It’s a tough job but if someone’s got to do it, it’s Jameela: she’s a thick-skinned woman on a mission.The latest tweet which ended up making headlines described a recent incident in Los Angeles during which she was approached by a man asking for her number.Jameela wrote, ‘Was out at the shops with my friend. Man ogles me. Man then approaches me to give me his number. I explain I have a boyfriend but thank him for the offer. Man then threatens my career, saying I better remember that I rejected him. And then Shouts at me that I’m low class.’In a follow up tweet she added, ‘I once said no thank you to man when I was 19 and didn’t have an excuse... and he punched me in the face. After that whether or not I have a boyfriend, I say I do. Being a woman is truly, constantly scary. It’s like existing on thin ice.’Thousands of women responded with their own stories which ranged from irritating to terrifying. Now, Jameela tells Grazia exclusively why she is determined to ‘hypernormalise’ this sharing of such experiences, and change the ingrained belief in women that they ‘shouldn’t be causing a fuss’ by doing so.‘When things like this happen, things that are linked to a much bigger problem, I like to open these discussions on social media. Firstly I think it’s important to hypernormalise sharing and whistleblowing, as we have been encouraged for too long to keep this stuff secret and suffer alone, but also, my doing it encourages other women to come forward about their experiences, which creates a union between us, and it is an extraordinarily powerful way for men to see, in clear numbers, and in graphic detail, how many of us are subjected to a living hell at the hands of far too many men,’ Jameela tells Grazia. ‘It always creates an interesting, empathetic and educational dialogue between the genders, and I’ve noticed more and more men on my timeline want to get involved in becoming allies during this discourse.’One woman replied to Jameela that a man had chased her down the road after she left the gym, adding ‘He'd been waiting for me, said he'd been watching me exercise & he liked how I looked when I bend over, he then demanded my number saying 'I'm going to take you out'. Now I'm anxious to go back in case I see him again.’Read some of the responses to Jameela's Twitter post here:Jameela Jamil Sexual Harassment Twitter Responses - Grazia2of30Jameela admits that the responses she received were ‘overwhelmingly disturbing’. ‘The things girls go through on a daily basis, how young they are when it starts, the bold aggressiveness of some men, and the reminder that women are still not allowed agency over our own bodies, and we aren’t able to feel safe, anywhere, even in our own homes. Almost especially in our own homes. It’s so important for us to keep speaking out about this, and take it very seriously, and not just dismiss it as “creepy behavior”. It’s dangerous behavior. It’s behavior that gets worse when it is not actively called out and dismantled.’Incidents in Jameela’s own life have been the driving force for most of her activism: attitudes towards her in the media when she gained five stone (‘five stone of solid gold’, she says) whilst taking steroids for asthma six years ago have spurred her fight against damaging language about weight and size in the media. This latest fight is on an even more overwhelming scale.‘It’s everywhere. It’s every week of our lives,’ Jameela explains. ‘I was 6 the first time a man showed sexual interest in me, 11 the first time I was groped, I was 12 when a 40 year old man grabbed my vagina on Oxford street in my school uniform at 3.30pm, so hard and for so long, that I bled and had to throw both of us against a wall to get him off. Ten different men in different cities have masturbated at me on public transport. Three different people have ejaculated on my leg as a teenager on my way to school going up the escalator at the tube. I’ve been groped maybe 20 times at rush hour, I’ve been raped. I’ve been followed. I’ve been stalked. I’ve been chased by groups of men I’ve had to outrun to save my life. I’ve been assaulted just for saying no to a man’s phone number. I’ve been blackmailed in business in pursuit of sex. And I deal with constant rape and death threats on social media in my career. And the scariest thing is that, most of my friends have had the same experiences. Mine is not a special circumstance.Walking anywhere alone as a woman, feels like rolling the dice on your life. Being in a cab is scary. Being alone at home is scary. We are being driven insane. This is too much extra homework for an entire gender. I think women are tired and depressed that this is still going on.’Exchanges on Twitter such as these are a small start, but they are a start. Jameela explains that she wants the conversation to grow so that both women and men understand both perspectives, and ‘feel galvanized to talk to their sons, friends and colleagues about this behavior towards women. I think men might also feel more inclined to intervene when a man is behaving badly in front of them.’Talking about rejection is an essential part of sex education, according to Jameela. ‘I discussed this with Jimanekia Eborn on my BBC [Radio 4] documentary about consent. If we teach children how to take rejection, we can de-stigmatize it, and it will make men less volatile when they are turned down. We need to generally just educate everyone about consent. Everyone of every age, because it’s clear that this is somehow still a grey area to us all. Men need to address and deconstruct this idea that women owe them our bodies because they find us attractive. They need to respect the word no, and see it as a red light, not an Amber one. The louder we are together, the more embarrassing and taboo we are going to make this horrendous behavior.‘Times Up and Me Too have to be kept alive amongst the rest of us. It can’t just be a fashionable statement. Time is still up. And girls are being hurt and bullied for sex every single day still.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Marie-Condo-style spring clear-outs have one downside: the inevitable 'I have nothing to wear' crises that accompanies them.You're not to blame, after all, up until quite recently your wardrobe has probably been better suited to battling through the arctic tundra's of winter rather than skipping around in green fields and under blossoming trees. It does seem as if it's been months, maybe even years, since we've had a reason to wear anything that isn't unrelentingly practical and waterproof. But PSA: in case you didn't hear we have a 'heatwave' on the way (read: a slight uplight in the weather that everyone is getting over-excited about) which means one thing, it's officially time to break out your spring looks.So what are the budget-friendly options for updating your wardrobe for SS19? Thanks to the Grazia high street issue, we have a whole sartorial smorgasboard of spring style updates prepared to see you into the more vernal climes. The best part? They won't break the bank.Reserved, £34.9970 Must-Have Items From Our High Street Issue - Grazia2of32Reserved, £34.99Zara, £49.99COS, £45Finley & Co, £140 (toa.st)  John Lewis & Partners, £495Uniqlo x JW Anderson, £34.90Zara, £79.99Massimo Dutti, £179Cos, £180J by Jasper Conran, £40V by Very, £38Z for Accessorize, £25ASOS Edition, £65Birkenstock, £115 (urbanoutfitters.com)Free People, £140Mango, £19.99Primark, £12 Pull & Bear, £9.99Stradivarius, £35.99Topshop, £29Uterque, £49Weekday, £16Reiss, £115Arket, £89Closed, £120Ecco, £274.99Furla, £150Intimissimi, £50LF Markey, £130Gant, £250Simply Be, £25Simply Be, £25© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re looking for a pre pay-day fashion hit, we may have just what you need.While suits from Hebe, French Connection and Lanvin might be stunning, the price tags might be just a little bit unobtainable as we head towards the end of the month. Enter the £35 Primark suit that influencers are obsessed with (AKA posting all over Instagram) at the moment.Available in store (no we can't believe Primark don't have an online store either!) in white, pink and mint green, we predict this will be a sure sell-out this spring at just £20 for the blazer, and £15 for the tapered trousers.READ MORE: The Fashion Of Primark Needs To Be Taken Seriously READ MORE: This £20 Cult Primark Bag Is Bound To Be A Bestseller READ MORE: Primark Are Selling A Gucci Dupe For £6 We’ve charted the rise of the softer power suit closely, with Yara Shahidi and Emily Ratajkowski softening their looks with belts, and Emma Watson and Melania Trump making statements in bold white suits last year.If you don’t fancy shelling out thousands of pounds on a designer version, here’s how seven different influencers styled the Primark suit.Credit: @thedutchbanditThe mint green colourway is by far the most popular among influencers Credit: @lydiajanetomlinsonWear with heels, a white T-Shirt and a belt for an office-appropriate look Credit: @styleisleirl Or pair with chunky trainers for something more casual Credit: @emmazoeyrocheInstagrammer @emmazoeyroche added a belt bag and a chunky necklace for a 2019 update on the classic look Credit: @lauraslittlelocket Heeled mules and layered chains add an edge to this formal look Credit: @vickypattison We told you it came in other colours! Geordie Shore star Vicky Pattison goes for bright pink... Credit: @thekittyluxe ...and fashion influencer Holly opts for the all-white version of the Primark suit © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Self Portrait, the occasionwear label loved by the A-list, has moved into swimwear.Launched in 2013 by the Malaysian-born Central Saint Martins alumnus, Han Chong, Self Portrait has garnered an army of A-list fans. From Kristen Stewart, Reese Witherspoon and Beyoncé to Meghan Markle, Kate Middleton and Princess Eugenie, there aren’t many celebs who haven’t fallen for the charms of their covetable lace midi dresses.Now, the brand have created a line of beachwear exclusively for Matches. To launch the campaign Self Portrait enlisted the help of a number of notable fashion influencers - including Aimee Song, Helena Bordon and In The Frow - to model their designs on the beaches of Langkawi, in Chong’s homeland state of Penang. @inthefrow wore DECO PRINTED DRAPED BIKINI TOP and PINK HIGH WAISTED BIKINI BRIEFS combo in Langkawi  Photo by her lovely fiancé @harrison #sunseaSPA post shared by  SELF-PORTRAIT (@mrselfportrait) on Mar 23, 2019 at 11:01am PDTThe line includes retro-style high-waisted bikinis and elegant cut-out swimsuits in either off-the-shoulder or halter neck styles. Designs include geometric print, ditsy floral or bold block colours.No Self Portrait collection would be complete without some dress styles and this beachwear line is no different. Coordinating pieces include a satin kaftan, pleated chiffon dress and cotton-plumetis cover up that are all perfect for the beach and beyond. Sun-kissed @helenabordon  Photo @allisamazing  #sunseaSPA post shared by  SELF-PORTRAIT (@mrselfportrait) on Mar 20, 2019 at 3:31am PDTShop the collection in the gallery below:Self Portrait Swimwear 2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to memorable fashion moments, Elizabeth Hurley wearing a Versace safety pin dress at the premiere of Four Weddings and a Funeral certainly makes our top ten.Now, 25 years on, Hurley has revisited that iconic outfit. In a shoot for Harper's Bazaar US, Hurley looks almost unchanged in a gown by Versace inspired by the original safety pin dress.In the accompanying interview Hurley shares her memories of the night itself. Hurley, who was a relatively unknown actress at the time, was dating the film’s lead, Hugh Grant.“I was so unprepared for what happened that night,” Hurley recalls. “I urgently needed to find a dress to wear for Hugh’s premiere, and in those days I had no idea about fashion,” she explained.Hurley was given the phone number of a PR agency, and they offered to lend her a dress for the evening. “I remember going to an office where they literally fished a dress out of a white plastic bag,” she said.“I took it home and did my own hair and makeup, fighting Hugh for the mirror, which wasn’t even full-length, in our tiny one-bedroom flat. It was all very unglamorous compared to how things get done these days.”Considering red carpet dressing at the time tended to be elegant and restrained, Hurley’s revealing stretch-silk dress thrust her into the spotlight. Shortly afterwards she signed a deal with Estee Lauder (which she still has today) and the moment kick started a long lasting friendship with Versace.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it's Marie Kondo-inspired minimalism or the increased awareness of the environmental impact of fast fashion, the clothes resale market is on the up.According to a report by CNBC, the second hand apparel market was worth $24 billion in the U.S. in 2018. Interestingly, it's predicted to grow to $64 billion by 2028 which would mean it would outperform fast fashion (set to be worth $44 billion). Keen to shop second hand? We have searched our whole little island for the very best charity shops to do so.Think charity shops are full of dusty aisles of stretch-nylon dresses? Well, you’d be severely mistaken. Take our word for it – venture to any one of these vintage havens and you’ll even have enough money left for a flat white on the train home. What more could you possibly want?Mary’s Living and Giving, EdinburghThe only store out of the London area, the Scottish offering from her majesty, Mary Queen of Shops, is well worth the 4-hour train journey. Colour-coded rails of pre-loved designer swag are housed in the retro- styled store. Expect to find Missoni suits, Aquascutum macs and a selection on pretty chic designer scarves for a “wee” fraction of the original price-tag. Oh, and sometimes they have cake.Mary's Living & Giving Shop for Save the Children, 34a Raeburn Place, Edinburgh, EH4 1HNBritish Red Cross Vintage Shop, Mardol, Shrewsbury, ShropshireIt might be a bit far (and farmer-y) for a fashion pilgrimage, but if you happen to find yourself wondering the streets of Shrewsbury then check out this British Red Cross branch for purchasing pleasure. Great for vintage era-defining pieces that don't have questionable stains down the front and smell like jellied eels. Think 80’s Westwood pinafores and sleek 90s tailoring from the likes of Nicole Farhi and YSL.British Red Cross Vintage Shop, 14 Mardol, Shrewsbury, Shropshire, SY1 1PYCancer Research UK, Hampstead High StreetA personal favourite, with my many hours of mindless procrastination spent devouring these rails, I would thoroughly recommend a visit to this unassuming charity shop on one of the UK’s wealthiest high-streets. What is one Russian Oligarch’s trash is a writer’s treasure. From J Crew cashmere, to Ralph Lauren wool trousers, to McQueen pussy-bow blouses – they’ve got it. Be prepared for some serious rummaging action and you will not be disappointed. Just remember to steer clear of all the other shops as you’ll probably go bankrupt the minute you step inside.75 Hampstead High Street, Hampstead, London, NW3 1QXOxfam Henley on ThamesTake full advantage of this riverside town’s wealthy inhabitants in this pretty awesome Oxfam branch. Amongst the 1970s bric-a-brac lays Miu Miu handbags, Prada wool coats and classic vintage scarves courtesy of Liberty London back in the day.Market Place, 26 Market Place, Henley-on-ThamesBarnardo’s, Alderley Edge, CheshireWith donations as grand as eight pairs of designer sunglasses in a single woman’s daily offering, you’re almost guaranteed to get lucky. Expect WAG staples such as Mulberry handbags; sky-high Louboutin’s and Cavalli slut dresses – all for a mere twenty odd squid.Barnardo’s 35 London Road, Alderley Edge, SK9 7JTOxfam - Westbourne GroveThis Notting-Hill shop is most likely to provide a constant stream of off-the- catwalk designer gear. Moschino coats, Chanel 2.55s and a shoe selection that you never thought achievable are all well within your financial reach here. It may be Oxfam, but the decor is no different to that of the rest of the royal borough. So, you're shopping a'la K- Middy and you're nabbing a Dior skirt for a tenner.245 Westbourne Grove, London, W11 2SEBritish Red Cross, WeymouthIf you find yourself down by the Dorset seaside, make sure you take a trip down Weymouth way to seek out this little beauty. It's only 55 minutes from Bournemouth; 45 minutes from Poole and well worth the train fare. With nearby Sandbanks named one of the most well-to-do places to live in the UK (it’s often referred to as “millionaire’s row”), imagine the gems that have been hiding inside the residents’ gazillion pound wardrobes.Red Cross Shop Weymouth, 96 St Mary Street, Weymouth, DT4 8NYSalvation Army shop, Oxford CircusOkay so when you hear; 'salvation army', you think trumpet blowers; church choirs and men in uniform, right? Well, take a slight de-tour from Oxford Street’s Topshop this weekend to the Princes Street Salvation Army store, and you may be surprised. In fact, this is the charity shop blessed with Vogue magazine's cast-offs - no Condé Nast aren’t British military activists - the office is just around the corner so it’s in prime dumping vicinity.9 Princes Street, London, W1B 2LQOxfam Western Road, BrightonThe Western Road Oxfam shop is one of three insane Oxfam “boutiques” in the generally insane town that is Brighton. Navigate your way through the crazy paths of Kemp town and you’ll find yourself in Brighton’s cutesy quarter, home to quaint tea shops – which generally means there’s a great vintage shop within walking distance.136a Western Road, Brighton, BN1 2LARSPCA, Northern Quarter, ManchesterThe manager of this adorable little thrift store is a bit of a babe. Stephanie Thornton configures the layout of her charity shop to create a boutique vibe – making sure all her precious garms are in colour order and displayed next to matching accessories. She even upcycles some of the old designer gear herself and recalls selling Stella McCartney, Calvin Klein and Ted Baker pieces to her following of loyal customers.15 Oak Street, Manchester, United KingdomThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Another working week ahead, and another potential wardrobe meltdown on the horizon. Luckily, we’re here to help. Fashion month may have wrapped for another season but we’re still mining office-appropriate style ideas from the streets of New York, London, Paris and Milan.This week we’ll be giving head-to-toe black an elevated edge by mixing up fabrics and textures - think a patent trench thrown over flares and a cashmere polo neck.We’re also reconsidering a tailored shirt and A-line midi combo thanks to Poppy Delevingne’s front row look. Take a cue with poppy and style with silver courts and a statement waist belt.If your workwear code is relaxed, take note from these well-dressed street stylers and wear jeans to the office. Make it smart by choosing leather accessories (heeled ankle boots or an elegant handbag work a treat) or sleek separates such as a tailored shirt or a well-fitted trench.See five outfit ideas and how to shop them now in the gallery below.Workwear w/c 25th2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever wondered what a supermodel carries in her handbag? Well, thanks to Irina Shayk’s latest Tod’s collaboration we’ve been let in on the secret.“My life is in my bag,” Shayk reveals while on route to Tod’s Milan Fashion Week show. “Sunglasses, a little candy – a splash of sugar to get you over the jetlag is the best way to fight it off! A charger, a little mirror on the back of your cell phone case so you can check how you look. Sadly, my dog would never fit inside this bag!” she adds.Shayk stars in one of four short films as part of Tod’s ‘My Life In This Bag’ campaign to celebrate the redesign of the brand’s Iconic D bag.The legendary bag - the first ever created by Tod’s - was a hit with celebrities and tastemakers of the day when it launched in 1997. Lady Diana, Princess Caroline of Monaco, Hillary Clinton, Cindy Crawford and more were all fans of the design.Fast forward two decades and the brand has given the bag a refresh with the new Tod’s D Styling bag launching as part of the SS19 collection. The new Tod’s D Styling bag is characterised by a unique central curve, inspired by the wings of butterflies and made possible by Tod’s expert craftsmanship.Shop the Tod’s D Styling bag in the gallery below:Irina Shayk x Tod's 2of8© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Say what you want about corduroy, but it’s not racy. It’s actually thick and unyielding. But, that’s its appeal. Whether it’s as a response to Britain’s foul weather, or a coy attempt at irony, this rigid textile has become a by-word for sexy this season.Who would have thought that a fabric favoured by farmers for its robust heft would make waves in the fashion? But, this spring, between the trends for sequins and sheerness, comes this academic look.Commonly troped as the cloth of choice for the intellectual brigade, its left-leaning, bookish credentials can be varied by its varied fanbase that encompasses Jane Birkin, Jeremy Corbyn and Jonathan Byers. Think of it as velvet with brains, a highbrow denim.Just this week Charli XCX gave the trend her seal of approval when she sported a violet cord suit, and the high street is chock-a-block with cord in a rainbow of hues.Whether it's an emerald green dress, a blush pink suit or a baby blue bucket bag, these are our favorite cord pieces to shop now.Colourful Corduroy2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...PSA: H&M is very good right now. Thanks to recent drops from both their Studio and Conscious collections, the new-in section is looking very tempting indeed.From a buffet of zebra print pieces to linen blouses, bold knitwear and utility style shirt dresses, it seems they have got our spring wardrobe sorted.Is it too early to consider swimwear? Quite possibly, but H&M's offering is making us think otherwise. After all, the mad dash to buy a new cossie the day before you jet off should be avoided at all costs.The only issue remaining is sorting through said selection of covetable pieces. Luckily we've narrowed everything on the website down to just 17 items, which took a long time. So, we expect you’ll respect the edit and spend just as long deciding which piece to add to basket.H&M March 20192of17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The irresistible allure of & Other Stories never wanes. With its sleek tailoring, on-trend accessories and expensive-looking prints, we struggle to pass H&M’s big sister without making a stop.Subsequently, news of a Stories sale makes up very happy. Even more so when said sale is offering discounts up to 70%.Forget trawling the virtual shelves for the best bargains, we’ve done the hard work for you and compiled our must-have items.This is your chance to stock up on quality knitwear (t-shirt weather isn’t quite upon us), trans-seasonal ankle boots (we have our eyes on a square toed pair) and wear-everywhere separates (the cord culottes are calling).Of course, it wouldn't be an & Other Stories haul without a midi dress, and the current sale has plenty of covetable options.Move fast if you want to get in the action, these steals won’t stay around long. Happy shopping!& Other Stories sale picks2of19© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The midi slip skirt is a trend that keeps on giving. Instagram (and half the Grazia office) got behind it last year thanks to that sellout Topshop style. Available in a rainbow of hues, said Topshop skirt has now been reinvented across the high street in array of styles, colours and patterns. The latest to catch our attention (it’s hard to miss) is a neon number courtesy of ASOS.Having done the catwalk rounds for the past few seasons, highlighter-inspired shades are growing in popularity. While head-to-toe neon is certainly reserved for the sartorially brave, this trend can be wearable and the slinky ASOS slip skirt (£28) is an excellent starting point.As proven by a number of notable influencers, this skirt can be easily dialled down with neutral tones, chunky knits or casual trainers.While it wins points for versatility, practically it’s a little trickier. The annoying and unavoidable static situation means wearing with tights is impossible. While you can try a hack like spritzing your tights with hairspray, or braving bare legs, it's not the effortless style it appears to be.Also, washing is problematic. One wash gone wrong and you might find yourself with an entirely green-tinged wardrobe. As ASOS points out, you’re best of hand-washing in cold water or spot-cleaning stains with a toothbrush if you want to keep your neon bright and your whites white.Much like silk shirts, cashmere sweaters and linen dresses, it’s both high maintenance and time-consuming when it comes to laundry admin. Great in photos but less so when you have to navigate your commute/day at the office/night out while avoiding any spillages.Which raises the age old-dilemma: is it really worth the commitment? It’s a torturous toss-up and one we’re on the fence on.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's a fashion fact that trainers are now an essential element in every style-savvy woman’s wardrobe, with the right pair defining a signature look. And it’s this fashion-forward aesthetic – combined with the comfort and practicality informed by over 100 years designing quality sports shoes – that gives iconic British brand Gola its uniquely authentic perspective.For those seeking a cool but effortless style, trainers are the way to go. This season, here's all of the ways to wear them...Credit: Gola Classics Women’s Eclipse Trainers, £75, available at Gola.co.ukCasual cool will never go out of style. This season, nail the laid-back look by doubling up on your denim. Our suggestion? Pair different shades of denim together, like light and dark blue, for an effortless finish. Then, complete your look with Gola's Eclipse trainers, which ticks every trend in the box – exaggerated sole, bold colour-blocking and suede detailing – all while retaining Gola’s distinctive sports heritage style and making no compromise on comfort.Credit: Gola Daytona, £60, and Micro Redford Bag, £30, available at Gola.co.uk'90s colour palettes are reigning supreme this season (think a mixture of neutrals with noisy rich blues, deep greens and vibrant purple). But remember: less is more, so keep the majority of your outfit toned down, and incorporate pops of colour for a retro effect. Gola's Daytona trainer, which has a vintage-inspired shape and hue, is a no-brainer for this season and beyond.Credit: Gola Grandslam Mesh Trainers, £70, available at Gola.co.ukRummage through your wardrobe and pull out your most coveted staples - think jumpsuits, power co-ords and that do-it-all-dress. Then, give these classics an update with Gola’s Grandslam, a trainer with just the right injection of old-school cool, to complete your classic-with-a-twist vibe in one easy step.Credit: Gola Orchid II Shimmer, £65, available at Gola.co.ukWho said trainers can't be classy? This season, consider donning a pair to work by marrying them with a statement suit or smart dress. Gola's Orchid II Shimmer trainer in lustre leather has a subtle touch of glamour that will look the business with workwear or give an urban-chic accent if you’re going out-out.gola trainers gallery 1 - grazia commercial2of4To step into the new-season in style, let the experts at Gola look after your shoedrobe. Go to Gola.co.uk to browse the full collection.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite dressing for work roughly 235 days each year (sorry if that depresses you), cracking the office wear conundrum never gets any easier. Throw into the mix the current unpredictable weather (mini heatwave one minute, Storm Gareth the next) and you have quite the sartorial challenge on your hands.Fear not though, we’re here to prevent the inevitable wardrobe crisis ahead. This week we’re looking to the well dressed women on the fashion month circuit for inspiration, and their style solutions are applicable regardless of your industry.Take your cue from fashion influencer Bettina Looney and Instagram’s Head of Fashion Eva Chen and give classic work wardrobe pieces a 2019 twist. Consider pairing flared black trousers with a graphic print shirt and wide waist belt, or styling a tailored tartan skirt with a lightweight polo neck and two-tone mules. Alternatively, why not extend the life of your evening wear by dressing down a slip skirt with a smart knit, or wearing a midi dress with knee high boots?Click through the gallery below for five outfit ideas, and how to shop them now.Workwear - 18th March2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Our animal print obsession shows no signs of waning but forget just leopard, tiger or snake, there’s a new print to have on your radar. Less exotic but equally as stylish, cow is the new print trend loved by the fashion set.Making multiple appearances on the catwalk for the past few seasons, this print has trickled down to Instagram and now the high street. Available in monochrome or neutral tones, it’s a doddle to layer (it works with an array of colours and fabrics) and a wearable addition to any wardrobe.Meghan Markle even gave the trend her seal of approval when wearing a pair of cow print and PVC Gianvito Rossi stilettos for a charity appearance in January.Whether you’re ready to go the whole hog in head-to-toe cow print, or simply want to dip your toe with accessories, we’ve found the pieces to shop now.Cow print trend2of8© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Meghan Markle's pregnancy style has come along way since she first announced she was expecting, and the Duchess has been spotted donning a mixture of glamorous gowns as well as basic denim jeans paired with shirts. At her last public engagement on Commonwealth Day, she was seen in entirely Victoria Beckham ensemble in a long sleeve midi and matching coat.Now, we're unlikely to be treated to her pregnancy style again as she has no royal duties scheduled until the royal baby is born in April. So take in the fabulous looks now, our next glimpse of the Duchess she'll likely be holding her newborn.The expectant mother has ensured that her title as one of the best-dressed members of the royal family is one that she holds through her pregnancy. Opting to favour a colour palette that involves lots of navy, green and nude outfits, as well as designers such as Givenchy, Oscar de la Renta and high-street brand H&M, she's certainly been celebrating her pregnancy in style.Credit: GettyHer last public engagement before the royal baby is due was on Commonwealth Day, where she wore a Victoria Beckham ensemble. Her dress, coat, clutch and satin pumps were all from the designers A/W collection.Credit: GettyOn International Women's Day, Meghan attended a panel in a Reiss dress paired with an Alexander McQueen blazer. The Stella McCartney cross body bag also matched her Manolo Blahnik pumps.Credit: GettyOn a visit to Canada House, Meghan sported Canadian designer Erdem. The coat dress was a step away from her usual style.Credit: GettyAt the Wider Earth Gala, Meghan wore this beautiful Calvin Klein dress with Ralph Lauren 'Celia' pumps and an Amanda Wakeley coat. Credit: GettySporting the 'Crombie' once more at a Palace reception earlier this month, Meghan's metallic floral dress was paired with a Wilbur & Gussie clutch.Credit: GettyThis stunning Valentino ensemble designed by Pierpaolo Piccioli. Her dress, cape and VRING bag were all a nod to the designer, while her nude gloves were Gianvito Rossi.Credit: GettyMaking a surprise appearance at the British Fashion Awards calls for a pretty spectacular outfit. Enter this timeless number, which has since set the bar high for one-shoulder gowns.Credit: GettyMeghan visited Smart Works, which one of the four new patronages, wearing a simple maternity dress from Hatch. She paired this with a classic trench coat from Oscar de la Renta, and part-sheer printed heels by Gianvito Rossi. Understated yet elegant.Credit: GettyWhilst attending a Royal Variety performance, Meghan dazzled in a sleek black skirt and monochrome top that featured a floral pattern. We love.Credit: GettyWhen visiting Birkenhead with her beau Prince Harry, Meghan wore a bright purple dress under this striking red coat by fashion brand Sentaler. Her statement red shoes were from Stuart Weitzman, and we're pretty obsessed with them.Credit: GettyDuring a visit to Brinsworth House (which is the Royal Variety Charity's residential nursing and care home), Meghan stepped out wearing a clean white floral dress by brand Brock Collection. To beat the chill, she threw on a long grey coat Soia and Kyo, before completing her look with a classic nude clutch and heels.Credit: GettyMeghan wore a Roland Mouret sequin gown during a visit to watch a charity performance of Cirque du Soleil at Royal Albert Hall. Her sequined evening look was paired with black heels by Stuart Weitzman, and she donned a slicked back bun and bold lips.Credit: GettyDrawing inspiration from her sister-in-law Kate Middleton, Meghan often to wear an affordable cream dress from H&M during a visit to Mayhew, one of her royal patronages. She covered the dress with a smart Armani coat and heels. Chic.Credit: GettyBurgundy is definitely the Duchess' colour! This Club Monaco coat and her collared dress make for a match-made in heaven. And when paired with with black tights and chunky heeled boots, we have a winning winter outfit.Credit: GettyFor the final Armistice Day service at Westminster Abbey, Meghan wore an elegant navy skirt and boxed-style shoulder peplum top, complete with a headpiece and large poppy pin.Credit: GettyCan we just take a moment for this custom Givenchy outfit? Created for her last royal engagement in New Zealand, Meghan married a classy navy sweater with a pleated maxi skirt which showcased different shades of blue.Credit: GettyAttending a reception hosted by the British Ambassador to Morocco during her second day of the Morocco tour in February, Meghan wore this stunning Dior gown with diamond earrings and a matching satin clutch. Credit: GettyThe Duchess has opted to wear navy on several occasions during her pregnancy, including the time she wore this Antonio Berardi dress with a pair of Aquazzura heels.Credit: GettyYes, Meghan Markle is often spotted wearing heels and princess-worthy gowns, but she's also capable of rocking a more laid-back style with ease. Take this Karen Walker blazer, J.Crew skinny jeans, and practical rain boots as proof.Credit: GettyIn New Zealand, Meghan wore this gorgeous plaid trench by Karen Walker. She layered it over a black dress which was sold on ASOS, proving that designer and high-street go hand-in-hand.Credit: GettyFor her speech at the Invictus Games closing ceremony, Meghan donned a tailored, olive green dress by the designer Antonio Berardi. She completed her look with a poppy pin.Credit: GettyMeghan accompanied Harry to watch the wheelchair basketball finals at Invictus Games, and donned a casual yet chic outfit. The Duchess proved that a simple pair of skinny jeans and a wrap top are in still very much in style.Credit: GettyMeghan wowed the crowd at Australian Geographic Society Awards in this flowing Oscar de la Renta gown, which she styled with slingback heels.Credit: GettyHave you ever seen a Veronica Beard Cary Dress and blue suede shoes look so chic together?Credit: GettyWhat does one wear to dinner with the King and Queen of Tonga? Only a white gown by Theia, pumps by Aquazzura and earrings by Birks, of course!Credit: GettyWhilst attended the unveiling of a statue in honour of a British-Fijan soldier, Meghan chose to wear Jason Wu green mid-length dress with pointed heels and an arm cuff.Credit: GettyThe Duchess's eye-catching blue gown by Safiyaa, married with a pair of diamond drop earrings, is one of our favourite Meghan Markle outfits of all-time.Credit: GettyWhite 3/4 sleeve dress + matching Stephen Jones fascinator _ straw clutch = Heaven in an outfit.Credit: GettyWe're obsessed with this black Emilia Wickstead dress which features dainty buttons all the way down the middle. And it looks even better when paired with this Philip Treacy fascinator, don't you think?Credit: GettyA striped Martin Grant dress is the only plausible outfit to wear on the beach, right? We certainly think so.Credit: GettySee, we told you that Meghan is a fan of the colour navy. Lots of her dress choices - like this two-toned number by Roksanda - feature varying shades of blue.Credit: GettyLet's face it: we can't blame Meghan for her love affair with navy - she really does know how to pull the colour off, and it's complementary against her dark hair colour.Credit: GettyWhen we first saw Meghan wearing this forest green Brandon Maxwell dress, we fell hard in love, and in all honestly, we haven't stopped thinking about it since.Credit: GettyThis classy white dress by Australian designer Karen Gee was the first item that Meghan was spotted in after the news of her pregnancy was confirmed.Credit: GettyTruly teaching us how to rock airport style, everyone was obsessed with this low-key look. Carrying the Le Sud leather weekender from Cuyana, she made leggings and trainers look chic by adding a camel coat. Credit: GettyThis all black look was part of her New York style revival when she visited the city for her baby shower back in February. Carrying a Caroline Herrera bag in nude and matching with nude heels, she looked VERY A-list and we were VERY here for it. Credit: GettyA casual look for her Morocco tour, Meghan paired an Alice and Olivia Simpson jacket with a Babaton Roland blouse and her classic Manolo Blahnik Carolyne's. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From the Hermes Birkin to a limited-edition Chanel, there’s nothing unusual about a designer bag garnering cult status and a lengthy waiting list to match. However, the latest item to catch attention of eagle eyed fashion fans is a little different. It’s not a beautiful leather tote or a covetable bucket bag but a plain (though very practical) backpack.The backpack in question comes from Insta-famous luggage brand, Away. Coveted for their sleek yet smart suitcases, millennial-friendly colourways and handy USB charging points, the New York-based brand is loved by the likes of Jessica Alba, Margot Robbie and Karlie Kloss. It also happens to be Meghan Markle’s luggage of choice and according to Yahoo_,_ the Duchess gifted each of her seventeen friends invited on the baby shower trip to New York one of their suitcases.Last summer the brand launched their first ever backpack and the item sold out within a few hours. Now the in-demand style is coming back and 9000 people have already joined the waiting listing ready to buy.Priced at £195 and available in three colours (black, navy and grey), the backpack has a number of handy travel-ready features. It comes with three main zippered compartments, a cushioned pocket that fits a 15” laptop, and external water bottle pocket that easily zips flat. Plus, it can also be neatly secured to any Away carry on sized suitcase.Get yours here, if you can.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If there's one thing that we learned from last night's Brexit vote (391 to 242 voted against May's new deal - parliament will now vote on whether we will proceed with no deal) it's that nobody can decide exactly what we're going to do. And it's not just the MPs that are stumped: a Yougov poll suggests we're just as conflicted about how we should proceed with a third of people who wanted MPs to reject May's deal, a third who wanted them to accept it and a third who don't know what they want.Yes: it seems we've reached a political catch-22, a time where you may suddenly be feeling the inexplicable desire to discard the flimsier items in your wardrobe for something functional, easy to run in and well-suited to operating heavy machinery. Enter: the Brexit boiler suit.Let us explain: you've probably already seen the Brexit boiler suit gracing your Instagram feed or swanning through the office and wanted one because you're easily seduced by influencers telling you it's a must-have item (although I haven't yet reached the point where I've figured out the logistics of going to the loo).So what does the emergence of the boiler suit trend in 2019 mean? In the same way that hemlines fluctuate with the economy (down = bad, up = good), have you ever noticed that the most functional of fashion all-in-ones has remerged at a time when we're all feeling...well, a little politically adrift?The boiler suit has historically made it's way out when big things are happening politically. In the 1940's the boiler suit was the item of clothing that represented a seismic shift in a woman's role in society. The Second World War galvanised new roles for women that had previously been assigned as 'a man's job' - as labourers, mechanics and farmworkers so we needed something functional and utilitarian to reflect that. In the same way (although slightly differently) the boiler suit re-emerged in the 1970's as another political maelstrom saw gender norms experiencing a makeover and the birth of transgressive, gender fluid fashion.And if things are ever 'happening' politically, it's now. It would make sense for us to all be feeling a little anxious - given MPs will vote tonight at 7pm as to whether we go crashing out of the EU with no deal.But perhaps the emergence of the boiler suit also demonstrate a turning point: after all, the last year has seen some big social changes, including Ireland voted overwhelmingly to repeal the 8th amendment allowing safe, legal access to abortion, the #MeToo movement took gathered momentum and parliament passed a new law to make upskirting a criminal sexual offence after years of campaign work. And in a newly energized generation of female political changemakers including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and the boiler suit is arguably the great gender-leveller that reflects the shift in women's rights and our place in the conversation.The conclusion? If it represents us rolling up our sleeves getting dug into our political futures, then bring on the Brexit boiler suit. As far as we're concerned: it's the only item you need in your wardrobe.ASOS Design, £48The Boiler Suit's Here To Stay - Grazia2of7ASOS Design, £48Topshop, £59Boyish, £225 (boyish-jeans.com)Current Elliot, £364 (net-a-porter.com)Acne Studios, £515 (mytheresa.com)LF Markey, £180Warehouse, £79© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For those based in the UK there is no escaping Storm Gareth. If it isn’t the bursts of heavy rain and overcast clouds, it’s the blistering 80mph winds letting you know the weather is biblical. Our natural mandate is to stay hygge at home, but in lieu of staying indoors and binging Netflix until it asks ‘Are you still watching?’, these are the nine items you need to survive Storm Gareth in style.A gust of Storm Gareth and that cute dress turns into a Marilyn Monroe moment - avoid the whole palaver with a jumpsuit. L.F. Markey has an appealing line of drill boilersuits and 70s inspired denim jumpsuits, like this one.  The Met Office predicts gust of winds of up to 80mph hitting England accompanied with heavy rain (not ideal), which means dinky kitten heels, tottering stilettos and dainty flats are off the cards. Now is the time to buy into the chunky hiking boot trend. This goes without saying, a storm requires a waterproof jacket. And, naturally, Rains Mackintosh is the protective layer you should have in your locker. With hats liable to blow off your head the second you step out your front door, headbands and barrettes are the only answer. This capricious weather does not lend itself to the maxi dress trend (unless you like the idea of walking the streets with your skirt hem bunched in your hand in a vain effort to prevent the world seeing your knickers). The only foil is a a wiggle dress, something that fits like a glove with no excess fabric liable to billow at the sight of Gareth. If you do insist on wearing a skirt sans tights, protect your modesty with a pair of cycling shorts. In the face of Gareth's strong winds, say no to sheer layers, ruffles and anything slinky. Button-down shirts are the way to go. Don't let the pernicious rains and winds ruin your day with a pair of vinyl trousers. Kitri's won't swell in the high-speed winds and can be wiped dry.     Be more HRH. What would the Queen do in this weather? Tie a scarf under her chin to protect her hair, of course. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s frequently said that shopping for jeans is a nightmare, not made easier by the cramped dressing rooms with flimsy curtains, constant probing by commission-hunting sales assistants and capricious sizing. It was the latter point that’s just gone viral on Twitter as one shopper laid bare with a single photograph the fluctuating meaning of a ‘size 12’ from brand-to-brand.‘In case you’ve ever wondered why women get so frustrated with our clothing sizes - every pair of jeans pictured, is a size 12,’ Chloe tweeted alongside a picture of seven jeans with waistbands that vacillated not by millimetres but by inches. Her jean selection represents a cross-section of the British high street, with pairs from George at Asda, Pull & Bear, Topshop, Bershka and Primark.She added in a later Tweet, ‘And you know what’s even funnier, the very bottom pair fit me perfectly, the 2nd pair from the top, are too small, how does that even make sense when the top pair is bigger????’With 216K likes, 109L retweets and over a 1,000 comments, she proved she’s not alone in her frustration. People echoed their grievances, one person shared a picture of size 4 jeans equally as wide as a pair of size 10 shorts while another griped that she wears size 27 jeans but a Large top with an XS top.Channel 5 investigated the disparity in sizing across the UK marketplace in a documentary called Shop Smart Save Money for Christmas. The findings showed M&S had the most generous sizing, followed by Next.At ASOS a size 16 was found to have a bust measurement of 103cm, which was 4cm larger than Next. Meanwhile, size 8 bottoms at ASOS and Topshop were substantially smaller than H&M.The message is clear: sizing is inconsistent and there is no hope for regulation. While the EU offers guidelines, each store has its own set of fit models and pattern blocks, which determine its internal definition of dress size.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As soon as my nose begins to tingle, my eyes start to run and the dreaded realisation that hayfever season is starting, I know it's time to think about footwear. Not necessarily the most logical thought process, I admit. But, according to my fashion almanack, whenever my allergies restart, it's time to give serious consideration to what I want to wear when winter is over. Starting with the feet.Shopping for accessories is far easier than making a decision about a statement dress, which is why I begin at the bottom. Reading between the lines of the SS19 catwalks and recent street style shots, it's readily apparent that seven trends are striding ahead in the trend race. For daytime, I'm coverting animal print ankle boots and Frankenstein loafers, both of which will elevate denim and ground midaxi (that's mid-to-maxi) dresses. As I move into the twilight hours, I'd like a pair of sculptural heels or refashioned Mary-Janes to off-set going out-out tops. For the citybreaks (that are currently more Pinterest dreams than booking confirmations), I'd like to pack flossy sandals and lux hiking sandals.Here are all the shapes I'm adding to basket:Take A Hike.These are Teva's but not as you know them. Everyone from Chanel to Nanushka has a lux iteration of the classic hiking sandal for spring. Take A Hike.Take A Hike.Take A Hike.Loafing Around. The humble loafer has undergone a makeover and is now a fascinating frankensteinian creation. Loafing Around. Loafing Around. Loafing Around. Strap in. Mary-Janes get revamped for spring with pointed toes and a statement strap. Strap in. Strap in. Strap in. Strap in. Get Flossing. These are not flip flops, these are floss sandals, an entirely different beast. Meaning, you can wear these in the city or on beach without side-eye. Get Flossing. Get Flossing. Get Flossing. Deja Vu Sandals. We're throwing it right back to the 90s this season with jelly sandals, prom heels and strappy mules. Deja Vu Sandals. Deja Vu Sandals. Deja Vu Sandals. Architecture In Motion. Make shoes a talking point with of twisted, warped and refashioned heels. Architecture In Motion. Architecture In Motion. Architecture In Motion. Run wild!Courtesy of leopard print's induction into the neutral category, there's more space in our life for wilder animal prints. Run wild!Run wild!Run wild!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...My oh my: the Spice Girls are touring again, Will & Grace is on the telly and The Lion King will be in cinemas this summer. Sometimes it feels like we’re not just experiencing 90s nostalgia, but reliving the decade. The latest piece of evidence: Baby Phat is making a comeback.Model turned early-doors reality star Kimora Lee Simons Leissner was the dynamic director of the label some 20 years ago back when streetwear was condescendingly called ‘urban wear’. Originally it was a women’s skewed sister brand to her then-husband Russell Simmons’ Phat Farm label, but soon overtook its umbrella company in terms of popularity and expansion. At its peak, it had catwalk shows, celebrity endorsements, handbag and shoe lines as we all as fragrances, kids wear and interiors categories after Kimora left the brand in 2004.baby phat1of18The Chanel model plans on using her ‘amazing personal archive’ for inspiration and tapping into the ‘retro’ elements that made the brand instantly recognizable. Does that mean rhinestone kittens on the pockets of jeans? Perhaps. But, also, ‘new messaging’, she promises.One thing she isn't messing with is the cast of characters beloved by the house. Inclusivity wasn’t a conscious choice, it just was de rigger for Baby Phat. On the topic she told WWD, ‘That’s always been my message, but it’s never more relevant than it is now’.Seemingly every 90s style movement has been revisited over the last year. Marc Jacobs has refashioned his first grunge collection, Slackers-style tie-dye was seen on Chloe and Proenza Schouler’s spring runways and By Far has recreated the type of scrappy sandal and baguette shoulder bag that was a stalwart of Sex and the City. Considering the rise and rise of athleisure and the exponential growth of the streetwear market, arguably, the Baby Phat's revival is a natural expression of the times we are living through.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Alexa Chung's first sunglasses range, created in collaboration with Sunglass Hut, is no doubt everything that we expected it to be: undeniably cool, timeless but also timely. The limited-edition capsule collection features two styles and five pairs of sunglasses, of which the vintage frames and classic colours draw inspiration from the past.The first style features an oval, thick frame, and is available in three colour variants: The three colour variants are: ivory and gradient grey lenses, black and dark grey lenses, and tortoiseshell and peach coloured lenses. The second has a slimmer, squared, boxy frame, and is available in quirkier colour-ways of black and deep purple lenses, and tortoiseshell and light green lenses.alexa chung sunglass hut - grazia commercial2of5Each pair of ALEXACHUNG x Sunglass Hut shades features Chung's signature logo on the right temple, which is just another reason to snap up one of these limited edition sunglasses.Some of the new collection was debuted at Chung's LFW show only last week, where several of the catwalk models were seen donning the designer's new shades.Speaking exclusively to Grazia, Chung revealed that she wanted this collection to be accessible and affordable: 'a treat, not a guilt item, [because] let’s face facts, you often sit on sunglasses and I personally loathe to spend copious amounts of money on something I will inevitably lose or break.’The collection doesn't stray far from her personal style, which often draws upon iconic, vintage influences. She credits the inspiration for the range as a cross between Scott Walker (before he was in the Walker Brothers), Marcello Mastroianni’s sunglasses in Fellini’s 8½ and the 3D specs one borrows at the IMAX. The iconic fashion styles of ‘Anna Karina, Jackie O, Charlotte Rampling’ also contributed to her sunglass designs, she tells us.Discover more about the Alexa Chung x Sunglass Hut collection here. #ALEXACHUNGxSunglassHut© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A dress code, even one lightly enforced, makes picking an outfit infinitely harder. With the endless possibilities of your wardrobe filtered down, surely it should be simpler to settle on a look. If that was the case, perhaps we’d look forward to Mondays. In reality, an office, even a creative one, comes with guidelines, yet that’s no excuse for relying on the same old uniform of sweater and navy trousers week-in-week-out.Paris Fashion Week might not seem like the natural place to start a workwear Pinterest board, what with all the parties and chauffeur-driven cars. And yet, the street style this season was a quick study in hardworking clothes. Ignoring the show-goers in puff-ball gowns and clobber that’s neither weather nor public transport appropriate reveals a slew of women in outfits that easily adhere to most 9-to-5 dress codes. There’s a suit that’s vibrant and off-set with an unexpected pair of sunflower yellow shoes, there’s a modest snakeskin dress that pops with caramel coloured accessories and a knitted dress that when paired with Grenson boots and a polo neck will appeal to creatives. In other words, there’s something for everyone and every office environment.workwear 11th March2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The ultra-glamorous outfits we see in pictures from Paris Fashion Week have many things in common - including a certain impracticality. Read between the lines - or should that be front rows? - and a handful of trends become lucid, all of which can be easily replicated courtesy of our fast-moving high street.While not everything will translate into real life (hello, Molly Goddard Killing Eve dresses), many do. Take the rise in tartan coats for instance. It was checkmate all across Paris as we saw these trophy jackets wend their way on to the shoulders of a substantial amount of show-goers. Similarly, scarlet, that traffic-stopping colour, struck out as a popular shade while a certain Prada bag became the must-carry of the week.Here’s the low-down on the ultimate street style shopping list.Seeing red? You're not the only one for scarlet stood out as the most vivid shade on the streets of Paris. Bright red painted trousers, coloured dresses and washed over whole ensembles. Earth tones in all their subtle buttery, brown and beige glory have been filtered down from the SS19 catwalks to our wardrobes. The next step? An even more neutral addition, a minimalist cream blazer. Just be careful with that coffee!The trophy coat has a new form. The tartan jacket has catapulted to the top of our wishlist. So full with personality it warrants nothing more than a simple ensemble beneath, it's also temptingly practical as winter stretches on. While the 'It' bag wars are nowhere near as ferocious as they were in the early 2000s it would be amiss to not point out that Prada's Sidonie is currently swinging from many street style veteran's forearms. With bounteous curves and an appealing simple buckle closure, it appears this new shape is the one to carry. Up until fairly recently tie-dye was de rigeur of Deadheads and crusty hippies alone, but this counterculture staple has wend its way back onto the agenda. It's a modern way of introducing psychedelic colour combinations into your everyday. pfw street style trends2of10Seeing red? You're not the only one for scarlet stood out as the most vivid shade on the streets of Paris. Bright red painted trousers, coloured dresses and washed over whole ensembles. Earth tones in all their subtle buttery, brown and beige glory have been filtered down from the SS19 catwalks to our wardrobes. The next step? An even more neutral addition, a minimalist cream blazer. Just be careful with that coffee!The trophy coat has a new form. The tartan jacket has catapulted to the top of our wishlist. So full with personality it warrants nothing more than a simple ensemble beneath, it's also temptingly practical as winter stretches on. While the 'It' bag wars are nowhere near as ferocious as they were in the early 2000s it would be amiss to not point out that Prada's Sidonie is currently swinging from many street style veteran's forearms. With bounteous curves and an appealing simple buckle closure, it appears this new shape is the one to carry. Up until fairly recently tie-dye was de rigeur of Deadheads and crusty hippies alone, but this counterculture staple has wend its way back onto the agenda. It's a modern way of introducing psychedelic colour combinations into your everyday. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Helen takes a bag of her unwanted clothes to her local charity shop every month as part of her regular wardrobe update routine. She used to use resale sites such as eBay and Depop but explains that ‘selling online is such a faff so I donate. It makes me feel less guilty for wasting clothes I’ve never worn and is much easier and quicker!’Ellie*, another monthly charity shop donor, agrees. ‘I would love to sell clothes but realistically I don’t have time to do everything,’ she says. ‘The best way, I think, is to organise a charity to come and collect the stuff.’As packed-to-the-brim wardrobes are now a norm rather than a luxury, regular charity shop drop-offs have become a key part of our purchase and purge cycles.It’s not hard to understand how this has happened; the fashion industry is on fast forward. The amount of clothing produced has more than doubled since the year 2000 and the industry now churns out around 80 billion garments a year. That’s more than ten for every person on the planet. Every single year.Donating unwanted clothes to charity can feel cathartic. We assume that our donations will be hanging on the rails within the next few days, ready to rake in some cash for a well-meaning organisation. But in fact, they might not make it into the shop floor at all, instead being shipped off overseas.WRAP (Waste and Resources Action Programme) estimates that around two thirds of re-used clothes end up overseas, while Andrew Brooks, author of Clothing Poverty, found that as much of 90 per cent of our charity donations are exported.Sian, who likes to donate to Dog’s Trust, is shocked to hear this. ‘I find that really surprising,” she says. “I drop it off at a specific charity because that’s where I want it to go.’ The reality is, however, that we’re simply donating more than the UK’s 10,000 charity shops can handle, with Barnardo’s alone receiving over 100,000 bags a week, according to retail and trading director Roy Clark.In 2016, we consumed 1,130,000 tonnes of clothes in the UK alone and only kept it for an average of 2.2 years. While £140million worth of clothes goes to landfill each year, there’s still plenty that’s shipped abroad. In fact, the UK is the world’s second largest exporter of clothes behind the US, shipping more than 350,000 tonnes – or £342million worth - in 2014. The majority goes to Sub-Saharan Africa, in particular Togo, Ghana, Kenya, Benin and the Ivory Coast.In January 2019, it was reported that Kenyan imports of ‘mitumba’ (a Swahili term meaning ‘bundles’, referring to the huge, plastic-wrapped bundles of used clothes) reached record levels in 2018. In the first nine months, imports reached 134,000 tonnes; just a touch less than the amount imported in the whole of 2017.Despite so many second hand clothes bypassing the charity shop rails entirely, donors like Sian needn’t worry that their clothes aren’t making money for their chosen charity; they most certainly are. Globally, the second hand clothing trade is valued at over £2.3billion according to Brooks. However, the profits come at a price for the nations that receive them.The never-ending wave of second hand clothing that floods the shores of Africa sells for as little as 5 or 10 per cent of the cost of a new, locally made garment, undercutting domestic textile industries. Not only does this put skilled makers and merchants out of work, but it makes African nations dependent on our donations, stifling home-grown development.A 2008 study published by the Economic and Social Research Council found that ‘the UK textile reclamation industry is by far the largest financial beneficiary’ of the second hand clothing trade, while another conducted a couple of years earlier, found that relaxing restrictions on global markets in the 1980s led to textile and clothing jobs in Ghana dropping from 25,000 in 1977 down to just 5,000 in 2000. Kenya, meanwhile, has lost over 400,000 textile jobs in recent decades and now has only 15 functioning textile mills.‘We’ve basically dumped places such as Africa and Haiti with our unwanted clothing for God knows how many years,’ says Orsola de Castro, co-founder of Fashion Revolution, the organisation that is ‘radically changing the way our clothes are sourced, produced and consumed’.‘In the case of East Africa,’ de Castro continues, ‘they have absolutely wiped a huge quantity of local, artisanal infrastructures. So we’re talking weavers, spinners, ginners and artisans who, for millennia, have been producing local cloths with local traditions.’Aware of the disparity in benefits and keen to protect their own textile industries, East African countries have floated the idea of a total ban of second hand clothes imports. In 2015, the East African Community (EAC) announced that second hand clothes would be completely banned from their markets as of 2019.This hasn’t pleased America, who argued they would lose out enormously if the move went ahead. They threatened to suspend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, an economy-boosting, duty-free deal. The threat was enough to get the EAC to back down, eventually.However, news of Kenya’s record imports has started conversations of a ban swirling again. Government bodies and organisations representing local manufacturers are determined to carve out space and income for their domestic textile industries, in order to bring back thousands of skilled jobs.But the problem doesn’t stop if a handful of countries ban our unwanted stuff, we’d simply find somewhere else to send it. Much like our rubbish and recycling, we don’t like to see the evidence of our waste so we choose to palm it off on others who are then left to deal with it.The issue extends beyond the export business, threading through how much we discard, how much we buy and how much is made.‘Donating to charity once a month, it’s actually exacerbating a problem, not solving it,’ says de Castro. ‘The UK charities are awash with clothes and your local charity shop has really turned into your local bin. We need to rethink the whole relationship that we have with buying cheap clothing often and then donating it.’Looking at the language charity shops use, it’s easy to see why so many of us believe that donating our clothes is completely virtuous. Oxfam, for example, uses the line, ‘Have a clear-out and beat poverty too’, while the British Heart Foundation encourages donations with, ‘Fill bags. Fund Research. Beat Heartbreak.’I was once inspired by these mottos and felt a sense of satisfaction every time I’d drop off a few bags full of clothes, helped by the subsequent emails I got informing me just how much my donations had made for the charity.Should we just stop giving to charity altogether? Not quite. It is true that charities are reliant on the income from our second hand clothes and many within the sector work hard to maximise the value of our donations right here in the UK.Beth, who runs a northern branch of Barnardo’s, handles every single donation that comes in and is proud that she puts around 90 per cent out on the shop floor. Not all donations are so diligently sorted, however, and the contents of clothes bins, for example, head straight to sorting centres, less likely to reach your local branch.Encouragingly, de Castro believes exportation can be done ethically. Oxfam’s Frip Ethique is one example of a more carefully managed export programme. After diligent research, the charity set up the social enterprise in 2006, sending considerately chosen, suitable clothing to Dakar in Senegal in line with their ethical supply policy. This is then ‘bought by Frip Ethique at market rates, sorted by its employees and sold to local traders’. A representative went on to explain that workers get ‘a fair wage, steady employment, health care and pensions.’Frip Ethique accounts for 30 per cent of all clothes sent to Wastesaver, Oxfam’s Batley-based sorting facility. However, the programme doesn’t account for all exports, with garments still being sent to the likes of Ghana and Benin, who are among the top-most exported to African countries.While people continue to deal with the negative impact of our cast-offs, it’s important we analyse our own behaviour. It’s up to charities to be more transparent; it’s up to us to slow down our consumption and learn to treasure our clothes; it’s up to brands to churn out less garments and see used clothes as a resource; and it’s up to governments to value the lives and livelihoods of those beyond their own shores.As de Castro succinctly puts it, ‘It’s not one organisation or one sector of this industry that needs to act. It’s everyone working together.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In an unusual turn of events, fashion is very down to earth right now. Literally earth in all its myriad of sand, chalk, bark and honey tones. After taking in a month of fashion week street style it’s abundantly clear shades of brown are trending, which is convenient because H&M are doing a fine line in minimalist neutral pieces this week.Between #OldCeline trending and the waning newness of Gucci maximalism, there’s something refreshing about a subtle colour palette and simple, understated shapes. A khaki military jacket and a burnt orange slip skirt stand out as H&M’s riff on this conceit. We’re keen on the belted beige button-front skirt also that cream cardigan, which we’d layer over silk dresses and tuck into high-waisted jeans. A snakeskin jacket might sound a bit too Nicholas Cage but when tailored into a trench coat it takes on a bourgeoisie appeal, which is a trend that will stretch into autumn courtesy of the new-old Celine aesthetic being propagated by Hedi Slimane.Here’s how H&M is translating the trend:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In terms of activities, we least look forward to, shopping for jeans comes in just behind visiting the dentist and smear tests. Pouring our thighs into stiff denim in a changing room the size of a shoebox. No thank you. Undoubtedly, the pain also correlates to the effect on our bank balance, which perhaps explains the cult appeal of Marks and Spencer’s £19.90 jeans.Marks and spencer jeans2of3Like that pink coat before it and last summer’s astrological midi dress, these M&S jeans keep selling out. The price certainly makes a strong case for stocking up, but so does the wearabilty of the shapes. There styles in the new range, a soft mid-rise bootcut called ‘Sienna’, a skinny high-rise called ‘Ivy’ and a slim straight leg named ‘Lily’. In the name of inclusivity, the collection is available in sizes 6-24. Each shape comes in a variety of washes from white to grey to indigo, has M&S’ ‘no gape’ waistband technology and pockets that promise a bum lift.Costing less than a night out for two at Nandos, these jeans have captured the imagination of British women. When Marks and Spencer’s annoyed a new drop yesterday they racked up 1,544 likes on Instagram.The excitement was palpable on Twitter too where @Butnevergreen wrote: ‘I've committed a fashion crime, I've cut my old but classic 501 jeans to make them more like the M&S pair I wanted that have sold out. Am happy, you'll all want ones like mine…’ It seems Holly Willoughby isn’t the only person championing M&S’ new denim range, she has a good share of Twitter echoing her!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every guest (men and women) knows that what to wear to a wedding is an exact science - it requires research, preparation, precision, tact and artful deployment. Really it’s a lot like war in that way. A sartorial misfire and you’re under attack (from the relatives). Make a sophisticated play and you’ll be thankful for the lurking photographer.Forget the ‘I do’s’ knowing what to wear to the wedding reception in the evening can be the make-or-break of the whole affair. Add in any reality checks - like packing an ensemble that doesn’t crease for a wedding abroad, choosing what to wear when you’re pregnant or plus size or scoring a chair at the rehearsal the night before as well - and suddenly that breezy task becomes a typhoon.What To Wear To A Wedding1of27If the invitation was replete with a dress code then use that guidance carefully. Of course, certain colours and shapes are off-limits (no white, unless specified and nothing too revealing or sheer unless you don’t mind granny’s side-eye). However, don’t feel tied to tried wedding tropes. Sure flowers and lace gowns look pretty but you’ll be part of the crowd, not leading it. If you must wear pastel or overblown florals then add metallic accessories and a clashing shoe. Feel free to break with tradition and pick tailoring, a jumpsuit or separates as not only will you feel a heap more comfortable but you’ll be free to dazzle at the disco.If you do dare to wear a hat then prepare to face the Beatrice and Eugenie treatment (i.e. dissection by every on-looker). A classic boater or pillbox will never look out of place, while a floppy Jacquemus sunhat pulls attention and a headband or frosted hairslide is a refreshing twist.When it comes to the bag leave that clutch at home as it’s impossible to negotiate the champagne-shaking-hands procedure. The optics of a dinky evening bag is much more modern, anyway.In the world of ‘what to wear to a wedding,’ there are some rules that need to be broken. For one, black is no longer considered funereal, it’s chic and urbane in the best possible way. Dare to wear leopard print, but err on the cautious side of this wild print by picking demure lengths and higher necklines. Finally, there’s a bizarre belief that re-wearing an occasion outfit for multiple ceremonies is a faux pas. In this world of mass-consumption, we need to retrain our brains to think otherwise. Start by re-accessorising with new earrings or a statement shoe for a switch-up worthy of the Big Day.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Cara Delevingne came out of ‘retirement’, Penelope Cruz closed the show and Naomi Campbell and Claudia Schiffer took part in a moment of silence as Chanel debuted Karl Lagerfeld’s final collection this morning. On the last day of Paris Fashion Week, this was the final act of the German designer’s vision for the haute couture label.With Kristen Stewart, Naomi Campbell, Karen Elson and Claudia Schiffer stationed on the front row and Cara Delevigne and Kaia Gerber on the catwalk, the Kaiser's final show was a reunion of his muses. Last October Penélope Cruz was enveloped into the haute couture house' family as a brand ambassador and today she made her debut, walking the catwalk with a single white rose in her hand, perhaps to signify the presence of the late designer. After Largerfeld's death in February scores of tributes poured in, including a heartfelt statement by Claudia Schiffer who wrote, 'Karl was my magic dust, he transformed me from a shy German girl into a supermodel. He taught me about fashion, style and survival in the fashion business. What Warhol was to art, he was to fashion; he is irreplaceable.' Recently on Chanel's 3.55 podcast Lagerfeld told Monocle's editor-in-chief Tyler Brûlé, 'My job is to propose a fantasy' but in many attendees eyes, the designer made fantasy a reality. Poignantly David Bowie's Heroes filtered through the sound system as the catwalk show came to a close. Inside the cavernous Grand Palais, the site of so many spectacular sets devised by the late designer - like a Japanese garden, a Stepford Wives' supermarket and a spaceship - an Alpine mountain village was built. It was a vivid winter wonderland, complete with log cabins with smoking chimneys and powdered snow. No detail was left off, including a pair of Chanel skis (limited edition from 2006) dug into the snow. The clothes matched the theme - puffer jackets and snow boots, ski lift handbags, puffball white skirts and fuzzy jumpers - but in classic Kaiser Karl fashion, the vision was forward facing. He proposed new ways of integrating the label's famous tweed and pearls, thought up a new method of styling pedal pushers and layered necklaces as well as set a new chorus of colours (kingfisher blue, scarlet, coral and turquoise) on course for trending next season. Emotion's reached a breaking point with two models wiping away tears as they broke the standard formation and walked the final round of the catwalk as a group. The tears transformed into cheers with Cara leading at the front making peace signs. While Karl's long-term right-hand-woman Virginie Viard has been appointed to continue his vision, she let his absence be emphatically felt with the audience gifted an illustration scribed with 'The Beat Goes On'. And that is exactly what happened.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...'I love shopping for jeans', said no one ever. Now imagine, trying to find a pair of jeans while pregnant. Evident from the fact the average person owns eight pairs of jeans - one for every day of the week and a spare for good luck - denim is a wardrobe staple, but when you’re pregnant your old faithfuls are usually the first things to go as they’re not very forgiving. Fear not though, as there doesn’t have to be a huge gaping denim-shaped hole in your wardrobe – maternity jeans have evolved and the choice of styles is a lot wider than it used to be.Whether you’re a boyfriend jean kinda girl, a straight-up straight legger, or you’re devoted to those skinnies, you can be sure there’s probably a maternity version you can work. For rookie maternity shoppers, here are a few things you’ll need to know before you start…In those early days of pregnancy tests and euphorically keeping the news to yourself while you wait for your scan, you might notice a slight swelling that stops you from doing up your jeans, but you’re probably not in ‘new jeans’ territory just yet. You can get still get away with wearing your usual jeans as long as you keep the buttons undone, but if you don’t want everyone to think you’ve forgotten to do up your flies, there’s a marvellous invention called a ‘bump band’, which you can wear over your jeans and under your top to keep everything in place. It’s kind of like Spanx, but for pregnant people and without all the toilet drama. Not to be confused with 'boyband'.During the first trimester it’s tempting to believe you can get away with wearing low-slung hipster styles forever, but this happy delusion will soon leave – the fact is, belly’s gonna get you and there’s not a lot you can do about it. Once you’re out of the low-slung stage, a proper pair of maternity denims will be required – but the good news is that you’ve got an excuse to go shopping. Yay.If you’ve just started shopping for maternity jeans, two new phrases you’ll pick up pretty quickly are ‘over the bump’ and ‘under the bump’. ‘Over the bump’ means the jeans come with an elasticated band that go over your belly and sits under your boobs. This is designed to support the bump and give you a more streamlined silhouette. ‘Under the bump’ means it’s low waisted and stops beneath your stomach.This season’s loose fitting off-the-shoulder tops work well with under the bump denims – you can let your belly swing low without revealing too much. With more fitted style tops an over the bump jean is wiser as it holds everything in slightly better. Ideally invest in both if you can – you won’t regret it.Once you’ve found the perfect pair, it might be tempting to buy it in every colour, but hold off if you can and try to only buy one pair at a time. Styles will fit differently at various stages of your pregnancy, so wait and see how your bump develops before you decide which fit to buy. You might be carrying a watermelon bump or just a neat little grapefruit – but you won’t know until you get there.High street denims are fantastically priced and come in a variety of styles, so you don’t have to spend big to get the look and fit you want. Jeans are a key wardrobe staple though, so if you do want to spend big, this is the item to do it on as the cost per wear makes it worthwhile. Pricier denims tend to wash better as well, which is a bonus.Even if you’ve been a size 10 all your life, maternity jeans fit differently so don’t be afraid to go up or down a size as needed. In the later stages of pregnancy all sorts of interesting things happen to your body, such as swollen ankles and water retention, which can seriously mess with your sizing, so just ignore the label and pick a pair you can actually sit and eat in – you’ll want to do a lot more of that as you get further along.Maternity jeans pregnancy 2of5READ MORE: Is Blake Lively The Most Stylish Pregnant Woman Ever?READ MORE: #Babyboggles: How To Find Maternity Wear That Doesn't Make You Look Like A Jacket PotatoREAD MORE: Six Ways To Make Mom Jeans Work For You© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Getting dressed for a wedding is tricky at the best of times, let alone when you're pregnant, staring at your existing clothes and wondering if they'll ever fit you again (they will, don't worry). The good news is that it does present the perfect excuse to go shopping – an activity anyone can get on board with, provided there are adequate tea stops and a credit card that hasn’t already been maxed out in Mothercare. Since you’ll probably have less stamina for shopping while you’re pregnant, it pays to do a bit of research in advance and consider your options before you set out. That way, you don’t waste time marching around stores that don’t stock maternity wear or trying on items that just won’t work with a bump. Also, even in cases where you know a brand has a maternity line, it’s worth shopping online first and doing click and collect where you can - not all stores will have the items you’re after in stock unless they’ve been pre-ordered. You'll thank us later...Once you’ve tackled the initial challenge, here are a few things to bear in mind before you splash the cash…Your bump may be teeny right now, but one day you will wake up and feel like you’re smuggling a watermelon. Dresses with an empire line that are cut under the bust are the easiest to wear as they’ll be more comfortable. The trends for SS20 and AW19 are pretty preggo-friendly in that you’ll find lots of oversized items which still look stylish but are also great bump coverers. Even if you prefer a body con dress, the right kind of oversized jacket will make you feel more pulled together. The key to successful maternity dressing is simplicity. Too much detail in the wrong places can actually detract from your look and give you an odd shape, so take care to stay away from too many ruffles in the wrong places and stick to clean lines where you can. Let your body do the talking.Not all shops stock a dedicated maternity dress range but you can still find items in non-maternity collections that would work, provided you go up a couple of sizes. Shape and fit is much more important than size here, so make sure you opt for a style that makes you feel comfortable and try it on in a couple of sizes if necessary.This season is all about midi-length dresses but when you’re pregnant, midi-length will quickly turn into micro once your bump expands and the fabric rides up. When shopping for dresses, look carefully at the hem lines and make sure you have a bit of slack built in for when the bump gets bigger and, if necessary, go a size up to get the length right.Finally, remember that you don’t have to do monochrome just because you’re pregnant – you can still wear colour. From high street bargains to blow-the-budget show-stoppers, shop our pick of the best maternity dresses for weddings below.maternity pregnant wedding guest outfit1of9WATCH: MOST STYLISH CELEBRITY WEDDINGSREAD MORE: 10 Of The Best Maternity JeansREAD MORE: Blake Lively's Best Maternity Style MomentsREAD MORE: #Babyboggles: How To Find Maternity Wear That Doesn't Make You Look Like A Jacket Potato© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One of the best things to happen at the Oscars this year was spotted on the feet of Frances McDormand. Dressed in pink Valentino couture, she wasn’t just one of the trendsetters at this year’s awards, she was a trailblazer – eschewing heels for Birkenstocks. They were bright yellow and, in joyous news, they are now available to buy.Birkenstock x Valentino Red Arizona Sandals, £315Of all the seemingly left-field footwear collaborations we’ve seen recently – those Balenciaga Crocs, for example, and Y/Project’s thigh-high UGGs – Valentino’s Birkenstocks are actually something we could – and want to – wear. All the comfort of your regular Birkenstocks with the added glitz of Valentino – what’s not to love? That’s rhetorical, obviously.Pierpaolo Piccioli, Valentino’s creative director, did actually debut his two new Arizona designs at the menswear show earlier this year but it’s only now that they’re available to buy. There’s a plain red pair available for £315 and a black pair with the Valentino logo on the side, which cost £370. They are, however, selling fast, so you may want to get your skates on. Having said that, if your skates aren’t designed by Valentino, it’s probably best not to bother.Birkenstock x Valentino Logo Arizona Sandals, £370© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Arriving in Northern Ireland for a surprise trip with her husband, the Duchess of Cambridge wore a red Carolina Herrera coat (previously seen in 2016) over skinny black trousers and L.K.Bennett boots. So far, so to be expected. When the time came for an evening reception in Belfast, however, Kate seemed to make what is, for her, a rather left-field choice of outfit: foregoing her usual favoured British designers like McQueen and Erdem, she wore a mint green, metallic lurex midi dress designed by Missoni.This comes just a couple of weeks after the Duchess wore a beautiful Gucci gown to the 100 Women in Finance Gala. With its V-neck bodice, delicate shades of pink, sheer chiffon overlay and plum velvet belt, it certainly felt like a departure from Kate’s usual choice of formal gown. And, given that Gucci’s designer Alessandro Michele is known for his eccentricity of design, as well as his fluid approach to gender, it feels like a edgier choice for the Duchess. Interestingly, she has worn Gucci once before, also to the V&A museum in London, where the Gala took place two weeks ago. This was in 2017, when she chose a tweed dress with Gucci’s famous red and navy piping with button details. Since then – and until now – she has stuck to her firm favourites, including McQueen and Catherine Walker.The Missoni dress is £1,590 and almost completely sold out on Net-a-Porter, suggesting that the Kate Effect still holds as much influence as ever. In theory, the idea that the Duchess would wear a lurex metallic number to an official event seems highly unlikely, which is why it feels as though she has slightly changed her approach to her wardrobe. Natasha Archer, the stylist who has been working with Kate for many years, gave birth in December last year, suggesting that Kate could be working with someone new while Archer is on maternity leave. Rumours did start to circulate about the fact that Archer may not return to her role at all, as she was made a member of The Royal Victorian Order at the end of 2018, which is an honour usually given to members of the Royal Household who are set to depart from their position.Whomever the current stylist may be, there’s no doubt they’re doing a brilliant job. And regarding the question of what Kate’s going to wear next – it’s anyone’s guess.Kate Middleton Look Book2of214© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In front of an audience including Jennifer Lawrence and Cara Delevingne, the new Dior slogan tees were born. Like her very first collection for the brand, Maria Grazia Chiuri sent one of these tops out as part of the very first look, emblazoned with the words ‘Sisterhood is Global’ and tucked in to a full, ‘50s skirt. The name of activist Robin Morgan’s classic feminist anthology – comprised of essays written by women across 80 different countries – these words formed the basis of Chiuri’s message, one which intensified her emphasis on female equality.There were yet more Saddle Bags, more logo belts and more contemporary riffs on the classic Dior silhouette. Inspired by the Teddy Girls of the 1950s, there were veiled bucket hats worn with pearls, which concealed very graphic eye make-up (bottom lashes were painted on to models’ faces) created by Peter Philips, Dior Beauty’s creative and image director. There was a very chic take on the anorak in the form of checked waterproof jackets printed with Dior on the front. And there were pretty, pointed flats worn with semi-sheer ankle socks.Sitting FROW-side, Cara Delevingne was pretty in pink next to Karlie Kloss and Jennifer Lawrence, who sent the paparazzi into a frenzy as she showed off her new engagement ring. While Chiuri has remained true to many of Dior’s classic signatures, reinventing them for her modern audience, it’s the elevated spin she has put on everyday items that is particularly interesting. The T-shirts from her first collections, which stated ‘We Should All Be Feminists’ were a sell-out success, suggesting that this new iteration will enjoy similar popularity.While most of Dior’s tees sell for upwards of £500, it’s the sort of cult item a lot of us may want to save up for – particularly as most of the accessories exceed £1,000, placing the T-shirts on the more affordable end of the luxury scale. If you can’t quite wait until the new tees are available, see below for the slogan tops you can buy right now.Bella Freud, Printed T-Shirt, £95Ganni, Jersey T-shirt, £75Comme Des Garçons, Striped Slogan Top, £115Anthropologie, The Future Is Female Tee, £60Être Cecile, Woman T-shirt, £60© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At risk of dampening the national mood, I’m worried about the heatwave we’re currently experiencing in the UK. If it were July, we’d all be rejoicing that – finally – we knew what summer really felt like. But it’s February, a month usually written off by snow, ice and gloomy grey skies. While warmer temperatures and an unexpected dose of vitamin D feel bloody lovely when you’ve spent the last few months wrapped in a cocoon crafted from black tights, oversized knits and thermal layers, the current climate is undeniably in jeopardy.As the Green Party's Caroline Lucas wrote in The Independent: 'This warm spell cannot be dismissed as a one-off. This is part of a wider global trend of record-breaking temperatures and increasingly extreme weather patterns – and it’s about time politicians and the media acknowledged that.' That aside, there’s also the very pragmatic worry of what to wear in February when it’s 20 degrees and sunny outside.Chances are (and according to some reports), the weather will snap back to winter any time soon, so it doesn’t seem logical (or indeed any help to the planet) to rush out and buy a load of stuff you’ll only wear again come August. The answer to all our problems, then, is a mix of trans-seasonal pieces that will work throughout the year and some canny styling tricks to ensure you’re neither too hot nor ridiculously cold on your lunch break.Here are the five key pieces to invest in now, that you can keep wearing throughout the year..Is there a harder working piece of clothing? Whether you’re wearing with tights and boots in the winter months or sandals come summer, midis are ideal for every season. Ganni’s brand new styles are all (predictably) fab – just wear now with bare legs, ankle boots and a lightweight jacket over the top. It feels weather-appropriate without being too summery.Ganni, Pleated Georgette Midi Dress, £170Yes, I have just coined a new term. But I feel a blazer/jacket hybrid is just what these current temperatures called for. 20 degrees is definitely too warm for a winter coat. I made the mistake of wearing mine to work – despite the February forecasts essentially telling me not to – and let’s just say it really was an error of judgement. & Other Stories has an excellent selection of wool blazers, which are great on their own right now but can also be layered on top of roll neck jumpers (and thermal layers) when it’s winter again.& Other Stories , Belted Wool Blazer, £129 As championed by the likes of ALEXACHUNG, Victoria Beckham and Christopher Kane for SS19, white boots have been the breakout hit of this year so far. Chances are, you’ve seen them dominating your Insta feed, with many pairs selling out faster than they could be re-stocked. They’re perfect for sunnier days; much less heavy than the hiking boots that have become near-ubiquitous, Vagabond’s ankle-hugging pair look just as great with jeans as they do midi skirts and dresses. Plus, the brand has a strong emphasis on sustainability.Vagabond, White Alice Ankle Boots, £100After boilersuits experienced a resurgence last year, I’ve come to rely on one regardless of the weather. Obviously, an all-in-one is a ready-made outfit as it is, while any tweaks you may want to make to suit the climate are easily done. When temperatures plummeted before Christmas, I wore mine over a white roll neck with boots, while right now I’m chucking it on with trainers and some gold jewellery. Thicker fabrics like corduroy and heavy duty cotton won’t even require a jacket.Arket, Washed Cotton Boilersuit, £135Suitably breezy and a fine partner for both oversized tees (tucked in) and fine knits, these See by Chloé numbers are also in colour palette of the moment: beige. Wear with trainers by day and swap for some kitten heels by night – you’ll find yourself putting these on come rain or shine.See by Chloé, Checked Twill Wide-Leg Trousers, £285© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To most people, the idea of having to rock up at Vanity Fair’s Oscars party in a mesh bikini top is the stuff of nightmares. The kind from which you wake up in a cold sweat. For Zoë Kravitz, though, it’s just another night out.Arriving at the VF bash, Kravitz was wearing a gold mesh bikini top with a long, black Saint Laurent skirt. It’s basically everything the world wanted to be in the ‘90s – but cooler.This wasn’t your run-of-the-mill gold mesh bikini top, either – just in case you were wondering. Oh no – this slinky top is made of a very fine 18 karat gold, created by Elsa Perretti for Tiffany & Co (for whom Kravitz is currently an ambassador).There are only two of these tops for sale, located at New York’s flagship Tiffany & Co store, priced at $24,000 each.Whether this is a bikini for swimming is up for debate. But we can all agree one one thing: Zoe looked sensational in it.Credit: Getty ImagesGemma Chan slipped out of her pink pocketed Valentino number, and into this sheer Tom Ford dressCredit: Getty ImagesZoë Kravitz wears a Saint Laurent bralet, skirt and bag Credit: Getty ImagesOlivia Colman accessorizes her Stella McCartney dress with her Best Actress Oscar for her role in The Favorite Credit: Getty ImagesKendall Jenner wears a dress by Lebanese-American designer Rami Kadi Credit: Getty ImagesAlso wearing Rami Kadi... Tiffany Haddish! Credit: Getty ImagesRosie Huntington-Whiteley wears Versace and looks like an IRL version of the diamond emoji Credit: Getty ImagesParis Jackson wears a sublime Vivienne Westwood number in burnt orange Credit: Getty ImagesPriyanka Chopra stuns in Ellie Saab Couture Credit: Getty ImagesAlso in black sequins, Miley Cyrus wearing Saint Laurent Credit: Getty ImagesChrissy Teigen looks dreamy in Marchesa Credit: Getty Images Jessica Alba wears Narciso Rodriguez, and carries a practical bag Credit: Getty ImagesSelma Blair wears Ralph & Russo and carries a cane after revealing she has MS © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just in case you haven’t noticed, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been in Morocco for the past few days, where they have been carrying out various official engagements while the world loses its mind over Meghan’s maternity wardrobe. Let us, too, jump on that bandwagon, for Meghan has just introduced us to an absolute dream of a dress that we're currently lusting over.The dress in question is by Carolina Herrera and was worn by Meghan to meet King Mohammed VI. It's a dusky blue, floral printed floor-sweeper of a dress – AKA the sort of thing that will exponentially improve the life of your wardrobe. You need never have a wedding guest outfit dilemma again, for this silk chiffon short sleeve gown is the answer to your problems. Holidays, too, would benefit from this dress. Just imagine: a gentle, cooling breeze in your hair, sandals on your feet and the lightest, prettiest silk chiffon fluttering against your skin. Can you tell we’re already desperate for a holiday?The dress is part of Wes Gordon’s AW19 collection for Carolina Herrera, shown at New York Fashion Week only two weeks ago and is currently available to pre-order. The only snag? It costs £3,222.As a result, a deposit is required and delivery is stated to be anywhere between the end of July and mid-October. But if you can wait that long and have a few thousand to spare, your patience will be rewarded – it’s just your bank balance that might take a hit.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Before every awards season, the cultural conversation tends to be dominated by speculation and assumption of what, in terms of fashion, will appear on the red carpet. While this has become expected, it has never been so pervasive as during the last year, as the world attempted to face life in a post-#MeToo landscape. With women left grappling with the consequences of the movement – which ultimately addressed the power imbalance between men and women in a way society has rarely seen before – the question of what to wear on a red carpet seemed a strange concept to be forced to consider. And yet, while many continue to dismiss fashion as frivolous and irrelevant in a political context, it can be a tool for great expression, change and – as last year’s Golden Globes proved – protest.While the obvious response to “What should a woman wear on the Oscars red carpet?” is undoubtedly “Whatever the hell she wants”, it was nevertheless a joyful surprise that this year, that seemed to be exactly what actually happened. The red carpet was awash with gowns, trouser suits and all-in-ones that looked as though they had been picked for all the right reasons – namely because a lot of them had pockets.The feminist history of pockets is well documented, with clothing adapting to provide men with practicality and women with, well, anything but. Around the time of the French Revolution, the woman’s silhouette changed rather dramatically, leaving no room for pockets of any kind. Thus, women were destined to be weighed down by cumbersome handbags, while men were permitted to go about their daily business with two free hands – imagine! The presence of so many pockets at this year’s Oscars, therefore, felt like two fingers up to the patriarchy. There was Gemma Chan in a magnificent magenta gown by Valentino, hands firmly in pockets as she posed for the paparazzi; there was Sarah Paulson in a voluminous Brandon Maxwell dress with cut-out details just above her pockets and then there was Olivia Colman with her Prada pockets.Mary Fellowes, Colman’s stylist, spoke to the New York Times about the story behind the dress, revealing that they both worked very closely with Prada to achieve Colman’s perfect gown. “Fashion should enhance and empower women; it shouldn’t shrink them,” Fellowes said, before explaining that she and Colman look to work with designers who have associations they admire. “They decided that if Ms. Colman was going to endorse a brand by wearing it on the red carpet, it should have associations that mattered to her,” stated the Times article. “It should ideally be, for example, family-owned; make efforts toward sustainability; and maybe involve another working mother (Ms. Colman has three children).”The major trend of the evening was, without question, big, pink dresses. Were the women of Hollywood reclaiming the colour that is so traditionally associated with an ideal of femininity that now seems so outdated and binary? Perhaps. Or perhaps they were all channeling Killing Eve’s Villanelle and her Molly Goddard tulle dress? Either way, the bigger – and the pinker – the dress, it seemed, the better. The true hero of the night in pink? It had to be Frances McDormand who took to the stage in Valentino couture paired with yellow suede Birkenstocks, made especially for her.Among all the ruffles, frills, flounces and Birkenstocks was possibly the most interesting red carpet the Oscars has seen in a very long time. Well, at least since Björk’s 2001 Oscars appearance as a swan, anyway. What does red carpet dressing look like in the wake of #MeToo and #TimesUp? It looks like women disregarding prescriptive dress codes and doing whatever the hell they want. It looks really, really great.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If ever there were a high street success story, it's surely the coup that was M&S' recruitment of Holly Willoughby. Announced in September last year, Holly's edits for the brand have been a sell-out success, with M&S reporting that she has increased brand awareness by a staggering 50 per cent. Tomorrow marks the arrival of her fourth collection, which she will launch later today at Westfield White City in London wearing – of course – some of her favourite picks from the edit."This edit has been really fun to pull together," said Holly of the 15 pieces she has selected. The focus for this spring is denim, with a whole host of throw-on midi dresses, ruffle detail shirts and button down mini skirts – apparently a bestseller for M&S, which is why there has been one in every Holly edit so far in all sorts of iterations, from plaid to PVC. "I have always loved the simplicity of a denim dress and I live in a high waisted skinny jean at the weekend," Holly continued. "I am a huge fan of wearing different denim pieces together – effortless but with a cooler edge. If top-to-toe denim isn't for you, add a crisp white tee and a simple ankle boot, for a classic look that will see you through season after season."Indeed, the pieces all feel on-trend – zip-front boiler suits and Western-inspired details on clothes and accessories, for example – but still with longevity. They don't feel too trend-led and, therefore, transient; the flared midi dress, in particular, is one of those things you'll reach for day after day. Classic breton tops come in at just £8.50, while the dresses are under £50. The most expensive item is the boilersuit – at £55 – ensuring everything is super affordable.Launching online and in 71 stores across the country on 26 February, the fourth instalment of Holly Willoughby's M&S takeover looks set to be just as successful as its predecessors. Fingers crossed it doesn't sell-out before we all get our fill.Holly Willoughby's Spring 2019 M&S Must Haves: What to buy 1of14© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At times Fashion Week can seem like a perplexing place, but it’s reassuring to remember it doesn’t exist entirely outside reality. For starters, though some of the showgoers that dress for the street style photographers might wish it was spring, it is in fact still most certainly not. Rain clouds? Check. Cold weather? Check, check. For the recent London shows, this meant one outerwear trend rose unanimously to the fore.In contrast to the overcast clouds, insiders considered the high-shine of a patent or vinyl trench coat. What divides this longline jacket from its counterparts lies in its ability to shout ‘I’m here’ without being brash or painfully impractical.It’s come to pass that anything brown and it’s many variants from tan to toffee and beige to butter are cutting through the SS19 trend noise to ascend to the top of our must-wear pile. Naturally, Warehouse’ iteration of the patent trend in caramel is the most in-demand of our edit. Meaning: act fast, add to basket before we do! Those keen to ride out this contemporary fascination with brunette shades might enjoy Rains’ turquoise jacket (ideal accompaniment to jeans), Prada’s black raincoat or Weekday’s muted green overcoat.Inspired? Shop the trend below.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Don’t ask me how to pronounce Zara’s little sister brand Uterque’s name because I’ll likely mumble an incoherent answer. But ask me how much I love what this Spanish powerhouse of a high street shop is doing and you’ll be here all day.How this store flies under the radar is beyond me, but for the many uninitiated it has all the same trend-encapsulating potential as Zara but much more luxurious fabrications. In other words, it’s a shop worth bookmarking.On the docket, this week is a pair of black wide-leg trousers, some sandals that if you squint could easily be Jacquemus and a leather shirtdress that perfectly encapsulates everything that’s exciting about the burgeoning trend for caramel tones. I’m also keen on a fringed skirt, which would suit the velvet shirt I’ve added to basket. The earring selection won’t let you down either as the green resin earrings have a charming architectural quality to them.Here are the 12 pieces I think you should consider before shopping elsewhere.Uterque spring edit2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are plenty of Instagram hashtags we're ready to retire, #throwbackthursday being one of them. Frankly, we've seen enough of the same holiday pictures from 2016 and wedding albums from literally 2 months ago. In fact, we're making a rule, the only images that deserve the throwback Thursday hashtag are for nineties and noughties fashion nostalgia. Or celebrity baby pics. Or extracts from The Tig. That is it, we've said it.Of course, fitting quite perfectly into one of those boxes is the fashion of the Academy Awards archives. With the 91st ceremony taking place this Sunday, we couldn't help but delve into fashion history and find out what our favourite a-listers wore way back when. Take note, take stock, take it with a pinch of salt, here are all of your faves first outfits they wore to the Oscars...Dresses Stars First Wore To The Oscars- Grazia (Stacked)2of16Who did it best the first time around? We're going with Cher or J-Law, those ensembles will go down in history...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We're not sure what it is about the Brit Awards, but it seems to be a place where celebrities really mix up their signature style. This year, at the 39th Brit Awards, all eyes will be on the red carpet outfits, who is ahead of the London Fashion Week trends? Who is going for the most eye-catching outfit circa 2001 Caprice?In past years of the Brit Awards, we've seen Kate Moss dress up as Ziggy Stardust, all of the girlbands to ever exist in their classic matching outfits and ensembles that will have your eyes widen. In fact, these stars first outfits for the Brit Awards are definitely worth a trip down memory lane...Credit: Getty ImagesIn 2014, Kate Moss presented a Brit Award wearing David Bowie's infamous Ziggy Stardust stage outfit from 1972Credit: Getty ImagesMadonna rewore this Versace dress from the 1995 Brit Awards - where she performed 'Bedtime Story'- to the Met Gala in 2018Credit: Getty ImagesAdele's first Brit Awards were in 2008 where she played it safe in all blackCredit: Getty ImagesThe Spice Girls attended their first Brit's in 1995 wearing their classic character costumes…Credit: Getty ImagesGirls Aloud went full Grecian Goddess with a classic girl-band twist in 2005…Credit: Getty ImagesIn 2012, Little Mix were yet to master the mixing and matching we've come to love of girl band attire…  Credit: Getty ImagesCaprice's iconic first Brit awards dress made headlines in 2001. Apparently back then it was wild to wear a fishnet two-piece out and about, this was before Instagram of course…Credit: Getty ImagesAn absolutely classic Lady Gaga outfit for her first Brit Awards in 2009. The next year she took it up a notch, or ten, wearing an all-white dress that somewhat resembled a wedding cake, and matching headpiece of course. Credit: Getty ImagesLong live the noughties fashion of Destiny's Child, who attended their first Brit Awards in 2001.Credit: Getty ImagesDenise Van Outen truly living her best live at the 2000 Brit AwardsCredit: Getty ImagesPink matched her 2003 Brit Awards dress to her red mohawk, oh how we miss the noughties…Credit: Getty ImagesIn 1997, Kylie Minogue had mastered timeless fashion statements very early in her career…Credit: Getty ImagesLily Allen's first Brit Awards in 2007 proved a fashion hit, wearing this teal satin dress with peep-toe Christian Louboutin heelsCredit: Getty ImagesWe're not sure was shone brighter at Rihanna's first Brit Awards in 2008, this dress or her performance of 'Umbrella' with The Klaxons.Credit: Getty ImagesKaty Perry went all out for her Brit Awards in 2009, although she apparently felt awful during the show. She told Radio 1 Natalia Imbruglia found her shivering with cold sweats in the women's bathroom shortly after walking the carpet.What's your favourite look? The girlband outfits are joint top of the list for us...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Karl Lagerfeld was nothing like how you might imagine the world’s greatest fashion icon to be. His self-made image, as precisely drawn as a cartoon superhero, as instantly recognisable as a Nike swoosh – with his ice-white ponytail and dark glasses, whatever the hour a permanent fixture – merely the aloof public ‘package’, as he called himself, that belied a man who was far more gentle, generous and self-mocking than he would have the world believe. ‘It’s true, when you meet me, I’m not as horrible as I might seem in a photo with a mean expression on my face,’ he once told me, from behind his desk late at night in the Chanel studio. When I asked him that night who he took advice from, he announced with particular glee: ‘Myself, because before I propose anything, I ask myself several times and if the answer is not spontaneous, it goes to the garbage can.’ This was one of his favourite sayings – that almost everything went in the bin; as if he had so many ideas he didn’t know what to do with them.I had the great privilege of interviewing Karl Lagerfeld on many occasions – at his former home, a grand maison particulière on the Left Bank (where he allowed me to see his bedroom, with its peculiar single bed, rail of Dior Homme suits and baskets of Chrome Hearts jewellery, his obsession at the time). I’ve interviewed him many times in his studio at the house of Chanel in rue Cambon and watched many ‘accessorisations’ – when every model stood before him in the dress rehearsal before his shows (‘That’s vulgar!’, ‘That’s perfect, beyond!’). I’ve caught his bon mots sound bites in the journalist scrum after his shows. And, for almost two years, I somehow found myself in the position of Chanel’s official post-show Karl interviewer, in Seoul, London, New York and Paris.I observed that he always worked late, rarely arriving at Chanel before late afternoon and working long into the night with his inner circle. Indefatigable, he lived to work; designing eight collections a year for Chanel – one every six weeks – which roughly translated into over 600 fully accessorised outfits a year. His workload was immense, designing the collections, photographing the campaigns and dreaming up the blockbuster show concepts (‘They come to me, like a lightning flash, in the night when I dream’). The Chanel shows, held in Paris’s Grand Palais, became the fashion world’s most anticipated and extravagant spectacles – from the supermarket (stocked with 100,000 mock Chanel products) to the rocket (that actually ignited and lifted off). His imagination was limitless, providing the fuel that not only propelled Chanel’s perpetual renewal but turned it into one of the world’s multibillion-pound megabrands. ‘You don’t control Karl. You just have to give him the correct support and what you get is 1,000 times more powerful than if you tried to control him,’ Bruno Pavlovksy, presidentof Chanel, once told me. To which Karl retorted: ‘Because if he [Pavlovsky] said “no”, I would say, “No, I don’t work for the poor,”’ before his self-deprecation kicked in with: ‘There is nothing I can do on my own. I’m just a stupid person who can make a sketch, has a few ideas, and who can vaguely talk and explain and has a vision. But I have no patience – I admire the seamstresses, when I see what they do – but it’s not for me, I’d be jumping out of the window after two hours.’The most prolific designer of our age – even in his eighties – Karl regarded himself as the ultimate freelancer – ‘free’ being the operative word. It was this freedom, to design for three visually distinct labels, for Chanel (since 1983), Fendi (since 1965), and his eponymous line (which he founded in 1984), plus do any project that amused him, that oxygenated his work and the man himself. His insane workload also prevented boredom – which he detested and dreaded, saying, ‘I am never bored because I think being bored, if you havea privileged life, is a crime that means you don’t know what to do with your life.’His free-agent status, not being pinned to one point, one vision or one thought, meant he continually surprised us, season after season, year after year, decade after decade. He relished doing the reverse of what was expected. It was Karl, in 2004, who was the first designer to work with H&M, allowing the high-street brand to hop on the back of his luxury credentials and help break down the chasm between high and low fashion. The collection sold out in two days. His ability to reinvent fashion and defy convention went well beyond the catwalk when, in 2001, he lost 92lbs so that he could be slim enough to wear his Dior suits. He then wrote a book about it, The Karl Lagerfeld Diet – which, naturally, became an international best-seller.Karl was an avid reader (with a library containing over 100,000 books), a tech whizz (he owned countless iPhones and iPads) and a hawk-like observer (of everyone and everything) – condensing all that came within his orbit into powerful fashion statements. All of which fed his greatest talent – for capturing the mood of the moment. From the time he took over Chanel, he pitched it squarely at a new generation, irreverently serving up the traditional tweed suit with knicker-skimming skirts, blinging-up the little black dresses and sprinkling the double C logo like confetti on everything he touched – including a bottle-top-sized bikini.Every collection since has reflected the zeitgeist, including the time he erected a wind farm and a catwalk made of solar panels to talk about sustainable energy, or when he issued Chanel robots inside a show that resembled a mainframe computer, at a time when the fashion audience began to view every show through their iPhones. If anyone masterminded the blueprint for renovating heritage brands, it was Karl – long before Tom Ford, Marc Jacobs, Nicolas Ghesquière, Raf Simons, Phoebe Philo, Maria Grazia Chiuri and all the rest.As Virginie Viard, the head of the Chanel studio with whom he worked for over 30 years, put it: ‘Karl is a genius. His scope is not fashion. His scope is everything… To have your eyes opened by Karl is incredible. After, it’s like being a sponge, to understand where he wants to go and to give him the support to carry on the story.’ It was Virginie who came out at the end of his last couture show in January, when the announcement was made that Karl was ill. A statement from the house last week revealed that she will succeed him as creative director, muffling rumours that a big name designer would take over the brand, which last year revealed its sales figures for the first time, of $9.6bn.What, I wonder, would Karl think of the outpouring of sadness on social media. Not one for nostalgia or sentiment, he once told me that his favourite occupation, were he not the world’s most celebrated designer, would be as a caption writer. Who would you choose to carry on the legacy of Chanel, I once asked him. ‘I don’t call it a legacy, we do collections of a name, label and logo; it’s the spirit of the flame you have to keep alive. And that’s my job – even if you put the fire out.’There will never be another Karl Lagerfeld© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When your style is inimitable as Alexa Chung’s the line between designer and muse is blurred. For her, this was never clearer than when creating her new collection of sunglasses.‘I just thought about what looked cool, not how to be democratic about it, which I think is the same thing I did when I first designed clothes’ Alexa Chung tells me as she sips on a whiskey watered down with a dribble of Coke (red can, naturally) at the launch of her new collaboration with Sunglass Hut.At the midway point of fashion month with her eponymous label’s show only just behind her, Alexa’s mind is whirling. How she decides on her upcoming outfits is a small insight into the constant cog-turning that’s happening behind the scenes. ‘My process isn’t that democratic, practical or relatable. I go on Vogue Runway and look at the designers that I love and then I create a list in my heads of those looks and match them up to the events that I’m going to. For example, on Monday I have a Net-A-Porter dinner so it will need to be a British designer and stocked on NET. I’ll also need to consider how I will be feeling by 8pm after a day of shows. Like, will I mind if I’m cold?’ She explains. ‘Then there is the Emilia Wickstead show on Monday but I can’t wear Emilia to Emilia because I’m wearing Christopher to the Christopher Kane show earlier in the day, so it’s a logistical game in my head.'Before you ask, no, she doesn’t let anyone help her pick her outfits. She has George Northwood do her hair but the ensembles are all her. Why? ‘I’m very contrary’, she admits, ‘my style may look predictable, but I like to surprise, so you don’t see it coming’.She’s understandably very tired and feeling quite blessed to have a new pair of black specs to hide behind. Hers are (obviously) from this new collection, her first ever sunglass range. Though five designs were initially flouted she says they cut it down to two final styles – wide-resin brimmed specs with dark lenses in a tortoiseshell, black and Kurt Cobain white that chime in at £149.Alexa was quite clear what she wanted from these sunnies. Firstly, they needed to be fairly priced – ‘a treat, not a guilt item’, she says – because as she wryly puts it, ‘let’s face facts, you often sit on sunglasses and I personally loathe to spend copious amounts of money on something I will inevitably lose or break.’In terms of design, Alexa was very exact on how they should look. Leaning forward on a high stool she pinpoints her precise inspiration as a cross between Scott Walker (before he was in the Walker Brothers), Marcello Mastroianni’s sunglasses in Fellini’s _8½_ and the 3D specs one borrows at the IMAX. There were a few famous women thrown onto the moodboard too – ‘Anna Karina, Jackie O, Charlotte Rampling’.I ask Alexa if she’s played the 10-year-challenge – you know,the game of comparing a recent selfie to one from 2009. Yes, she has. ‘I look a lot more wrinkly but pretty much the same. When everyone started doing the 10-year-challenge I thought, honestly I stand by all of my outfits, I would wear them right now.’Needless to say, we expect Alexa will still be wearing those IMAX-inspired specs in 2029.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it's the Duchess of Cambridge or the girl next to us at work, everywhere we turn - Instagram, street style, the runway - we're spotting a pearl slide here, a velvet headband there.Perhaps it's because at its core, adding a clip takes zero time and instantly modernises an outfit. Plus, the initial investment is so much less than forking out for a whole new season ensemble.The eagle-eyed Grazia team noticed that this trend showed no sign of abating at the AW19 shows during London Fashion Week. While there may have been fewer scrunchies than previous seasons, there was a stark rise in headbands and bejewelled barrettes. At Shrimps, designer Hannah Weiland focused on headbands. Taking heed of her label's house codes, she transformed her famous faux-fur coats and beaded box bags into Alice Bands. For those shopping for hair slides, she offered round clips bedecked in crystals that matched the chandelier earrings her models wore.Meanwhile, Ashley Williams upped the ante with her famous sardonic hair slides, layering them up to create a full-head of diamante slogans. Likewise, Simone Rocha amplified her beloved hair slides by dotting the models' heads in various pastel beaded clips. For Rocha, the hairband took on a tiara-like quality (Meghan and Kate, are you listening?). Her beaded headbands rose high off the head and twisted in an organic fashion while her pearl-encrusted Alice Bands looked like they had been nabbed on from the set of The Favourite.Needless to say, London Fashion Week may be known for its esoteric style, but this gnawing trend proves not all that was shown was unwearable. In fact, we'll be heading to Net-A-Porter and Etsy right now to bide our time before Shrimps' furry headbands drop.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are so many micro-trends to take away from London Fashion Week's five days of non-stop catwalk shows, but we're here to tell you that very few will genuinely affect your wardrobe. Instead of decoding ballgowns and showpieces for hints of what to wear we instead suggest you pay attention to these key looks.While the Spring Summer 19 trends come into fruition on the pavements of London courtesy of the slew of street style outside the shows, we're also taking check of the AW19 trends emerging on the catwalks. We've watched the shows and furiously taken notes and decided these are the only looks from the runway you really need to see. Stop scrolling Instagram and put down the Twitter feed because if you really care about fashion you need to see what these designers have just shown.Christopher Kane, AW19AW19 collections london fashion week2of13Christopher Kane, AW19J.W.Anderson, AW19Roksanda, AW19Erdem, AW19Burberry, AW19Victoria Beckham, AW19Simone Rocha, AW19Mary Kantrantzou, AW19Molly Goddard, AW19ALEXACHUNG, AW19House of Holland, AW19Preen by Thornton Bregazzi, AW19Ashish, AW19© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was with a heavy heart that the fashion community learnt on the final day of London Fashion Week that the creative director of Chanel and Fendi, Karl Lagerfeld had died at 85-years-old after reportedly a battle with pancreatic cancer.Known as ‘Kaiser Karl’, he was instantly recognizable by his trademark black tailoring, dark sunglasses, high starched collars and neat white ponytail. The designer worked right up until the end, only missing his last Chanel couture show in January and directing instructions for his final Fendi runway collection in September last year.German-born Karl Lagerfeld enjoyed a long career in fashion, some 64 years, He took the reins at Chanel in 1985 after Gabrielle (Coco) Chanel’s passing a few years earlier, but also designed for Chloe, Fendi, his own eponymous label and as a one-off for H&M. He famously made muses and fans out of Claudia Schiffer, Madonna and Princess Diana.The legacy of Karl Lagerfeld lives on in Chanel, a company that his handiwork helped flourish on an international level. His imagination ran wild far beyond the catwalk as he travelled the globe to present cruise collections in Seoul, Scotland, Havana and Texas (among countless other locations) and transformed the Grand Palais into awe-inspiring fantasy spaces (like a barn dance, walled garden and spaceship). He was notoriously outspoken - once talking to Grazia about Pippa Middleton ‘I don’t like [her] face…she should only show her back,' later adding, ‘I didn’t mean that! I only meant I don’t think her make-up is right’.For all the bravado, his designs spoke volumes. In his hands, Chanel’s house codes of tweed, skirt suits, little black dresses and handbags transformed season after season into more and more covetable objects.His private life meanwhile was notoriously (ahem) private, but his love for his famous cat, Choupette was very public. He was reportedly given the white cat as a gift from the French model Baptiste Giabiconi in December 2011.Celebrities and admirers have been reacting to the news with Victoria Beckham saying, ‘So incredibly sad to hear this. Karl was a genius and always so kind and generous to me both personally and professionally. RIP.’Gigi Hadid who walked in several of the designer’s shows wrote, ‘I’m so heartbroken I almost don’t have words. There will never be a Karl Lagerfeld. Every second with you was an honour, joy, and inspiration. I wish I could give you one last hug. I love you Karl, thank you for everything. Rest in Peace.’Muse Lily Allen who famously played live at one of Chanel’s Parisian shows, posted: ‘You made me feel like a princess. I never quite understood what you saw in me but I am forever grateful for the support that you and Chanel have given me over the last 15 years. Rest In Peace Karl, you were a true genius and will be missed, so much.’Karl’s passing leaves open one of the most coveted jobs in Pairs. Rumours are swirling that perhaps Haider Ackerman, Phoebe Philo or Pierpaolo Piccioli might be in line for the role. But, so far Chanel has said that his longtime collaborator, Director of Chanel’s Fashion Creation Studio, Virginie Viard, will be stepping up.Chanel, SS94 runway. Naomi Campbell walking the Chanel runway in 1994 in tweed and a chain belt showed Karl Lagerfeld flexing his sartorial muscles as he pushed the house codes to their extreme edge. Chanel, SS94 runway. In 1993, Karl Lagerfeld was already keenly aware of mixing creating commercially viable pieces, like swimsuits. The high-low appeal was amplified by the use of muses like supermodel Naomi Campbell. Chanel, Haute Couture 1995 runway.And the bride (Claudia Schiffer) wore white. As soon as Karl Lagerfeld took the reigns of Chanel he began modernising the sartorial language Coco Chanel created for her eponymous label, including the use of tweed and cardigan jackets. Kiera Knightly at the Golden Globes 2015.The British actress Kiera Knightly has enjoyed a long and fruitful partnership with Chanel, which included Karl Lagerfeld designing her wedding dress - a short white mini with a cross-body Chanel bag. Khloe Kardashian carrying Chanel's world traveller backpack.As Khloe Kardashian entered LAX airport in 2014 she swung Chanel's scribbled-over backpack onto her arm. This item was a token from the brand's collection that captured 'Gap Yah' culture. Chanel, SS16 runway. Karl Lagerfeld explored ideas around sustainability within fashion in Chanel's SS16 runway. Chanel, AW18 runway. Chanel's sets are notoriously lavish, including the AW18 catwalk that saw a branded spaceship lift off. Prince William with Princess Diana in a Chanel suit, 1997.Princess Diana wore Chanel time and again until reportedly she felt no longer comfortable sporting the double 'C' logo as it resembled the initials of Charles and Camila too closely. Chanel, SS13 runway.Who can forget the hula hoop bag from 2012? This enormous bag, which was later purchased by Kris Jenner, is a prime example of Kaiser Karl's ability to create a 'fashion moment' in other words grab the front page of newspapers with a fun reimagining of a classic Chanel item. Rihanna at the AW14 runway. Rihanna at the AW14 Chanel fashion show wearing trainers and a belt bag is just a small insight into how far ahead of the trends Karl Lagerfeld was. Chanel, AW14 runway.For Karl Lagerfeld the world was his muse. He was able to turn the mundane, like supermarket shopping and consumption culture, into esoteric, humourful accessories that became instantly collectable. For instance, in March 2014, he transformed the Grand Palais into a Stepford Wives supermarket where models, like Cara Delevigne, shopped for 'Chanel' branded groceries and wore bags wrapped in cellophane. Chanel, SS96 runway.Eva Herzigova's Chanel swimsuit was just as iconic in the 90s as when Kim Kardashian wore it in 2018. Chanel, SS96 runway.Kate Moss at the height of her 'waif' appeal in the mid-90s wearing a blue tweed suit typifies how Karl Largerfeld was able to constantly transform and update this iconic house fabric. Chanel, SS94 runway.Karl Lagerfeld was quick to spot the power of the supers and was a firm supporter of Claudia Schiffer's career from the get-go. Chanel, SS17 runway.With his finger on the pulse, Karl Largerfeld took inspiration from AI, high-tech robots by showcasing the Chanel show in a makebelieve data centre within the Grand Palais. Chanel, Haute Couture 2017.Alongside anointing trends, Karl Lagerfeld was a maker or models, including Lily-Rose Depp. Chanel, Haute Couture 2018 runway. The Chanel bride has a very hallowed place in history, something that Sundanese model Adut Akech Bior came to realise in July 2018 when she was the second WoC model to hold this position. Chanel, Cruise 2018 runway. As creative director of Chanel, Karl Lagerfeld oversaw the enermous output of spring-summer, autumn-winter, cruse, resort and two couture collections a year. Each show's set was almost as important at setting the mood of the collection as the clothes and handpicked models. Chanel, SS19 runway. For Chanel's last runway collection with Karl Largerfeld present the brand transformed the Grand Palais into a beach, on which Kaia Gerber walked barefoot.Chanel, SS15 runway.As the conversation around feminism heated up around the world, Karl Largefeld turned the Chanel SS15 runway into a pro-women and equality protest. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With fashion week upon us, the fashion industry is coming under an ever-growing magnifying glass when it comes to less-than sustainable practices - this week protestors from Rebel For Life blocked access the Victoria Beckham and Burberry shows arguing against fashion's impact on the plant. Now MPs have called for the worst culprits to a burgeoning environmental problem with fashion production - fast fashion brands - to donate 1p from every item they see towards funding a £35m annual recycling scheme.The Environmental Audit Committee chair, Mary Creagh, said: ‘Fashion retailers should be forced to pay for the impact of their clothes when they’re thrown away’. The proposed plan (which you can read here) is actually quite a sensible but extremely effective one: the committee have suggested the government reward and incentivise companies that are committing to sustainability (and offering repair services) by reforming taxation while penalizing fashion brands that don't make sustainable and environmental commitments. Pretty much a no-brainer right?  Creagh also called out the influence of social media on our mass fast-fashion consumption habits and said that we need to 'help teenagers get an emotional attachment to their clothes instead of just wearing them a couple of times, getting photographed for Instagram and then chucking them away’ - something that, chances are, we have all been guilty of at least once in our lives. It’s not just the impact on the planet that fast fashion is having (the BBC reports that the industry is estimated to contribute as many greenhouse gases as worldwide plane travel), the MPs have also pointed out the deeply unethical practices of fast fashion brands - some of who pay their workers in the UK (for example in Leicester) less than the minimum wage to produce clothes that are sometimes only single-use items.It’s also a serious problem for the UK in particular: the consumption of new clothing per person in the United Kingdom is the highest in Europe, contributing 1.2 billion tonnes of carbon emissions as reported in 2013. To put it in perspective: a pair of Levi jeans uses 3,781 liters of water in it’s lifetime when you take into account the water used to grow the cotton for the garment and the amount of times you might launder it. That's 47 full bath tubs. The report is called Fixing Fashion: clothing consumption and sustainability. Creagh said  Creagh said: 'Fashion shouldn’t cost the earth. Our insatiable appetite for clothes comes with a huge social and environmental price tag: carbon emissions, water use, chemical and plastic pollution are all destroying our environment.' ITV reports that the MP's have also urged the government to clamp down on companies that are exploiting forced labour or child labour in their supply chains by making it a legal requirement for fashion brands to complete due diligence checks. To the Environmental Audit Committee: all we have to say is (eco-friendly and sustainably made) hats off. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christopher Kane has a knack of reinventing the wheel, be that a simple white shirt suddenly taking on a fetishistic twist or a leather biker jacket transforming into a demure embroidered evening coat. For his AW19 collection, which he showed at London Fashion Week, he took the IT bag to task. The result was strikingly familiar to the pencil cases we had aged 12.Banking on nostalgia (a powerful sales force that drives the appeal for heritage brands and the reunion of bands like the Spice Girls and Take That), Kane transformed those sensory gel cases into luxury clutches. In the 90s these accessories resided in our backpacks alongside gel pens and bendy rulers, in 2019 these PVC accessories reflect the mercurial nature of modern life.Referencing the label’s current spring collection, which celebrated the ‘Joy of Sex’, these rudely red and lewdly blue accessories feel a little pervy. (Or is that just us?) Coincidently, from the graphic t-shirts to the sheer lace party dresses, the brand's AW19 message read as a celebration of the irreverent side of fetish culture, with subversive references to balloons, rubbers, flasher coats and peek-a-boo lace running throughout the collection.As ever, Christopher Kane is able to deliver a discourse on the nuanced nature of desire. And, guess what? We really desire those clutch bags!See: Christopher Kane's AW19 'It' Bags2of4© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion season is upon us, and our Instagram feeds are currently being flooded with the most captivating looks from the streets and the catwalks. But when every day is a photo op, how to decide what to wear? We asked some street-style veterans about their favourite pavement-pounding outfits to date, and the key pieces they're buying for S/S '19.Best Street Style Look: An Attico pink moire dress with puff sleeves that I styled with a pink satin Chanel bag. It’s not often someone goes out in a full baby pink look in the day. Sometimes going for it is the answer.Piece that defines the season: I love retro-inspired bags like Gabriela Hearst's Diana bag. It’s such a unique silhouette that would look chic styled with a structured boxy blazer and strappy sandals.The accessible piece: High waist trousers in slightly 'off' neutrals are my mainstay because they feel far more polished than any skinny jean ever can. I love this pair from Mango (£49.99, Mango).Best street style look: My yellow Saks Potts coat. The coat is a statement piece, so I kept it super simple underneath with high-waisted jeans and a black top. The colour and vintage cut just feels really glamorous.Piece that defines the season: The Saks Potts coat — while they're quite a bold choice, they're great for everyday and it's an easy way to look polished with jeans. I want it in black — it’s be great over a cocktail dress.The accessible piece: A pair of high-waisted, straight cut jeans. I love playing around with the styling of denim because it can either be very casual or a little dressy.Best street style look: A Chloe blazer with Levi’s 501 jeans (£85, Levi) and a white tee, accessorised with and a silk scarf and cowboy boots — it’s such an easy look. I love when things aren’t over styled.Piece that defines the season: The blazer – especially when paired with cycling shorts. I’d wear it layered under coats in winter to add different textures to your look and in spring with jeans or ankle length skirts.The accessible piece: A beige trench coat from Arket goes with anything.Best street style look: Layering and colour are two of my favourite things. This Maison Rabih Kayrouz coat is practical for the cold, but the mix of prints and textures feel like sunshine.Pick of the season: I’m obsessed with jewellery and Begum Khan Squirrel earrings are precious, colourful and fun. Wear with anything and everything. They instantly transform your mood.The accessible piece: An Isabel Marant men’s Striped T-Shirt in XS (£190, Isabel Marant). It can be easily dressed up or down — a T-shirt with a printed skirt is my uniform in spring.Best street style look: ‘I live in a loosely tailored suit — it feels very relaxed with sneakers. I wear it as separates a lot too — the trousers with a chunky sweater, or the jacket with a long silk skirt.Piece that defines the season: A striped co-ord. An Equipment one is perfect worn together with a camel jacket over, but the trousers are great to wear with a loose tee and a flat sandal on vacation.The Accessible piece: A Current/Elliot tee is something that I will live in, you can add a blazer to make it more office appropriate.Best street style look: I love playing with proportions, mixing an oversized mohair scarf from Loewe (£250, Lowe) with a mini-box bag from Mark Cross; this mix of big vs. small works best in bright, loud shades.Piece that defines the season: Leather Tibi pants — they’re so comfortable. The rich shade can be teamed with anything from a bright sweater to a patterned blouse.The accessible piece: For a piece that is both versatile and chic, I’m going with a Ganni leopard shirt which is a mainstay print for Spring/Summer 19.Best street style look: The challenge at fashion week is looking stylish and feeling comfortable when travelling between shows, even when it’s freezing outside. I always choose a heel height of 3 inches or under.Piece of the season: Nanushka’s vegan leather is so smooth and easy to pair with anything. This dress is so versatile — wear on its own or dress it up with a high heel and big accessories.The accessible piece: This trench coat is perfect for London weather especially in spring — the silk-satin material is light and floaty and looks great with both dresses and pants.Best street style look: My favourite flared trousers from Fiorucci, which are also the comfiest trousers I own, that I wore with an oversized Chanel cropped blazer and a matching navy Chanel bag.Piece of the season: Anything made from rattan, woven rope or raffia. The neutral tones so go with anything. I love a rattan bag with a fun pair of trousers.The accessible item: A brown coat — I’ll will be wearing this for the rest of the season.Best street style look: This silky set was the easiest thing I’ve ever worn at fashion week, it felt like I’d gotten away with wearing pyjamas. Comfort is key — if you feel self conscious, it’s just not worth it.Piece of the season: I’ve justified the hypothetical purchase of long Prada leather jacket in my head many ways… I see it worn with mini suede skirts, fun patterned trousers and slip dresses in summer.The accessible item: A Ganni striped lurex knit camisole (€119, Farfetch) which I’m really looking forward to wearing layered over thin turtlenecks in early spring, or over a bikini for beach trips in summer.Best street style look: Colour palette trends work really well - A leopard top layered underneath the neutral brown dress injects something that feels new and makes the trend my own.Piece of the season: Daniel Lee’s first accessories collection for Bottega Veneta looks set to win the heart of the Celine woman. It's a luxurious purchase, but it goes with everything.The Accessible item: A Rixo skirt works both for the office and a relaxed weekend. It’s infinitely adaptable — I’ll wear it with a belted blazer for fashion week and swap for a racer-back vest in summer.Best street style look: There is something coherent about monochrome. You’re forced to seek out the details — like the quilting on a black satin wrap jacket and the two-tone jean with printing on one leg.Piece of the season: I love this white satin double breasted blazer from Sies Marjan (€1,602, Farfetch). I’d keep it tonal with a cropped white trouser or pair with a mini slip dress and sneakers.Accessible piece: I have these quilted khaki guys from Ganni. They’re great with a square neck tank in summer and black roll neck and tights until the warmth comes.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week is an exclusive affair, but what's even more exclusive? The parties. These soirees are held in palaces and private members clubs, dive bars and warehouses and is where the designers really take their bows—with their besties (and endless bubbles). So, what goes into these fashionable festivities? And more importantly, how do we get our names on the list?It starts with scouting the location—one that resonates with the brand’s house codes. It should be exclusive (like, a Soho House) or semi-unknown (like, a new restaurant). Oh, and it should also be chic. Daisy Hoppen, Director of DH-PR, whose fashion clients include Molly Goddard and Shrimps, shares, 'There are always the locations that are coveted, like beautiful Annabel’s, but more often than not, it’s about finding a venue that hasn’t been used before or overexposed.' In September 2018, for example, the schedule included Blakes (for Alice Temperley); Isabel (for Ralph Lauren); and Mark’s Club (for Victoria Beckham).This will, then, determine the event’s scale. Is it a bash? Or, is it more intimate (say, a seated dinner)? Next — and most importantly — it’s time to create the guest list. The designers will invite friends (about 20 per cent, explains the PRs I spoke to) and connections in the fashion business (about 80 per cent): celebs and editors plus influencers and 'it' Brits (like, Alexa Chung and Mary Charteris). Alice Phillips and Katie McNaughton from 5th House PR, whose fashion clients include Fiorucci and LoveShackFancy, emphasise, 'It’s a must to have a strong guest list. Who attends and who shares imagery and information from the event is hugely important as it works to raise awareness and elevate a brand’s perception with the desired audience.'Adwoa Aboah, LOVE magazine party.LFW celebrity front row 1of64Natalia Vodianova, London Fabulous Fund Fair.Pixie Geldof, LOVE magazine party.Adwoa Aboah, LOVE magazine party.Paloma Faith, LOVE magazine party.David Gandy, Aspinal of London Presentation.Daisy Lowe and Cameron McMeikan, Aspinal of London Presentation.Lara Stone, Christopher Kane AW19 show.Jourdan Dunn, Christopher Kane AW19 show.Helen McCrory, Christopher Kane AW19 show.Brooklyn Beckham, Hana Cross, Cruz Beckham, Romeo Beckham, Harper Beckham and David Beckham, AW19 fashion show. Tana Ramsay, AW19 fashion show. Sophie Okonedo, AW19 fashion show. Adut Akech, Victoria Beckham x Youtube Fashion & Beauty after party. Victoria Beckham, Victoria Beckham x Youtube Fashion & Beauty after party. Brookyln Beckham and Hannah Cross, Victoria Beckham x Youtube Fashion & Beauty after party. Anne-Marie, Victoria Beckham x Youtube Fashion & Beauty after party. Tan France and Alexa Chung, Victoria Beckham x Youtube Fashion & Beauty after party. Chris Rock, Victoria Beckham x Youtube Fashion & Beauty after party. Tracey Emin, Vivienne Westwood AW19 fashion show. Rose McGowan, Comar VIP drinks reception.Felciity Hayward, Mercedes-Benz Fashion Talents 10th Anniversary.Sabrina Dhowre and Idris Elba, AW19 fashion show. Alexa Chung, ALEXACHUNG x Sunglass Hut dinner.Chloe Sevigny, Simone Rocha runway.Pixie Geldof, backstage at the House of Holland show. Maya Jama, House of Holland show.Ncuti Gatwa, House of Holland show.Nicola Roberts, House of Holland show.Clara Amfo, House of Holland show.Emma Mackey, House of Holland show.Lily Allen, House of Holland show.Amber Le Bon, Kurt Geiger x Susie Lau launch.Daisy Lowe, ALEXACHUNG AW19 fashion show. Julia Restoin Roitfeld, Molly Goddard AW19 show.Gwendoline Christie, International Woolmark Prize.Brooklyn Beckham and Hana Cross, Wonderland x Christian Louboutin party. Maya Jama, Wonderland x Christian Louboutin party. Molly Moorish, Wonderland x Christian Louboutin party. Patricia Alison, Wonderland x Christian Louboutin party. Simon Amstell, Andrew Garfield, Natalie Dormer and Jourdan Dunn, Central Saint Martins MA show. Vanessa White, Wonderland x Christian Louboutin party. Oliver Proudlock, Central Saint Martins MA show. Jim Chapman, Central Saint Martins MA Show. Mabel McVey, Mulberry Reflections party.Leigh-Anne Pinnock, Mulberry Reflections party.Dylan Weller and Molly Moorish, Mulberry Reflections party.Cora Corre, Mulberry Reflections party.Phoebe Collings-James, Mulberry Reflections party.Jessica Brown Findlay, Mulberry Reflections party.Lady Amelia Wickstead, Ashley Williams AW19 Show.Mary Charteris, Ashley Williams AW19 fashion show.Felicity Hayward, Marta Jakubowski AW19 show. Munroe Bergdorf, Matty Bovan AW19 fashion show. Daisy Lowe, Bora Aksu AW19 show. Millie Mackintosh, Amanda Wakeley presentation.Zara Martin, Amanda Wakeley presentation.Robyn, Browns x Bjorn Borg pary. Dame Joan Collins, Erdem AW19 show.Michelle Dockery, Erdem AW19 show. Dianna Agron, Erdem AW19 show. Alexa Chung, Erdem AW19 show.Phoebe Collings-James, Alison Loehnis and Poppy Ajudha at Net-A-Porter's LFW dinner. Alexa Chung at Net-A-Porter's LFW dinner. Erdem Moralioglu, Eva Chen and Christopher Kane at the Erdem x J Sheeky LFW dinner. LFW has, indeed, become a destination for content creation. There is a focus on curated—or, well, Instagram-able—moments. (Think: chintz-trimmed tables and flower installations.) And, thus, the budget for these decorative elements has been increased. Hoppen substantiates, 'Beautiful and imaginative décor seems to be the main trend that has emerged recently. Flowers have certainly become a key component of an event budget.' For creative direction, Hoppen discloses that the most desired names include Matilda Goad, Laura Jackson (of Jackson and Levine), and Fiona Leahy (of Fiona Leahy Design): 'They are all at the top of everyone’s list for collaborating with visually for beautiful dinners (and for creating envy over Instagram).'Still, this is a celebration for those present. The libations should be delectable — and the fare should be, too. For some, this is a chance to welcome spirits brands and other sponsors. Hoppen shares, 'I would say that delicious food is key and this should never be scrimped on. I love working with new and emerging chefs who curate interesting menus and more interactive evenings. Or, if you are just serving drinks, then it should be the most delicious wine—with consideration to the budget, of course.'And, then, after the party is the after-party. Remember: under-eye bags are always in season — especially, when paired with fashionable shades.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Four days into London Fashion Week’s AW19 shows and the most transgressive trend we’ve spotted has walked straight out of the 2000s. Dresses layered over trousers might not be a revolutionary concept, but in this day and age it’s jockeying for the status of the most evocative fashion statement one can make.Unshackled by the suffocation of tights, models at A.W.A.K.E., Burberry and Ports 1961 walked the runway wearing straight-leg trousers beneath their dresses. Part masculine, part femme, part Princess, part Prince, this was an exercise in the non-binary. Nostalgia is a bankable concept that drives sales of heritage brands and reanimates interest in forgotten markers of youth (see: Take That, All Saints and Spice Girls). Teaming trousers and dresses isn't just a sociopolitical exploration of gender dynamics, but a thoughtful investigation of the inner workings of nostalgia. Molly Goddard styling tailored suiting trousers with a frothy pink tulle dress (that would be very much up Villanelle's street) consciously conjured up the image of Mischa Barton at the Nickelodeon Awards in the mid-2000s, Britney Spears on her Crossroads promo tour and countless other icons of the millennium.  After watching David Attenborough's BBC documentaries it's impossible to watch, talk about or consume fashion without thinking about sustainability (or lack thereof). Just ask Vivienne Westwood who dedicated her LFW AW19 show to the cause. In a very small way, this runway trick is a method of extending the lifeline of party and sundresses alike. It's a tactical move that protects these fragile, and weather-dependent items from the harsh edge of winter. It's all very Mischa Barton circa 2004, but retro TV references aside, this runway trick is a blessing for those of us that feel the cold.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Karl Lagerfeld has reportedly 'died at the age of 85' after weeks of ill health. The legendary Chanel designer was missing from the haute couture show in Paris last month, with the label stating he had felt 'tired'. Now, in memory of his legacy, we're taking a look at his most memorable quotes.Master of the one-liner, Karl was always at hand with a witty put-down or on-point quip, in fact he was renowned for his outspoken quotes, with no one safe from his acerbic tongue.He’s been in trouble for offending everyone from Pippa Middleton (“I don’t like her face”) to Adele (“She is a little too fat but she has a beautiful face and a divine voice”) but that’s never stopped him from speaking his mind.Barbed comments-aside, the Chanel designer was also relied upon to come up with succinct yet astute observations – whether about the fashion industry or the state of the world in general, he knew his stuff, and he wasn't afraid to share his views.But it wasn't all bad. In fact, he was known to say very nice things too, reserving his compliments for those he admired the most. Previous recipients of his kindness include Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner, as well as his many muses, from Cara Delevingne to Lily Allen (surprise, surprise).Here are some of his most memorable quotes...On plastic surgery: 'Nothing makes you look older than attempting to look young. The worst are the lip operations. They look like they flew through the windscreen during a car accident and were patched up badly afterwards.'On never being satisfied: 'I'm a kind of fashion nymphomaniac who never gets an orgasm.' On his cat Choupette: 'She is a famous beauty. Baptiste Giabiconi (pictured) gave her to me for Christmas to watch for two weeks when he was away, but then I refused to give her back. I thought she was too cute. She is like a kept woman. She has a strong personality. She has lunch and dinner with me on the table, with her own food. She doesn't touch my food. She doesn't want to eat on the floor. She sleeps under a pillow and she even knows how to use an iPad. She has two personal maids, for both night and day. She is beyond spoiled.'On Andy Warhol: 'I shouldn't say this, but physically he was quite repulsive.'On Pippa Middleton: 'Kate Middleton has a nice silhouette and she is the right girl for that boy. I like that kind of woman, I like romantic beauties. On the other hand, her sister struggles. I don't like the sister's face. She should only show her back.'On women who hate models: 'They are fat mummies sitting with their bags of crisps in front of the television, saying that thin models are ugly.'On fur: 'It is farmers who are nice to the cows and the pigs and then kill them. It's even more hypocritical than hunters. At least the hunters don't flatter the animals....I don't like that people butcher animals, but I don't like them to butcher humans either, which is apparently very popular in the world.'On children: 'They grow so fast, and having adult children makes you look 100 years old. I don't want that.'On sweatpants: 'Sweatpants are a sign of defeat. You lost control of your life so you bought some sweatpants.'On beauty: 'Life is not a beauty contest, some [ugly people] are great. What I hate is nasty, ugly people... the worst is ugly, short men. Women can be short, but for men it is impossible. It is something that they will not forgive in life... they are mean and they want to kill you.'On Heidi Klum: 'I don't know Heidi Klum. She was never known in France. Claudia Schiffer also doesn't know who she is.'On technology: ''The iPod is genius. I have 300.'On his legendary status: 'I've always known that I was made to live this way, that I would be this sort of legend.'On his career: 'My professional life is about forgetting. I make big efforts to forget. Not because I wasn't happy but because I have to find something else. I cannot stop at what I did.'On the use colour in fashion: 'Black, like white, is the best colour. They both look great with added colour touches like red.' On his journey: 'My fortune teller, when I was young, told me: "For you, it will start when it stops for the others". That is true.'On being superficial: 'I think I am a much more superficial person than you imagine.'On selfies: 'I don't do selfies. But other people do, and they all want to do selfies with me. No, no, no. Thank God, Sébastien, my assistant, he's mean to the people in the street, mean and rude. I'm a nice person.' On being an 'artist' : 'I'm a designer, I do photos, I do books, I'm a publisher, but I don't have the self-proclaimed label "artist." I hate that. Very pretentious. If other people say it, it's very flattering, but if you start to say it yourself, you better forget about it.' On wedding collections: 'Normally, I don't recommend me for wedding dresses - they all get a divorce.' On Coco Chanel: 'What I've done, Coco Chanel would never have done. She would have hated it.' - The World According to Karl, 2013.Watch: Cara Delevingne And Karl Lagerfeld Backstage At Chanel Spring Summer 2014| Grazia UK© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week is taking place in a city in flux. The shows roll on as the Brexit deadline looms and a no-deal outcome starts to look like a reality (a terrifying concept for the city's international fashion community ) and scores of school children took to the streets to protest climate change on an ironically warm day for mid-February.But what of the clothes? This season guests explore a new definition of sexy in the form of floor-scraping prairie dresses and a girlish reprise in the face of an austerity Britain with pearl hairclips and puffed-up velvet headbands. We've seen a quiet sense of luxury through a proliferation of a beige, taupe and tobacco toned palette. With the weather warming up, perhaps this might be the first opportunity to break out the more esoteric spring summer 19 trends that rely on a warmer climate, like tie-dye and Jacquemus-esque summer dresses.Arguably the most fascinating part of London Fashion Week and that with the most-far reaching impact doesn't happen behind the closed doors of shows, but out on the streets. As editors, stylists and influencers navigate the capital they do it in extraordinary style. Like a masterclass in putting together the trends, they experiment with the shapes, colours and textures they've seen on the runway out in real life. If art follows life, this is life following art. Here are the best looks we've seen at LFW so far...lfw aw19 steet style2of41© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One of the star attractions at the blockbuster Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams exhibition currently at London’s V&A, is the gown Princess Margaret wore to celebrate her 21st birthday. It’s a fairytale of a dress: exquisite, romantic, pure fantasy.So has Vanessa Kirby, the actress who made a whole new generation fall in love with Margaret on seasons one and two of The Crown, inherited any of her legendary sense of style? ‘Uhhh. Hmmm. I wish,’ she laughs backstage at the Hugo Boss show during New York Fashion Week (the only show she is attending; she is currently out in the city filming). ‘I’m so scruffy.’ A pair of crepe tracksuit bottoms are her current daily go-tos. ‘I just live in them, with polo necks and Converse. They’re really dirty. I don’t look after my clothes very well,’ she confesses.While ‘off-duty’ might be her preferred gear when it comes to getting dressed, Vanessa does understand that clothes can be a powerful tool for projecting our personalities. ‘Totally. And I learnt that really through The Crown more than anything else because I played a character who so believed in clothes representing her inner state and self, and I wasn’t like that [at the time]. She taught me as a character more about clothes than I had ever known before. She got me really inspired by it,’ says Vanessa. ‘She changed my perspective on clothes forever’.Working closely with The Crown’s costume designer, Michele Clapton, also taught Vanessa about the importance of a great fit which has translated beyond the screen. Case in point: the sleek, sharp black suit by Boss she is wearing today, which feels both timeless and thoroughly of the moment, elegant but relaxed. ‘I like more tailored, masculine pieces,’ says Vanessa. ‘Nothing too frilly’.It might surprise you to know that, despite cementing her position on the A-List, Vanessa admits she can still be struck down by big event nerves. ‘You can feel like a fraud. You feel like you’re not fashionable or cool,’ she confesses. Not that you would know it to look at her, and she says finding the right outfit – like the Boss suit – can help diminish nerves. ‘I try to go for the most casual option possible. Simple, chic, monochrome. I always feel comfortable in a suit,’ she says ‘You just know when you put it on’.So what fashion mistakes has Vanessa made? ‘Oh my god! Endless, endless, endless list,’ she exclaims, but a pair of white flares she shared with her sister and wore on repeat in her early teens (‘I’d be very possessive over them!’) bring back particularly uncomfortable memories. But they don’t sound so bad? ‘No, they were terrible! Because they were slightly too short, [and I would wear them] with a terrible, terrible studded belt’. Like they say, we all have skeletons in our – ahem – closets.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here is a question I ask myself every winter: how does one dress for a party when they feel the cold? Blame my grandmotherly circulation but, I get goosebumps just looking at my weather app in December. Unexpectedly, the answer arose during the London Fashion Week AW19 shows.Over the course of LFW, designers have been grappling with the untenable task of styling ensembles for RSVP-mandatory winter events. ALEXACHUNG advocated for a tights and polo neck approach (FYI they styled chokers over the turtlenecks, so no need to skip the accessories just because your clavicle is hidden). Meanwhile, Ashley Williams sent models down her runway with white tights, back taffeta gowns and a fleecy-scarf. Similarly, Molly Goddard's glorious tulle dresses came complete with tights wrapped scarves, tights and even balaclavas and leg-warmers. The coat-without-a-scarf trick caught on with House of Holland proposing the same tactic too.It may seem early to think about next winter's milestones - Christmas and New Year's Eve - but come the latter half of the year you'll be thankful to have LFW's AW19 take on below mercury party wear.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over the last three days of London Fashion Week something has come to my attention: there is a single shade dominating the capital and it’s universally flattering. Softer than black, warmer than white, you’d be hard-pressed to find a shade of brown that didn’t suit you.I’m as bored as anyone of people banging on about so-and-so being the new millennial pink, but honestly, Pantone couldn’t have been further than the truth when they predicted the dominance of living coral in 2019. A quick glance at show-goers of the AW19 shows wearing this year’s spring summer clothes and it’s abundantly obvious that to be on trend one has to wear a shade of terracotta. Be it a Tod’s tobacco, Jacquemus chocolate, a Chloé sand or a Loewe tan, the most style-forward individuals are layering their tones for tip-to-toe impact.Assembling an outfit is simple as all shades of brown more or less compliment another. Adding a jarring blue or a shot of neon, as Pernille Tiesbaek has tried, adds a hint of drama but a pair of coffee coloured trousers and an oatmeal jumper is equally impactful.Channel your inner Brownie and take a nod to the 70s with this infinitely wearable trend.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...And it's done. Over the course of the last seven days America's greatest fashion brands have showcased their AW19 designs to an incredibly well-dressed audience.Fresh from Couture,Copenhagen and Stockholm fashion weeks, the most stylish women in the world have descended on New York for the beginning of fashion month. Arguably a marathon, not a race, there are countless catwalk shows, soirees and presentations taking place across the Big Apple over the next week. In other words, expect an innumerable amount of expertly styled ensembles to drool over.Though NYFW arguably has a commercial edge, the past few years have seen more agenda setting designers, like Telfar and Batsheva, added to the schedule. While Marc Jacobs and Ralph Lauren remain the big draws for the establishment, the burgeoning mix of new contemporary brands certainly adds excitement to the occasion.This season the men’s and women’s wear calendars have been combined so we expect the street style to be turned up a notch. As guests zigzag from Brooklyn to Manhattan we predict that the most erudite will breathe life into this season’s more whimsical trends, like tie-dye and snakeskin as well as put their stamp on the burgeoning return of beige and caramel tones. While the weather veers between spring and polar vortex complete with snow and ice, showgoers won’t just have Big Apple traffic to contend with but a dynamic climate too. Hiking boots and faux fur coats at the ready, because this is how the experts do NYFW street style.New York Fashion Week AW19 Street style2of51© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Full-length dresses are everywhere, on the high street, on the red carpet and the catwalks but the biggest boost to this floor-grazing trend comes in the form of a new skirt shape.There’s nothing quite like New York Fashion Week during a sub-zero snowstorm to separate the fantasy trends from those that will actually catch on. We’d love to say next winter we’ll all be wearing Tomo Koizumi’s ruffled dresses, but realistically only Rihanna actually will. Meanwhile, the sensible, maxi skirts that have made their way down the autumn winter 19 catwalks of 3.1 Philip Lim, Hellessey, Brandon Maxwell, Gabriela Hearst, Kate Spade and Zimmermann in the Big Apple this week might just be that magical mix of newness and functionality that catches on.The influx of archive 90s imagery on Instagram of Gwyneth (Paltrow) and Kate (Moss) wearing the long lean shapes of early Prada set the foundation for the return of this ankle-skimming skirt. This was double downed on by Jacquemus’ SS19 collection and Marc Jacobs’ reissued grunge range that made a play to increase the cool factor of these longer lengths.In addition, Bella Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski have already begun wearing the trend, which is the surest sign that the item that this skirt length will catch on.Forgive me, for I always considered maxi skirts a little mumsy. But, the rise of mom jeans and dad trainers is enough to prove that any item with parental appeal actually amplifies the allure. With long dresses both prairie (like Batsheva’s) and prim (like The Vampire’s Wife) already on the agenda, this is the only natural conclusion.Hellessy, AW19.Brandon Maxwell, AW19.3.1 Philip Lim, AW19.Zimmermann, AW19.3.1 Philip Lim, AW19.Kate Spade, AW19.Tory Burch, AW19.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If the 14th of February was to be described in three words it would simply be: eat, pay, love (with emphasis on ‘pay’). Who knows what Saint Valentine - the man for whom this overblown affair is named after - would really think of the enforced gifting and compulsory cards that come with this holiday. Regardless of whether you’re in a relationship or have one eye on Grazia and another scrolling Bumble, this is one day when you can make yourself feel the very best. Self-love, self-care, whatever you want to call it, dress up to the nines or get snuggly in athleisure, because it’s the only way to survive Valentine’s day.If your evening revolves around a Galentines night out, might we suggest jeans and an Out-Out top, like Brock Collection’s ditsy print blouse. If you’re to be whisked away somewhere so special it requires a bathroom selfie, look to The Kooples who given their name know how to design date night dresses. We like ours with a Simone Rocha headband. For leaning against a bar, Mango’s slip skirt will pop when paired with Ganni’s twisted leopard print t-shirt. If you’re planning to skip the date entirely, why not treat yourself to a silky new nightgown and revel in the luxury of having the whole bed to yourselfOutfit Idea: Jeans And A Nice TopOutfit Idea: Jeans And A Nice TopOutfit Idea: Jeans And A Nice TopOutfit Idea: When Only A Dress Will DoOutfit Idea: When Only A Dress Will DoOutfit Idea: When Only A Dress Will DoOutfit Idea: When Cocktails Are On The AgendaOutfit Idea: When Cocktails Are On The AgendaOutfit Idea: When Cocktails Are On The AgendaOutfit Idea: Turn Up The Heat That Candlelit DinnerOutfit Idea: Turn Up The Heat That Candlelit DinnerOutfit Idea: Turn Up The Heat That Candlelit DinnerOutfit Idea: When You're Skipping The DateOutfit Idea: When You're Skipping The DateOutfit Idea: When You're Skipping The Date© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re entering the dawn of a new winter boots era. There was a time (circa the 80s) when tucking your trousers into your boots was the most natural thing to do. Then we on masse resigned our skin tight drain pipes to the back of our wardrobes and wider silhouettes ushered in the age of boots being hidden beneath swathes of fabric. The day has come again when the surest way to wow is to put those shoes back on show.Fresh from Copenhagen and Couture fashion week, editors and influencers have descended on New York for the latest slew of new season collections. As they turn the pavements of Manhattan and Brooklyn into a veritable catwalk its become abundantly clear that to refresh your wardrobe the 2019 way means tucking the hem of your trousers in a pair of boots. 'I've been experimenting with what trousers to tuck into high boots,' Rotate designer Thora Valdimars confided in us at Copenhagen fashion week. Her verdict: a tapered shape like a carrot top trouser or mom jeans make the perfect silhouette. In terms of shoes, she was far less fussy - knee-highs, cowboys, hiking or heeled all pass muster. 'I've been experimenting with what trousers to tuck into high boots,' Rotate designer Thora Valdimars confided in us at Copenhagen fashion week. Her verdict: a tapered shape like a carrot top trouser or mom jeans make the perfect silhouette. In terms of shoes, she was far less fussy - knee-highs, cowboys, hiking or heeled all pass muster. Insiders, like Xenia Adonts and Doina Ciobanu have been pursuing a leather-on-leather palette. It makes for a quite an eighties look, which is actually in keeping with the trends this spring. Meanwhile, those pursuing a more traditional take on this trend, should look the streets of the Big Apple where many are stuffing their straight legged jeans into knee-grazing boots. To ensure this trend feels innately 2019 (not 1989) step away from the skinny jeans. If this look reaches the mainstream, perhaps it will pull the spray-on silhouette back into the limelight with it, but until then, a roomier trouser looks endlessly more modern.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Finally, fashion is getting it. First Viktor & Rolf spelt out our internal mantra with a tulle dress decorated with the slogan ‘Sorry I’m Late I Didn’t Want To Come’ and now NYC brand Eckhaus Latta has created the shoes for that very mood.Models of all shapes, sizes, ethnicities and genders wore natty knitwear, tie-dye denim and a new shape of Uggs. We’re calling them the Going Out-Out Uggs. We’re assuming they were designed for those nights when you’d rather be in PJs and slippers and yet find yourself being dragged to the club. So every Friday evening then. While we wouldn’t normally think Ugg’s were club appropriate, these come with the addition of a chunky heel, which ironically is enough to pass the strictest of dress code measures at a Mayfair club.Since the Australian-turned-Californian brand collaborated with Y-Projects and created thigh-scraping boots (who can forget Rihanna wearing them) they’ve been on course to redefine their image. Gone is the Paris Hilton promo and mental association with hoards of spotty teenagers in shopping malls. The budding relationship with Eckhaus Latta is yet another gesture to show that Ugg is more than a fluffy beige boot. In fact, it's also a fluffy square-toed heeled mule now too.We expect to see Rihanna wearing these imminently.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You could read countless lists of fashion ‘dos’ and ‘don’ts’ and never come across the most germane: don’t bankrupt yourself to bankroll your wardrobe. It’s not worth it.We’re inundated with products – on our Instagram feeds and in magazines (Grazia included) – and the cost of the most desirable is rising. Retail search engine Lyst’s latest report on the state of the market concluded the hottest brands of 2018 were luxury labels (Gucci, followed by Off-White, Balenciaga, Moncler and Fendi) and the hottest products were an £800 bag and a £320 belt. While the most coveted brands and pieces maybe some of the most expensive, across all spectrums of the industry the price of clothes is rising – a report from last year blamed oil for scaling up the price of synthetic fabrics like polyester and rayon, as well as bad weather affecting cotton, increased import duties and the rent on bricks and mortar stores – but salaries are stagnating. You do the maths…it doesn’t look good for our overdraft.The first step is to set goals, advises Clare Francis, Barclay’s Director of Savings and Investments. Is there an item you want, a Vampire’s Wife dress perhaps? Or, a certain amount of cash you want to splash? Figure out what the drive is and then start the wheels turning on making a plan to find the dosh.‘Look at your daily spending and work out some changes you can make to save up enough to get those new season buys you’re after,’ recommends Clare. She suggests considering if you could make a simple switch like a cinema visit for a home movie or bringing in packed lunches and your own coffee from home. ‘What you save, move straight to a savings account so it’s out of temptations way,’ she adds.Saving isn’t always the salvation we want it to be, sometimes a side-hustle is the only answer. If your work-life balance is already off-kilter don’t add more heavy lifting to your days, instead, find a way to sell on what you don’t need to make room for the item you desire. Consider car boots the quickest way to make a speedy buck, while Depop, 1stdibs and eBay the more lucrative. Like the angel on our shoulder, Clare says, ‘remember a new season wardrobe doesn’t have to mean brand new clothes. Vintage, nearly-new and second-hand clothes can be picked up for a fraction of the price online.’It’s stating the bleeding obvious, but yet often forgotten, Clare says to, ‘to avoid falling into the trap of buying something on a whim, make sure you really want it before parting with your cash. Take some time to sleep on it, and you’ll see if you really want to buy it.’ One tip that’s worked for this author is never shopping online. The ease of delivery and the hassle of returns makes less than perfect goods seem worth their expenditure even if in the long run you’d rather still have that cold hard cash in your wallet. When crowdsourcing for expertise, a friend divulged that she doesn’t buy any clothes or cosmetics until the day before payday so she knows exactly what money she has available for luxury items.As a final thought, Clare muses, ‘Whilst it may feel like you have to have that item, it’s never worth the stress of then facing a bill you can’t pay further down the line. And, if you have to wait to get it, who knows? It might have been reduced.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With New York Fashion Week underway, the broad sidewalks of Manhattan have transformed into a veritable catwalk complete with the sound of yellow cabs honking as the soundtrack. While the autumn winter 19 shows may just be getting started one trend has already been spotted so many times we’re convinced it’s going to catch on.Each day as the street style pictures come streaming in one thing has become abundantly apparent: editors, influencers and models have a thing for Nanushka’s vegan leather puffer jacket. Regardless of the weather - sunshine or ice - this hip-length padded coat is fast becoming the biggest street style sensation this season. We’ve seen it paired with jeans and hair slides, headbands and polo necks. silk blouses and sunglasses and (in a longer length silhouette) with matching faux leather trousers.What is vegan leather, you may ask? Since everyone from Wagamama to Gregs have hopped on the vegan food bandwagon the fashion industry has rebranded faux leather as 'vegan'. Previously there was a stigma attached to pleather and PVC, suggesting that in its best iteration it was still sticky and cheap looking. But, vegan leather….it sounds supple and morally sound. The change in name reflects the advances in the quality of this synthetic material over the years. It’s now buttery, not stiff and the tanning process has improved, meaning the faux products look imperceptibly real.‘Nanushka's fabrics astonish me due to their high quality and finish,’ Lisa Aiken, fashion director at Moda Operandi once told Who What Wear, ‘’I particularly love its amazing vegan leathers that are machine washable at 30 degrees. It's great that there's a practical element there, meaning you can easily invest in a vegan leather shirt, dress or pants, and they're easy to maintain.’Best bit? The Nanushka jacket (£455) street style savants can’t get enough of is still in stock.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Instagram addicts (present and accounted for) will know that influencers are adroit at posing in doorways and lifts, take excellent food photography and always look polished, regardless of whether there’s a polar vortex or heatwave happening outside. We at Grazia started 2019 with one resolution: wear more than black trousers and a blazer to work. Our answer? Be more influencer! Channel the energy and enthusiasm in which these women navigate their corporate-social calendars.This week we’re looking to Grace Victory who adds colour to pinstripes and Pernille Tiesbaek who makes a beige palette pop with a neon addition. Meanwhile, we’re taking note of Deborah Brett’s roomy Roksanda bag (perfect for stowing an iPad and notebook) and Alyssa Coscarelli’s velvet headband, which is equal parts Princess Diana and Blair Waldorf i.e. perfect.Cheat, like us and copy these outfits this weekCredit: Instagram/@shhtephsCredit: Instagram/@pernilletiesbaekCredit: Instagram/@gracefvictoryCredit: Instagram/@deborahbrettCredit: Instagram/@alyssainthecity© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While there were several all-white looks on the BAFTAs red carpet this year, it was undoubtedly the new iteration of power shoulder that stole the show. From Margot Robbie's epic Chanel couture dress to Rachel Weisz's romantic Gucci gown, it was all about statement shoulder details. And it makes sense – oversized, dramatic shoulders, in all their forms, have long been associated with power dressing for women. Most notably, this translated to huge, padded shoulders in the tailoring of the 80s, associated with independent, working women attempting to infiltrate typically patriarchal workplaces. So, given that 2019 follows a year in which both the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements emerged, it makes sense that women would appropriate power dressing on their own terms.There was Rachel Weisz in her aforementioned Gucci gown, complete with tiered, frilled shoulders. And Margot's structured, tulle shoulders on her Chanel dress – perhaps a nod to the Elizabethan silhouettes we see her in as Elizabeth I in Mary Queen of Scots. Eleanor Tomlinson rocked an oversized bow on her asymmetric Ralph & Russo gown, while Amy Adams's bows were slightly smaller but no less of a statement on the shoulders of her Prada creation. Salma Hayek also chose Gucci, which was a velvet, one-shoulder affair, complete with a jewel-encrusted chameleon. And Millie Mackintosh opted for romantic ruffles that fell off her shoulders, designed for her by Halfpenny London. Cate Blanchett's Christopher Kane dress featured angular, futuristic shoulders that gave way to a a décolletage full of gemstones and the power of Regina King's shoulders lay in their simplicity – her Versace gown featured just two slips of fuchsia material on each shoulder.Lastly but by no means least, the Duchess of Cambridge rocked her own version of the power shoulder in the form of delicate white flowers adorning her one-shouldered Alexander McQueen gown. Forget the boxy silhouettes of the 1980s, 2019 has a new power shoulder – and is not afraid to use it.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hailey Baldwin, sorry Beiber, has been busy this week, giving both lessons in marriage and style. When she’s not in couples counselling with Justin, this model is pushing the fashion agenda. Recently, this meant elevating the humble, much judged tracksuit.Not loud and shiny, or flashy and logo-covered, Hailey’s was muted, flattering and looked undeniably soft. We're guessing it's cashmere and feels like butter to the touch. We don’t need to tell you the weather is unpleasant right now (just look out the window), it’s raining one minute and snowing the next, so any item that sparks hygge joy gets the seal of approval in our books. Yet, it’s more than this item’s reseblemence to pyjamas that appeals. By tapping into the SS19 trend for bougie beige and all its caramel, tabacco and khaki iterations, this luxe jogger set made a basic shade interesting.Our styling advice? Add polish to athleisure, like Bieber and her stylist Maeve Reilly have, with the addition of a structured coat and gilded jewellery.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The world is made up of two people: Gucci-level maximalists and the rest of us. For those that find plain colours and elegant simplicity appealing, Uniqlo’s latest collaboration is calling you.The Japanese retailer has handed the design reigns over to Christophe Lemaire once again to create a new line of elevated basics called Uniqlo U. The silhouettes are neutral and the fabrication maximizes on Uniqlo’s intelligence with Blocktech water repellent coatings and Heatech thermal insulation.This isn’t concept dressing, it’s simple pieces designed to weave in with your existing wardrobe. A trench coat is the most expensive item at £109.90 but there’s also simple tees and stiff trousers.It may seem like winter outside - biblical rain, check; frozen toes, check - but this isn’t a winter collection. The evidence is in the colour scheme, the vivid brights of pink and orange naturally lend themselves to next the summer months. Take this as your cue to introduce a spot of spring into your life.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Who can forget their first pair of Topshop jeans? Mine was the Jamie, which I wore until a hole on the top thigh transitioned from ‘Fashion’ to hypothermia risk. With the retailer selling a pair of jeans every five seconds (globally), it’s a widely accepted fact that their denim has a cult following. As of this very morning, they are introducing four new styles and we expect them to become household names just like the ‘Joni’, ‘Dree’ and ‘Mom’.The first from the new collection to drop was the £49 ‘Editor’ jean. This high-waist straight leg style that’s cropped to graze the top of an ankle boot has already racked up nearly 30,000 likes on Instagram. If the mass casualisation of the office dress code is anything to go by, we’re getting increasingly less tolerant of being told what to wear. What’s next, the drainpipe ‘influencer’ or the low-rise, stonewashed ‘IT Consultant’?Incredulity aside, the ‘Editor' we hear is selling like hotcakes, which makes sense as it’s the sort of inoffensive silhouette that can effortlessly accompany both Out-Out tops and natty cardigans.The ‘Editor’ is joined by the ‘Ballooned Boyfriend’, a slouchy tapered non-stretch jean; the ‘Slim Wide’, which fits more like a culotte; and the ‘Dad’, which has a mid-rise waist and two artfully ripped knees.‘Though the Jamie continues to take the top spot, we are excited to see our customers’ reactions to our four new fits,’ says Anthony Cuthbertson, Design Director, Topshop. ‘We’ve also expanded our library to include an 80’s acid wash for the new season, and focused on hem detailing and ripping across multiple silhouettes. This season denim jeans no longer feel like a staple used to complete a look, instead they take centre stage.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week lovers and style influencers, gather round: we've got some exciting news for you. This year for the London Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 2019 show, the Fashion Hong Kong will spotlight four distinctive leading Hong Kong designers, giving you the chance to get up-close and personal with four new innovative labels, as well as meet the brains behind the brands.Together, the designers will showcase Hong Kong’s avant-garde fashion creativity and collections in an intimate and interactive event including a presentation and cocktail reception in London on 15th February - and you're invited!Date: Friday 15 February 2019Time: 9:30pm - 10:30pm (Media preview starts at 8:30pm)Location: Central London, WC1. More information will be provided once you have secured your place.RSVP: Please email fashion_hongkong@wearevillage.com to secure your place.This year, the innovative brands and designers being showcased in London are: DORISKATH by Doris Kath Chan, HOUSE OF V by Cynthia Mak, LOOM LOOP by Polly Ho and YEUNG CHIN by Yeung Chin. You can discover more about them below...Known for it's elegant and unique designs, the brand DORISKATH was founded by Central Saint Martin’s graduate Doris Kath Chan. The collections include tailor-made evening dresses as well as custom-made party dresses.The brand's latest collection, dubbed "M.E.", represents an elaboration of the contrast between the imaginary projection and the real self, and features both feminine and masculine designs.Another Central Saint Martin’s graduate, Cynthia Mak, is the brainchild behind minimalistic brand HOUSE OF V. Her latest collection, "The New Winter Manual", is the first one launched after HOUSE OF V revamped to a Scandinavian-inspired lifestyle brand with a stronger touch of Hong Kong spirit.The collection was inspired by British artist Damien Hirst's iconic series of spot paintings, and thus features colourful round buttons in the designs to make the simple and minimalistic silhouette more dimensional.Up-and-coming designer Polly Ho founded LOOM LOOP with a strong emphasis on sustainable fashion and conservation of traditional craftsmanship. The brand lives and breaths the concept of retelling stories of the past in the present.LOOM LOOP's latest collection "Concrete Jungle" was inspired by a unique Chinese symbol, tiger, which Polly discovered in old-fashioned stall right next to a modern skyscraper in Hong Kong.Hong Kong Young Design Talent Special Mention Award winner Yeung Chin established his brand YEUNG CHIN in 2013. His collection "Utopia" was inspired by the controversial scenes in two military movies, The Night Porter and Red Sparrow, which shows different types of characters (think revolutionary youths, fugitives and criminals) all residing in confinement. The fashion collection aims to inspire audiences to question whether it's favourable to be controlled.For more information about the event and to keep up-to-date with Hong Kong Fashion news, follow their Instagram @hktdcfashionhk and visit their website here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sarah Jessica Parker in a tutu, four friends gossiping and cosmopolitans on the table…no this isn’t a rerun but the final instalment in Fendi’s #BaguetteFriendsForever campaign. Monopolizing on the current comeback trend for 90s ‘It’ bags, the Italian label is resurrecting the Baguette in all its kitschy glory.Back in 1997, Silvia Venturini Fendi designed the iconic accessory as an antidote to the era’s stark minimalism. The bag tantalized with the same craftsmanship the label used to create its glorious ready-to-wear. Trinket-y embroidery, fantastic beading and gem-like hardware secured the Baguette's cult-appeal without discounting its enduring practicality (it's easily tucked under the shoulder). Since its inception, this dainty arm candy has been regularly spotted under the crook of the arm of Jennifer Lopez, Madonna and (of course) SJP.Some 21-years later, Fendi is having a little fun with the handbag. A series of videos set in Shanghai, Hong Kong and New York starring influencers like Caro Daur, models and celebrities highlight the ultimate quest to find the perfect Baguette. The last video in the series drops today and stars SJP back in the Big Apple with her hands on one very exclusive bag.Watch the video below...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve watched their stories, we’ve stalked their feed and yet we know very little about what it’s really like to be an influencer. We imagine it’s non-stop glamour - first class flights to far-flung fashion weeks and a new luxury wardrobe delivered weekly. Likely, their days share more similarities with ours than we give them credit. Emails. Pret lunches. More emails. Meetings. Netflix in bed. The one difference? They always look immaculate.When Monday 9am calls and we’re planning to wear black trousers and a cashmere sweater for the 100th day in a row, we’ll be channelling Alyssa Coscarelli, Maria Bernad and Marie von Behrens instead. We’ll bench the ballet pumps and try a taupe snow boot when the weather’s dire. Give cardigans-as-a-top a go with a silk slip skirt and experiment with layering a patterned polo over a texture chocolate dress. These outfits have already proven their credentials on Instagram (just look at the Likes) and pass the work dress-code muster, so why not shamelessly copy them? At the very least it will reenergize your 9-to-5 hours.Credit: Instagram/@mvbCredit: Instagram/@maria_bernadCredit: Instagram/@juliannawildeCredit: Instagram/@majawyhCredit: Instagram/@alyssainthecity© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Moiré - roll it over your tongue, even the name of this rippled silk sounds luxurious. Derived from the French word for water, 'moirer', it’s a decadent fabric that’s taken on a rock’n’roll punch for spring.This season, designers from Marine Serre to Rotate are embracing the uniqueness of this silk. From mini-dresses with ballooning 80s sleeves to calf-length flares in an unapologetic lime green, the wave-like texture that organically spreads across this flocked fabric isn’t the only thing that makes this trend standout.In practice, moiré makes an outfit look instantly more expensive. In part, this is due no doubt to its long association with evening wear (in the Victorian age and earlier). Ironically, for SS19, this lustrous fabric is pulled into the daylight as it patterns Ellery ankle boots and H&M’s slouchy trousers.Influencers have been upping the ante by wearing the moiré with even more exuberant fabrics, like cashmere sweaters and faux fur coats. The interplay of excess injects excitement into February’s dark grey days. Watch as we wear ours with a Saks Potts Foxy coat and a Simone Rocha headband. Over the top for daylight hours? Never.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No need to sacrifice your principals for party dressing as Copenhagen’s Stine Goya has launched sustainably-sourced evening wear.‘[We] set ourselves the challenge to create a collection with sustainable materials that would match the materials we use and our followers have come to expect; to create something with our aesthetic vision in mind, whereby a customer with no knowledge of the collection's story could see and feel the garment and not feel any obvious difference,’ explains Stine, the creative director of her eponymous label.Traditional fabric sourcing was scrapped and replaced by imaginative alternatives. Sequined silk dresses, for instance, were woven from the cocoons of silkworms. A floral mini-dress with matching tights and knee-high boots was produced using a single digital printing process that doesn’t require water. The sequins, which smattered the collection were all recyclable or made from recycled materials and the buttons, which embellished and a handful of pieces were made from upcycled mineral shell powder.‘Initially it was a difficult process,’ adds Stine, ‘You would imagine that with sustainability being such an important topic globally, that these materials would be widely available, but for us it seems to remain more of a challenge to track down.’With a level of eco-consciousness achieved the brand could focus and design. For this Danish label, eveningwear means more than floor-length frocks. Ruffles acted like the connecting thread in the collection, bringing together one tiered galaxy-printed dress and other dusty pink sparkling gown as well as a striped a-symmetric frock flush with rainbow palettes.When asked about her favourite piece Stine was quick to say, ‘it's like choosing your favourite child, almost impossible!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If your fingers have muscle memory for your credit card and CCV numbers, then I assume you’re as addicted to online shopping as I am. There is one boutique that never lets me down, not for service, not for delivery and definitely not for edit. If I’m looking for a payday or pick-me-up purchase Matchesfashion.com (yes it’s a mouthful to say aloud) is the first tab I click on.There’s just one catch…it doesn’t come cheap. Prices may start at £9 but they go up to over £25,000 (not a mistype and yes that is the equivalent of a downpayment on a flat). Like a vintage shop, it requires time for rootling. Unless you’re feeling flush, I suggest start by sorting low-to-high (obviously). Faced with hundreds and hundreds of options, here are the 27 items I'll be taking into consideration this month...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ganni has become the unofficial uniform of the fashion community with the likes of Susie Lau, Leandra Medine and Lisa Aiken willing to drop everything and fly to Denmark to see the latest collection. Undoubtedly it’s their dresses that lure in most of their fans. Be they polka dot or floral, broderie anglaise or lurex, the label emits its synonymous with frocks. At Copenhagen Fashion Week, creative director Ditte Reffstrup said for autumn winter 19 she wanted to double down on their previous efforts and, ‘really go all out for the killer dresses. Mixing prints and references from near and far.’Referencing the collection’s name, ‘Life on Earth’, the opening look was a long-sleeve sequined frock decorated with a large, moody looking image of the globe. It was soon followed by a reboot of the band’s cult wrap dress, this season with a shorter hemline and in a moire silk or translated into a sleeveless waistcoat dress with a side tie. For evening a liquid silk black dress (teamed with wide leather trousers) was as appealing as a sequin sheaf worn over a denim button-down.Skirts, like the frocks, got shorter. Mini bubble skirts were aimed at the party crowd while a series of leather apron skirts made the case for daywear. On the topic of separates, there was an increased attention to shirts - designed to be worn beneath dresses and blazers. Perhaps Scandinavia’s colder climate dictated the design, but layering was a core component of this collection with leggings and polo necks, like the shirts, styled with the hero pieces of the range.Models walked out to the soundtrack of David Attenborough’s velvety voice discussing animal mating methods and a backdrop of photojournalist Ami Vitale’s reportage images. There was a conscious drive towards sustainability from Ganni who noted that the collection’s carbon footprint is being offset by carbon credits.To whet your appetite for autumn, here's the whole collection:Ganni aw192of32© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’ve ever wanted to dress like a scumbro (it’s a real fashion term I promise), then today is your lucky day, because Justin Bieber’s clothing collection is now available.It’s called Drew House, after Justin’s middle name, and virtually every item a variation of beige. If the baggy, neutral-toned, military aesthetic seems familiar, it’s probably because it looks a little like Kanye West’s Yeezy collections.Unlike Yeezy where a jumper can cost you around $220 (£168), the price range at House Of Drew is slightly more affordable with $48 (£37) T-Shirts and $128 hoodies (£98).What is it about these super slouchy unisex pieces that makes me want to buy them so much? And it’s not just me, since launch a number of products have sold out and some are backordered.According to the product descriptions (which are achingly millennial and worth a read even if you’re not buying), each item is ethically made in LA.While the ‘About Us’ page reads as if it was supposed to be edited before launch; ‘drew house is a place where you can be yourself. blah blah blah blahsdbksjdfhl wear like you don’t care. come chill. k. bye.’ The brand’s Instagram feed is more curated, communicating the brand’s chilled out millennial aesthetic with polaroids shots, branded slippers and group pictures of models wearing the clothes and looking effortlessly cool.Justin Bieber’s face is nowhere to be found on the site or Instagram feed, but he’s been doing some serious promo for the brand by wearing Drew House pieces, and inevitably getting papped in them as everyone continues to obsess over the details of his relationship with Hailey Bieber.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you found yourself procrastinating on the Zara website yesterday (like we were) you might have noticed that there was something different about the experience. The retailer didn’t just surprise us with a new collection but a whole new logo.Out went the sans-serif branding that has defined the brand since 2010 and in was ushered a new overlapping font. Advertising agency Baron & Baron redesigned the band’s insignia with more curvaceous lettering (similar to the Harpers Bazaar logo). It’s said that the agency’s artistic director and founder Fabien Baron is to thank for the new typography.This is only the second time in the 45-year history of the Spanish high street shop to update its branding. Previously the logo was defined by generous spacing and graphic letters free from any ornamental curves. This new iteration retains the capitlisation of the name but squeezes the letters together and adds articulated curves to the edge of the 'R' and accentuated serif to the 'Z' and 'A's of the four letter name. It has already been seeded out on the website and social media.Increasingly luxury labels from Burberry and Balenciaga to Saint Laurent and Rimowa are dropping their heavier serif logos for a starker, increasingly simplified branding. The redesigns are so similar and so spartan that this sea of change has been snarkily nicknamed ‘blanding’. However, the new logos make brand names easier to read and easier to transfer at scale onto all number of products and promotional material.For Zara, the result of so many brands opting for a logo similar to their prior design ultimately makes their update standout more.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The resurgence of the 90s has its ups and downs - The Spice Girls being a certifiable ‘up’ and crop tops a definitive ‘down’ (especially in this weather). With nostalgia in full swing, it was only matter of time before the bucket hat worked its way back into our lives.No doubt, the 10-year-challenge fueled our rekindling love affair with this headgear, but the seed was sown long before by Prada’s SS19 runway. A little more structured than Oasis’ floppy iterations back in the day, it's also a heck of a lot more upmarket. This season is all about the posh twist be it with Burberry’s signature tartan or in faux fur by Emma Brewin.Currently, streetwear and fashion have a symbiotic relationship, feeding each other. This is their love child. Their sporty-meets-street style emblem. Already adopted by Susie Lau and Rihanna, it’s only a matter of time before we can no longer resist the lure of a hat that’s wearable rain or shine.Bucket Hats2of6© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Once deemed an informal sports shoe that warranted no real fashion credentials, trainers have now firmly positioned themselves as a style staple in every woman's wardrobe. Our current love affair with them has no bounds, and we've seen them pop up everywhere from designer catwalks to business board-rooms, even reigning supreme over high heels.Having influences steeped in culture, music, sport and fashion, it's no secret that trainers can wield considerable power and versatility, often acting as the one key accessory that can tie an outfit together, both for casual and evening looks.The must-have trainer silhouette of the season - Nike's new Air Max Dia - boasts an airy aesthetic with a clean shape and elegant stack height. It was brought to life by a four-female footwear collective, made up of a designer, engineer, developer and product manager; a fact that draws us to them even more. The four dots on the heel of the trainers acts as a reminder that these four women brought the shoe to life.To celebrate the launch, we quizzed five trainer-obsessed women from London to find out what exactly it is they love so much about trainers, and how they'll be styling Nike Women’s newest silhouette this Spring…Credit: Photographer: Claire Arnold, Sulekha's Instagram: @suvercetti'For someone who's always moving and trying to get there comfortably and stylishly, trainers win every time' - Sawda.Nike air max dia - commercial grazia2of10'For someone who's always moving and trying to get there comfortably and stylishly, trainers win every time' - Sawda.'When it comes to my fashion style, comfort is key. There's nothing worse than looking great but not feeling it. In an outfit, there are certain pieces that can determine how you feel, and footwear is definitely one of them', says Sawda.'I'll wear trainers into the office because wearing smart shoes just isn't as comfortable for the rush hour commute. I'll wear trainers on the weekend because it's the weekend and what else am I supposed to wear? For someone who's always moving and trying to get there comfortably and stylishly, trainers win every time, so it's no surprise that my Nike Air Max Dia trainers get worn at every moment possible. They fit right into my busy lifestyle.'Trainers seal the deal in a look. I love knowing that my outfit has an immediate sense of style, quality and presence because of my trainers - and that's why they make me happy!''I want my outfits to be fashionable and practical, and trainers allow for this - they make everything so much more accessible' - Lienna.'Trainers allow for outfits to be stylish and practical by making everything so much more accessible. Although my go-to style is edgy and sexy, my number one priority is being comfortable and tasteful. You won't  catch me wearing a dress and heels - I'll be in a suit and trainers with a bumbag strapped across my chest,' Lienna admits.'The bolder the shoe I'm wearing, the happier I am. That's why the Nike Air Max Dia's really fit into my aesthetic - their low collar and big lift makes for a really modern, out-there look. The different colour-ways also means you can pair them with almost any outfit. 'This season, I'm styling my trainers with quirky socks. The deconstructed translucent Nexkin upper on the Nike Air Max Dia's allows for socks peek through, so you can really go wild with your sock-and-trainer styling combos.''I love being part of the trainer community, created and driven by people as passionate about shoes as I am - that really fuels my love for trainers' - Tian.'My style is minimal, street and sporty, and I opt for consistent palette of cuts and textures, complemented with a pop of colour. Trainers define athleisure, which resonates with me as I'm always active and raring to go. So when I slip on a pair in the morning, I feel ready for the day ahead,' says Tian.'I feel great knowing there's a whole group of people out there who are also into the trainer game - it's like a community that's created and driven by people as passionate about shoes as I am.'At the moment, I'm styling my trainers with cargo pants, puffer jackets, and a simple cropped tee - it makes for a laid-back vibe. On formal occasions, I'll dress up trainers with a jumpsuit, accompanied with minimalistic jewellery.''I've grown up wearing trainers all my life, I'm comfortable and content being in them, and that shows when I'm out and about' - Sulekha.'I've grown up wearing trainers all my life, I'm comfortable and content being in them and that shows when I'm out and about,' says Sulekha.'Usually I go to events like festivals where wearing trainers comes in handy, both in terms of style and practicality - I like the reassurance that my trainers won't let my ankles give in! Nobody would want to invest in an item that doesn't make them feel and look good, after all.'I'd define my style as tomboy-ish - I always wear Dickies trousers or mom jeans, paired with a graphic tee and faux fur coat. And of course, there's a trainer to complete every look I rock. My current favourite is the Nike Air Max Dia - these trainers are so lightweight and have been made with foam, making them really cushioned and comfortable.''To wear a trainer that I really like makes me feel confident in the way I walk and carry myself' - Jane.'Trainers are a staple in my wardrobe because they give me a streetwear edge that I just can't get with any other type of shoe,' Jane tells us.'When I wear trainers that I really like, I can't wait to show them off, and you can really see my confidence in the way that I walk and carry myself. I love to mix-and-match my trainer collection to my outfits, so if I'm wearing casual jeans, I'll go for a high-top trainer, or if I'm wearing flared denim, I'll opt for a chunkier trainer to match the silhouette.'I really love the thick, bubble design on the sole of my Nike Air Max Dia trainers. I'm quite short, so this design element gives me added height and confidence, whilst really highlighting the shoe in the biggest way possible.'Shop the Nike Air Max Dia trainers in-store and online at Nike for £94.95.Also, click here to join Nike at their store on Kings Road to celebrate the launch of the brand-new Air Max Dia. It will be an evening filled with complimentary manicures, refreshments and a live DJ, plus 20% off all products purchased with the Air Max Dia.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s easy to look at your wardrobe and feel fatigued by the mere thought of fathoming a new outfit for work. After all, it’s far to easy to reach for the failsafe (albeit total yawnsville) combination of black trousers and a blouse. These days there are less firm and fast rules around what’s inappropriate in the office. Bikinis and ballgowns are still off the table, but jeans and brightly patterned dresses have infiltrated this once suited and booted space.Considering that the divisions between work and life are about as hazy as Theresa May’s future, it’s really of no surprise that what we wear Monday to Friday looks remarkably close to our weekend wardrobe. For once, clarification is not necessary. Instead, we’re in the market for versatile clothes that do the job during 9-to-5 and can parlay effortlessly into Sunday brunch ready.Cosy jumpers and maxi dresses fit this bill, as do mules and blazers. But how to style them? Take note of these five influencers who have mastered the art of 7-day dressing.Credit: Instagram/@sarahsactualwardrobeworkwear 21.01.192of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘It’s never too early to think of next season’ is perhaps the most useful shopping advice for this time of year. They call this the transitional period when the clothes in-store are signalling summer but the weather outside is still very much winter. With icy streets, biblical rain and snow predicted, the most critical part of your weather armoury (umbrella and outerwear) is a hero piece that can take you from sleet to heat.If you’re still lacking in the winter coat department then seek out a silhouette that’s timeless and ticks spring summer 19’s trend boxes. For a jacket to carry you through to warmer weather look for lighter weights but roomy cuts (so you can stuff a sweater underneath) and something that can be robed around your shoulders or worn open when it is finally sunny.There is one thing we’re certain of in the UK and that’s inclement weather will strike whatever the season. They call them April showers, but we’ve seen them in June, August and September. So, ideally, a ‘joat’ (our nickname of those items that are neither just coat nor jacket) should also be waterproof or at least able to survive a light shower when you left your broody at home. A hood is a plus. Find one with working pockets and you’ve hit jackpot.We’ve done the joat research so you don’t have too...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...14th February is almost upon us and with it brings the age-old question: what the hell am I going to buy my Valentine? Or more importantly, what the hell is my Valentine going to buy me? Well fear not, we have compiled the ultimate Valentine’s gift guide of stuff we would be (really really) happy receiving. So, whether you use it for inspiration yourself, or sneakily forward it on, you are sure to find something your favourite person will love. Even if that’s you.Say it exactly how it is, with this excellent t-shirt that could be plucked straight out of a thrift store in LA. Valentine's Gift Guide 20192of21Say it exactly how it is, with this excellent t-shirt that could be plucked straight out of a thrift store in LA. Nautical homeware is always a winner. And an added bonus is that you can achieve that romantic tattoo aesthetic without going down the whole permanent inking route. Understate it with this perfect silkscreen – after all, you want to keep them on their toes.We would love to smell something other than clichéd rose this February and this pretty candle is perfect. Transport us to Mediterranean holidays (where we wish we really were) with notes of crushed fig leaves, vineyard peaches, coconut milk and raw cedarwood bark. The quickest route to our heart? Iced biscuits every time. And the chicer the better. Get thee to Fornums.Light up your valentine's life/house with this affordable neon. We love how a neon can transform your surroundings and can't think of a better excuse to treat ourselves to a heart one. Remember perfumed letters of the past? Scratch the surface of this hand-crafted note book and it will release Le Labo's gorgeous Santal 26. Just imagine what it could inspire you to write... Don't dismiss the humble tea towel – especially when it's this perfect pair from key Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama. Your kitchen will thank you for it.We are rather bubbled-out after December, so (pleeease) treat us to something a bit more unusual for our after dinner cocktails. Get straight to the point with quite possibly the cutest luggage tag ever. Imagine the sparks of joy every time you spot this beauty at baggage reclaim. All we really really want after a long day in the office on the 14th February is a long hot, gorgeously scented bath. So what better to buy for us than this indulgent bath cologne in Jo Loves' signature scent?! If anyone needs us, you know where to find us. This is a must for the photographer in your life. This new offering from Polaroid marries the retro printed picture with new technology. With remote trigger, manual mode and six new creative tools to really personalise those images, we can see we will be very busy snapping away on the 14th February. Available in gold or red, this mug will brighten their coffee breaks and make their kitchen look cooler in the process. Be warned: this is not one to lose in the sea of Sports Direct mugs in the office. Want to really surprise us? Ask us what our dream luxe scent would be and treat us to a gift box so we can fragrance-layer and smell like the person of our dreams. Remember when we used to make each other long old mixtapes? Well now you can re-live the past by popping the mixtape to your life on this USB stick. And even better, you can personalise it with anything you like. Consider us out of office for the forseable. We have a LOT of Smiths tracks to edit down. The ultimate Valentine's gift. A splurge yes but this is exactly the kind of gift we pray for but never receive. Until now that is…These love birds needn't be confined to the kitchen. They would look just as a perfect as a kitsch ornament in your love (bird)'s sitting room. A gift combining the crystal of love, rose quartz, with a scalp-stimulating (hair-health boosting) comb. Both gorgeous AND practical: imagine how pretty it will look in your #bathroomshelfie.We will gladly accept jewellery this Valentine's Day, and especially if it's this bracelet from Phoebe Coleman. Released just in time for the 14th, it would make us VERY happy. Not sure which fragrance to treat us to? We give you the Byredo limited edition Valentine set with 6 fresh 12ml scents. Perfect for popping in our bag whilst we are on the move. If you have time on your hands (and you'll need bags of it for this) then it doesn't get sweeter than a personalised present. This book is full of prompted pages that will allow you to become the author of your own love story. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Does the mere mention of Valentine’s Day make you sick to your stomach? Got a single best mate? Or are you in the lonely hearts club yourself? If the answer is yes to any of the above then look no further, my friend, for we have compiled the Anti-Valentines gift guide of dreams. Whether you are looking up to brighten up a friend’s day or, more importantly, your own, you will find the perfect antidote to Valentine’s Day in this gift guide.And obviously, if Valentine's Day is actually in your top 5 best days of the year, then don't forget to check out our guide to Valentine's Gifts For Her.Wear your heart on your sleeve with this cute pin badge. Anti-Valentine's Gift Guide 20191of19This iron on patch by Montreal indie designer Stay Home Club is the ultimate self-gift. Wear it with pride. You did your best and you survived. Tell the world the facts with this roomy tote. Make someone's 14th February that bit brighter (darker) with these delicious anti-valentine's biscuits. And think of the hours of fun you could have composing the messages… But who actually cares? Not us. That's who. If you manage to prize your fingers off this dreamy print then may we recommend it as a top gift choice this Anti-Valentines day. This beautifully scented candle is the perfect way to really get your point across when you need to be heard. As Ms Chung herself puts it: 'A wearable reminder that something is rarely worth doing if not done with feeling'. This is the perfect pick-me-up after a break up. And if you happen to be a Nick Cave fan then all the better.This award-winning gin hails from a man broken-hearted after the death of his best friend. For that story alone we think this makes an excellent anti-Valentine's gift. Cheers to friendship that lasts forever. This modern take on the traditional wooden Japanese Kokeshi friendship doll is an ideal present for a friend. And we especially love the badass women Lucie Kaas has crafted. Keep an eye out for our favourites, Frida Kahlo and Yayoi Kusama. Want to help lift someone's spirits this Anti-Valentine's Day? These beautifully scented organic products will certainly do that as they contain wild mint and mandarin which are proven to have an uplifting effect on the mind and body. Whether you gift this to yourself or someone else on Anti-Valentines day, what better time to fall hard in love with number one? Write these love letters to yourself to enjoy in years to come. That letter you always wished you'd received? Write it. Sometimes only 18kt gold will do. And for those days that veer between a no and a nope, this is by far the prettiest necklace we've found for expressing that.We realise we have featured two Mr Bingo products on this gift list, but who in the world better personifies Anti-Valentines Day than the man himself? This brilliant book contains lots of Mr Bingo's sweary abusive hate mail and will make you guffaw with every page turn. If you are gifting this then we highly recommend the personalised offensive message. We all need a little reminder from time-to-time of just how well we are doing, so why not pop this perfect screen print up on your wall or wrap it up for a friend who has made it through today?All we know is that broken heart or not, we need this luggage tag. In fact we may be broken hearted if we don't receive it. Take a little time to mull that one over.In the lonely hearts club and proud of it? Put it out there with this here sweat shirt of dreams. The French artist Sophie Calle is the ultimate anti-valentine. If you aren't familiar with her work then get to the shops immediately. Her stories of childhood, marriage, sex and death are funny, quirky and dark. Exactly what we need on this particular day. Wear your heart on your sleeve with this cute pin badge. Step away from the roses. Please. What we (really really) want on this Anti-Valentines day is something practical yet indulgent. Something that will look cool in our bathroom and we can use daily. That doesn't smell of roses. Look no further. Does what it says on the tin. This read will help remind you why being single is actually bloody brilliant. Enough said. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The modern bride now has plenty of options, especially those on a limited budget. Like ASOS and Whistles, French Connection’s latest wedding dress collection begs the question, why spend several months wages on one single gown when the high street caters so well to the price-conscious bride?Those looking for a traditional dress for their upcoming nuptials might find the Emilina dress appealing. With lace sleeves and a full-skirt, it’s an update on the Palermo gown, which was a bestseller from the retailer’s first bridal collection last year. While there are no cupcake gowns this season there is a slick column dress and a lace midi-dress with a fluted skirt and pockets that feel very contemporary.Bridesmaid aren't forgotten! In sorbet shades of raspberry, strawberry and lemon, this micro-range is designed to compliment the bridal wear. Each dress has hero details like floral embroidery, lace or bursts of beads.‘After such a positive reaction from customers towards our debut bridal collection from last year we’re delighted to be launching a second capsule for 2019. The essence of the collection retains its modern feminine French Connection identity, evolving the most popular designs,' 'Maria Chen, Creative Director at French Connection, explains.‘The Palermo dress from 2018 was a bestseller, indicating our customer loves intricate hand-embellishment and a classic bridal shape, the beautiful Emelina dress from 2019 brings a new element to this timeless design. The Clandre Vintage Jumpsuit is a favourite look from the new collection.’The first installment of French Connection's bridal range debuted last September and was (presumably) a resounding success considering the quick succession of this new collection. The lastest collection launches on the 18th of February, but keen brides-to-be can pre-order from 'The Wedding Shop' online from the 1st of February.french connection second bridal collection 2of14© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The luxury fashion conglomerate Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton is apparently in talks with Rihanna to create a luxury private label. After the high priestess of fashion (the nickname coined after the singer’s appearance at the Gala of the Met’s ‘Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination’ exhibition in a Martin Margiela mitre) shielded her eyes from paps with a pair of Fenty-engraved sunglasses, WWD reported that talks were underway.Facts on the ground are bare. ‘It is understood her collection with LVMH will span ready-to-wear, leather goods and accessories, and could be released in tandem with her ninth album, expected out sometime later this year,’ read the article.Likely, it will be called some variant of Robyn Rihanna Fenty’s surname (after all it’s the name of her current fashion line, lingerie range and make-up brand). Presumably, it will follow the rubric set out by Savage and her beauty line and be democratic, uninhibited by challenging the usual parameters that make the luxury world elitist. No doubt, it will also be ‘disruptive’ - another buzzword that follows the launch of every new Fenty venture. Will it disrupt the status quo with its production methods, its visual language or the styling of its launch? Only time will tell.A foray into ‘ready-to-wear’ is not uncharted territory for the good ship Rihanna. In fact, she’s been lending her name and talent to a fashion line since 2016. Presumably, the luxury arm of her business empire will dig deeper into the design codes she’s already experimented with. If so, expect gargantuan coats, princessy ballgowns and shoes likely to hold the same sell-out power as her Puma pastel fur slides.However, accessories are a new arena for Rihanna. She dipped her toe into footwear with a collaboration with Manolo Blahnik and fine jewellery with Chopard, but has yet to let her design prowess loose on eyewear, costume jewellery or handbags. Riffing on her personal style we half expect bags shrunk in size or transfigured into Jacquemus-style funhouse proportions, jewellery made for layering and sunglasses just like the pair that kickstarted this whole speculation game.It's said that the collection will be ‘released in tandem with her ninth album’ and if Anti suggest anything to go by, this could be delayed, delayed, delayed and then leaked.Rihanna is no stranger to being courted by the fashion industry. After years of sitting front row, the first time Rihanna did more than lend her presence to the luxury industry was in 2015 when she fronted a Dior sunglasses campaign. The following year she collaborated with Puma - a move that makes LVMH’s sniffing particularly unusual as the sports brand was owned by their arch rival Kering. By September 2017, Rihanna was back in the LVMH fold with the launch of Fenty Beauty in collaboration with Kendo (a subsidiary of the conglomerate).While many celebrities have tried to pivot their popularity into the sale of chic clothes, few have done with it the brevity of Rihanna. Those that successfully have - The Olsen’s The Row, Victoria Beckham’s namesake label and Kanye’s Yeezy - have had to forsake democracy for exclusivity, be that in limited availability or pricing that limits their customer base to a niche elite. People call the Barbadian singer a ‘disruptor’ for producing underwear for a range of body sizes and make-up for a large variety of skin tones. These sound like depressingly small steps, but in the larger context of celebrity brands this may have radically moved the needle. With 14 no1 singles on the Billboard 100 charts and over 67 million Instagram followers, the question remains, is this another string to LVMH’s bow or Rihanna’s?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Amidst Kondo-inspired clearouts and Instagrammable capsule wardrobes, it can feel like the tide is turning towards a more sustainable approach to fashion. We know that our appetite for fast fashion is damaging the planet, and it’s production methods exploit and abuse the workers it relies on.However, with our West-centred news cycle, it takes disasters like Rana Plaza (the eight-story Bangladeshi factory building collapsed in 2013 killing 1,134 and injuring thousands more), for news of the workers who make our clothes to hit the front pages. It’s therefore likely you may have missed recent reports that thousands of Bangladeshi factory workers have been striking for the past week in protest of fair wages.The protests began nearly two weeks ago in in Savar, a district outside the capital Dhaka that’s populated with garment factories, The Guardian reported. The demonstrations started in response to a government announcement confirming a pay rise for factory workers. Workers took to the streets claiming they hadn’t received a pay rise despite the supposed raise in minimum monthly wage from Tk 5,300 (approx £48) to Tk 8,000 (approx £73). According to The Guardian, police attempted to disperse crowds of protestors by firing rubber bullets and using both tear gas and water cannons, and one worker was killed.Textiles play a huge part in Bangladesh’s developing economy (set to become a middle income country by 2021) with 80% of its export earning coming from clothing sales abroad to major global such retailers. In total, Bangladesh’s 4,500 textile and clothing factories shipped more than $30bn worth of apparel last year, The Guardian stated.The booming Bangladesh textile industry is staffed primarily by female factory workers and while this has given many Bangladeshi women jobs and increased economic freedom, these protests demonstrate that the government and factory owners are not doing enough to ensure they are paid fairly for their work.For fast fashion consumers it's not as straightforward as stopping shopping but holding these companies responsible. “As a consumer, it's your responsibility to understand and know where your clothes comes from. While H&M or other fast-fashion retailers seem immutable, it's so desperately important that we hold them accountable, and follow the leadership of garment workers organizing for their rights and better working conditions in Bangladesh and across south and southeast Asia,” Hoda Katebi, a political fashion blogger, explained succinctly in a comment for US ELLE.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Roll up, roll up, the Haute Couture circus is in town. It may be the slowest, most intricate and hallowed method of producing clothes, but at the Dior Couture show in Paris, Marie Grazia Chiuri was having a little fun. After all, she staged the show in a circus tent and hired a troupe of acrobats to perform as the models wove their way down the catwalk.The clothes didn’t clown around. The 54-year-old couturier showed extravagant ring master tailoring, Marcel Marceau stripes, Pierrot’s ruff collar and a modern update on the commedia dell'arte harlequins. The references may be steeped in the past, but there was one very modern styling trick we’ll be walking into the future with: sheer socks and blinding shoes.Christmas season may be but a distant memory, but we’re not ones for mandating the sell-by date of sparkles. Instead, we’re planning to brighten up miserable January with bedazzled boots and Mary-Janes, just like Dior. Riffing on the theme of the show, the couture house showed ankle boots in gold, silver or decorated with red and black stars with Big Top stripes. Kitten heels worked to a 1940s brief as a glittering take on tap shoes. Our personal favourites, however, have to be the flats. With chunky soles and criss-cross straps, these low-shoes were still high on the glitter quota. We learnt that adding a pair of net socks instantly sucks the saccharine right out of this glitzy look.Our prediction? Alexa Chung will have first dibs on those flashy flats.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A time where we can wear sandals may feel like a million miles away but smart shoppers are getting in early to snap up one particular pair. Dune’s ‘Loupe’ sandal, arguably the most popular shoe of last summer, is back in stock.The flat slider styler that bares significant resemblance to a £490 Hermes pair had to be restocked an impressive six time last summer. It was the bestselling style for Dune in store and online every week from April until June 2018, and 'Loupe' was the most searched term on the Dune website, every week, from May to July 2018.Plus, the Dune website had a unprecedented influx of five star reviews with one customer claiming they were the 'perfect summer sandal'. High praise indeed.Featuring a cut-out design, contrast stitching and a low block heel, it’s no wonder the classic wear-with-anything sandal was such a hit. In fact, you could barely scroll through Instagram without spotting a fashion influencer sporting said style.Naturally, the footwear brand have bought the sellout sandal back for SS19. Fans of the much-loved black, tan and white leather styles will be glad to hear they’re making a return, and there’s set to be a whole selection of fresh new colourways too. These include bright hues such as tangerine orange and fuschia pink, as well as on-trend prints like leopard and snakeskin.Since the announcement in early January, the sandals have garnered a 3000 strong waiting list, and now they are available for purchase. Move fast if you want to get in on the action, they won’t stick around for long.Shop the sandals here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Everyone understands the vital importance of packing light for a getaway, and no one better than Marc Cain’s new artistic and design director Katja Konradi. For her freshman collection during Berlin Fashion Week, Konradi worked to the theme of train travel for autumn winter 19, conjuring up ideas of the perfect short haul wardrobe for every possible holiday scenario.Business trips abroad were accounted for with slick suits - in scarlet with slit-front trousers - or jumper dresses and knitted dresses for evening. City breaks translated into sneakers and wet slick trousers with a blazer for day and sheer shirts and patterned trousers for night. Ski holidays, for Marc Cain, look like puffa jackets and 70s knitwear, with hiking boots and shearling.‘Knit plays an essential role as this is the main theme and part of Marc Cain’s DNA,“ stated Konradi, in the press release. From attention-grabbing neon to zebra print and graphic patterns that take their cues from the Alpine slopes, it was the jumpers that told the colour and pattern story of the collection.For AW19, the brand has enlisted Suits actress Sarah Rafferty to co-design a collection of handbags. Called the ‘True Bag’ it’s a sharp top-handle leather tote available in aubergine, almond and black and is in keeping with the personal style of Rafferty’s character, Donna Paulsen, in the show that made Meghan Markle famous.With the backdrop of German’s main airports in Frankfurt, Hamburg, Munich and Dresden closed due to strikes on the day of the show, the nostalgia for genteel train travel evidently appeals. As does its prerequisite for an essential wardrobe, which, of course, includes a capacious tote like that designed by Rafferty. Consider Marc Cain the Marie Kondo of packing lists.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last summers languorous hot days feel like a distant memory as we look down at our chapped knuckles and see our breath making micro-clouds in the air. With the Beast from the East threatening snow this week it’s high time to get serious about the Alpine chill coming our way.Retro intarsia seems like a cliche, ski coats certainly look and feel like overkill on public transport, so what is a girl to wear to work? Faux fur is high on our agenda. Add structure to those cuddly coats with the addition of a blazer or a pencil skirt. For the feet, the only option is boots, obviously. Taking cues from the runways of Ganni and Proenza Schouler, hiking boots are a very modern alternative to the ankle boot. For fellow non-traditionalists, try a patterned knee-high or a cowboy boot.It will shock no one that the Scandinavian’s are masters at dressing for winter. So, look to influencers like Pernille Tiesbaek and Jeanette Madsen when inspiration fails. Well, that’s what we’ve done. Here are five outfits we are planning to copy from their cold weather playbook this week.Credit: Instagram/@pernilletiesbaekCredit: Instagram/@thepintorialistCredit: Instagram/@adakokosarCredit: Instagram/@_jeanettemadsen_Credit: Instagram/@pandorasykes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After Marie Kondo-ing our wardrobes we’ve been struck by how little joy we get from wearing all-black. After fighting a tough war against clutter we’ve been left with a handful of neutrals and a dauntingly bright selection of joy-sparking clothes. Luckily, our favourite street style savants must have had the same epiphany as they’ve begun wearing the most fantastically vivid colour combinations.Last year Pantone predicted that ‘ultra violet’ was the fantastic follow-up hue to millennial pink. It was a shade so dramatically future-facing it’s taken a full year for our favourite celebrities to integrate it into their lives.After Lady Gaga got the ball rolling at the Golden Globes in early January we’ve witnessed a non-stop parade of lilac from the likes of Cardi B, Khloe Kardashian and even Samuel L Jackson. It wasn’t long before the influencer set followed suit.But, lilac isn’t the only shade shaking things up this January. With fashion week on the horizon, we're expecting a slew of new unorthodox colour mash-ups to be the real conversation starters. Following the pattern already laid out by influencers and celebrities, violet will be the base shade teamed with everything from lime to neon and caramel to tan. Cardi B wore head-to-toe lavender with a mini lemon Birkin bag while Camille Charriere teamed her tie-dye lilac shorts with mustard.Scroll on to see how to style and shop these brand new colour pairings.Credit: Instagram/@trinekjaer_Credit: Instagram/@camillecharriereCredit: Instagram/@maria_bernad© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since we spotted Theo James in Divergent (hailed the new Hunger Games at the time), the actor has firmly been on our radar. Becoming the face of Hugo Boss in the same year the film was released, the world instantly fell in love with his beautiful accent and unbelievable jaw line.  And to save you from all the google stalking, we've done some extensive research and rounded up the top ten facts about the Hollywood actor.From his random Downton Abbey cameo to his work with the UNHCR for the Syrian refugee crisis, here's everything you need to know... "All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry , The Little Prince Follow (@theojames.daily) #theojamesA post shared by  Theo James (@theojamesofficial) on Nov 19, 2018 at 12:40pm PSTHe's British and was born and raised in Oxford, Oxfordshire.  On that note, we'll be rewatching the series imminently.   HUGO BOSS 🏆 ( @theojames.daily ) #theojamesA post shared by  Theo James (@theojamesofficial) on Sep 2, 2018 at 10:10am PDTHe once said: 'I know I often get a job because of how I look. I hope that I keep the job because of how I act'. We really don't recommend watching...He was lead singer and guitarist in band Shere Khan.  Unfortunately the band broke up back in 2012 as the members wanted to pursue other musical endeavours. Maybe we'll see him in a musical on the big screen one day?Skip to 1.07 for the glorious moment.Unfortunately, the film didn't get the best reviews.  another perfect rheo pic I can't get over❤ also does anyone know how old Ruth kearney is?? 😂 . .  #theojames #rheostory #ruthkearneyA post shared by  inactive (@theo4runner) on Oct 24, 2017 at 9:19am PDTHe married longtime girlfriend Ruth Kearney, an Irish actor. The couple began dating in 2009 after meeting at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and married in Chianti, Italy. In his piece for _GQ_ he talks about his own family migrating from Greece, saying:'What struck me, looking at that photo of my grandfather was how recent his journey had been and how quickly, a few generations on, the collective European memory has faded. It wasn’t that long ago that our grandparents and extended families were being forced to leave their homes and find safety in other countries.'He didn't use any stunt doubles. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was Virgil Abloh’s sophomore show as artistic director of Louis Vuitton’s menswear arm and the scene was set by the invite: a single, diamante glove in homage to Michael Jackson. Paris’ Tuileries gardens were transformed into a Manhattan Street for this extra special occasion. The clothes provided a discourse about how Abloh has shifted away from traditional ideas of streetwear and towards a narrative about America, expectations of masculinity and the progressivity of oversized accessories to weave a strong commercial story. All of that was very exciting, but there are only five reasons this Louis Vuitton production will be talked about today. Promise. Here are your crib notes on everything everyone cares about:In China, there is a phenomenon called 'little fresh meat'. It's as seedy as it sounds as it refers to a young generation of stars that embody a 'softer masculinity', they are 'well-groomed, boyish appearance with delicate elfin features'. In Europe, we simply call this the Louis Vuitton front row, which also included Mos Def, Naomi Campbell, Skepta and Frank Ocean. We can see our breath in the air and all we want is an oversized puffer coat. Thank God such a thing now exists. Jacquemus predicted it and now it's happened: the micro bag has been traded in by the style set for ginormous totes. The first to take the trend from runway to real life? Frank Ocean. Virgil Abloh's first season as Louis Vuitton's artistic director of menswear saw him initiate fluoro as a trend, now he's turned his sights to day-glo. Think Paris Hilton's collection of early 2000s handbags blown-up in size and coloured neon pink or high-vis yellow and you've got a high-definition image of this new accessory line-up. Did we mention they also glow-in-the-dark?If it wasn't enough for Dev Hynes to play live, Abloh also had rapper Sheck Wes walk and Alton Mason - P Diddy and Lil Kim's backing dancer - perform. Consider this a 360 music experience. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Brown - the whole spectrum from buttery sand to salty caramel - is perhaps the only trend from the spring summer 2019 collection that will genuinely impact your life. Not least because it’s the singular thread that ties the rest of the season’s trends together - it colours Dolce & Gabbana’s leopard print, it tones down Versace’s neon and it synthesizes the modern possibilities of Batsheva’s prairie dresses. And, if one was to walk into a Mango store right now they would be faced with wall-to-wall brown.Elegant and understated, brown is the oft-maligned sister of cream and cousin of black that’s been downplayed as ‘boring’ for too long. It’s simple when in a biscuity shade and lush when it veers towards orange. In basic terms, it’s the chicest thing to wear this season. It says you’re grown-up and sophisticated, yet modern and expensive. We’re sold.At Mango, an oatmeal blazer is a perfect counterpart to a mahogany skirt, while a pair of khaki cowboy boots is the ideal partner in crime to a cow print shirt and tortoiseshell bag. Unlike other colours, maxing out on brown is near impossible. Layer up the various iterations of this shade without fear. Make an impact by playing cinnamon against peanut, coffee against bronze and taupe against wheat.We’ve scoured the store to find you the very best from Mango this season. find our top picks below.£99.99, Mango.com£15.99, Mango.com£35.99, Mango.com£49.99, Mango.com£59.99, Mango.com£7.99, Mango.com£97.99, Mango.com£49.99, Mango.com£12.99, Mango.com£15.99, Mango.com£59.99, Mango.com£139.99, Mango.com£79.99, Mango.com£29.99, Mango.com£59.99, Mango.com£49.99, Mango.com£49.99, Mango.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Serena William's outfits on the tennis court have made the news on more than one occasion. Whether it was her one-of-a-kind Nike catsuit made to prevent blood clots from forming while she competed, something she suffered with after giving birth, or her fabulous tutu response when said catsuit was ridiculously banned at the French Open, her on-court outfits always come with more than just style.As she currently competes in the Australian Open, Serena has been proving this time and time again with an endless array of fabulous match outfits. Click through to see all of Serena's best looks from the last year...Credit: Getty ImagesSerena Williams Best Tennis Looks - Grazia (stacked)2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One of the worst things about moving flat last month – and that’s a move that involved woodworm, twelve harried phone calls to Virgin Media and three days with no central heating – was coming to terms with the state of wardrobe.Sifting through years’ worth of accumulated shopping errors is like taking a long, hard look at yourself in an unflatteringly fluoro-lit mirror. Some read tarot or tea leaves, but I think the true measure of a person’s psyche lies in the heap of crumpled clothes they can’t be arsed to put back on the hangers. Within every wardrobe, there are cautionary tales and lessons to be learned.For example, during last month’s mega cull, every single item bought with the caveat of 'if I lose a few pounds it'll be perfect!' ended up in the charity shop bag. Mostly with the tags still on. Ditto everything that fitted but was itchy or uncomfortable, and those clothes that are only wearable in the morning because they start to cut into you like cheesewire after lunch.Beautiful prints have overwhelmingly stayed. Anything sheer or requiring weird, awkward underwear has ended up in the 'chuck' pile. Vintage pieces have mostly been keepers – even if I haven’t worn them much, I still picture a time when I will – while Zara and H&M have mostly been nixed (toodles, unravelling hems and crackling polyester).There isn’t always a direct correlation between price and longevity. While it’s true that spenny things bought because I really loved them have generally won a place in my new wardrobe, expensive things bought out of any other emotion – boredom, PMS, inferiority, because the lady in the empty boutique said she liked my hair – have ended up as guilty cast-offs. Really there’s nothing like the flash of an unworn £200 sleeve in the back of your wardrobe to remind you that those friends who reply “doooooo itttttt!!” to every potential purchase are not always the personal shoppers you need.Reassuringly, even the professionals aren’t immune to buyer’s remorse. ‘I wish I’d learnt years ago to start collecting better pieces for my wardrobe,’ confesses Bethany Rowntree, Director of Studio B, an online treasure trove of independent brands with the motto ‘buy less, love more’. ‘I’d say the biggest [mistakes] are buying things on impulse that have caught my eye and I’ve instantly decided I have to have, but then actually don’t fit, don’t suit me, or I have nowhere to wear them to. Such as the Zara stripe sequin skirt that practically fell down when I caught the bouquet at my friend’s after-wedding party.’‘Also, why did I even need a separate after-wedding outfit?’When I ask people the main reasons for their unworn hoards, there are some recurring themes.‘I’ll fit into it one day!’ is depressingly common. As is ‘but the discount is so big I am basically making money!’ There are the emergency purchases, when we’re cold or hungover or we packed for a holiday at 4am in the dark. The mood-boosting purchases, when we’re feeling insecure – and, conversely, the confident purchases, where we’re all flame emoji in the changing room, but the fire is extinguished by the time we get home. The inner voice that tells us ‘step outside your comfort zone!’, drowned out later by the voice that says, ‘babe, no. You can’t pull that off.’And of course, there’s the returns laziness. The one-click ease of online shopping vs the soul-crushing trudge to the Post Office. There’s buying something you love, but have nothing to wear with (my mother operates a strict policy for this one – no purchase unless you can name three items it’ll go with that are already in your wardrobe), and the buying something you really don’t love in the mistaken belief it’ll be ‘useful’.And there’s the classic: buying for the life you want, not the life you have. Or in my case, the life of a sassy Disney Channel movie heroine who has just discovered she’s heir to the throne of a country called ‘Glittertopia’. The psychological root is as transparent as that mesh bodysuit in the back of your drawer with the tags still on. We buy the sequinned things and the slinky things because admitting we’re not really in a sequinny, slinky place in our lives anymore is just too sad.‘One of my favourite things in my wardrobe is a dress I've never worn outside the house,’ admits one Twitter follower, whose out-out dresses stay firmly in-in. ’But they do cheer me up. I have been known to throw on the most ridiculous ones just to do the housework.’Of course, we all know the best ways to absolve our wardrobe guilt. Donate stuff to charity shops, or clothes recycling bins, or sell them on re-sale sites like Vinted. Traid’s 23% campaign is aimed at encouraging Londoners to donate the 23 per cent of their clothes, on average, that are totally unworn. That’s approximately 123 million items languishing in the backs of the capital’s wardrobes – all because they’re an awkward length, or they never found the right shoes, or they wore it one time and somebody said it looked ‘a bit Christine Hamilton’.‘I think we need to learn how to mend our clothes,’ says Kate Richards, owner of ethical fashion boutique The Keep. ‘There’s so much wastage in the fashion industry, and we often chuck away something that could be easily mended, adjusted or embellished. Once you start to tap into the murky reality, and watch documentaries such as The True Cost, you begin to think differently about popping into those high street stores to quickly grab something “new”.’ She’s right, and especially as maintaining or altering old clothes is now almost as easy as a one-click purchase. Online tailoring services like The Clothes Doctor will pick up your knackered old items and deliver them back to your door looking like new.But how can we go one better, and stop ourselves buying the clothes we don’t wear before we buy them and don’t wear them?‘The biggest lesson is to be confident in your choices,’ says Bethany, who advocates a three-point ticklist: ‘Don’t buy something unless you know you can wear it multiple ways, is your style, AND you love it.’ Just like emotional eating, I’m beginning to think the trick is stopping to ask yourself why you’re reaching for your debit card – is it really about the dress, or is the dress a placebo? A placebo with slightly weird sleeves.‘Be realistic about how and where you mostly wear things,’ adds Bethany. ‘We all like to imagine we have a red carpet lifestyle, but let’s face it – a night out for me is the pub or dinner, and an occasion is a wedding.’ Which is not to say we shouldn’t buy the glitzy impulse items; perhaps we just need to weigh up how happy they’ll make us against how sad we’ll feel each time we see them lying at the bottom of the wardrobe.And if all else fails, try this. Before you punch your pin in, take a deep breath and visualise what it’ll be like the next time you move house. Trust me, it’s enough to make anyone a minimalist.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Prepare yourself, for next week temperatures in the UK, will drop to -5 Degrees as the ‘Beast from the East 2’ (otherwise known as the sequel nobody ever asked for) rears its ugly head. Just in time, Rihanna has given her seal of approval to the cosiest of footwear.The singer arrived at JFK airport in New York wearing a pair of classic camel-coloured Uggs. With temperatures set to plummet, now is the time to turn to the most combative of clothes - a ski jacket here, cashmere thermals there - and there is no denying this sheepskin bootie is ready to take on the most frigid of environments.First, it was Birkenstocks, then it was a Dior saddle bag and now it’s a pair of tan Uggs. Though aesthetically polarizing, no one can deny that the latter footwear fits neatly in with the trend for resurfacing polarizing fashion from the early 2000s.Rihanna showed her allegiance last April when she slipped on Y/Project’s thigh-high Uggs for Coachella. Glenn Martens, Y/ Project’s creative director told Vogue that those high-rise boots were like, 'putting your foot in a warm pot of butter, and I thought why not elevate that and immerse your full legs!' If anything the mid-calf pair Rihanna wore through the airport is a comparatively tame iteration.Uggs are the quintessential victim of their own success. First time around, they were so popular that they became ubiquitous with everyone from mums on the school run to Kate Moss. It was death by overexposure. Fashion delights in subversion, in championing the least trendy thing they can think of (dad sneakers are a prime example) and with mass casualisation sweeping through the industry (how else do you explain the rise of athleisure and the demise of ties and office dress codes?) this squishy Californian shoe has never felt more appropriate. Especially with a brutal weather front is threatening© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s pretty easy to get into the habit of wearing the same five things to work every week... A simple pair of black trousers and a rotating selection of muted sweaters. We’re guilty as charged, too. But, right now, it’s pay review season, which means:In other words, we need to step it up a notch. Ditch the uniform and find a series of outfits that spell out how seriously you take your career. Behold, five outfits that require minimum effort but deliver maximum polish. Nabbing inspiration from editors Pernille Tiesbaek and Katherine Ormerod, we’ve managed to create a series of outfit concepts ripe for every office eventuality. For freelancers looking to step it up a notch during terse contract negotiations, try smart, stiff, indigo double-denim. For budding creatives attempting to impress, invest in tartan trousers and lace-up ankle boots. If your profession requires a suit, look to Mango who have reinvigorated skirts suits for the season.Ahead is everything you need to step up your 9.to-5 wardrobe.Credit: Instagram/@hannastefanssonCredit: Instagram/tylaurenCredit: Instagram/@katherine_omerodCredit: Instagram/@atlantabeanCredit: Instagram/@pernilletiesbaek© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Step away from the sales rail and meet the most electric shade of 2019 (so far). ’Really into green these days’, Kendall Jenner captioned an image on Instagram after wearing the same fluoro shade several days in a row. During these long dark days of winter, who can blame her? This nuclear neon colour is sure to brighten any room (even a pitch-black one). really into green these days 💚 Happy New Year!A post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jan 1, 2019 at 11:00am PSTChemically engineered shades were all over the SS19 catwalks - ‘Off-White’, Prada, Ashish, Ashley Williams etc - and have already been seen on a host of celebrities (see: Blake Lively and Kim Kardashian). Naturally, this mood-altering shade is already trickling down to the high street.For the uninitiated, this wicked bright green can be intimidating, but Grazia’s Shopping Editor Sophie Henderson assures that anyone can ease it into their wardrobe. ‘The way to take neon out of the rave and into the realms of wearability is by pairing it with muted shades and structured shades,’ she explains. After all, Kendall herself wore her I.Am.Gia Stabilo green corset top with black, albeit spray-on tight, high-shine latex trousers. 2019 quotes: ‘Green lime is the new black’A post shared by  María Bernad (@maria_bernad) on Jan 10, 2019 at 4:52am PSTAnother way to take the acid out of neon is to, ‘pair your one bold piece with rich navy, tobacco brown or deep burgundy. Opt for oversized shapes in tailored pieces and you’ll instantly elevate any shade of fluoro,’ reckons Sophie. Stylist Maria Bernard has already started experimenting with this technique. Capturing a picture of her Shrimps Antonia bag in a phosphorescence shade of green with a pair of taupe By Far boots, she wrote: '2019 quotes: "Green lime is the new black"'If you’re ready to give this blindingly bright shade a go, we have some options for you…© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To say that the spring summer 19 trends should come with a (credit card) warning is an understatement. For next summer most the key looks we have come to love will be irrelevant (sorry) and new, fresh ideas will take their place. Animal print and the brown palette that’s everywhere right now remains alluring, but it’s matched by a new relaxed coolness that’s a little more undone and multicoloured. This means tie-dye takes a seat at the table alongside pedal pushers, and our personal favourite comeback trend, the big bag. Yes, ladies, we can say goodbye to the obessesion with impractical micro bags as gargantuan totes have returned!As ever, New York Fashion Week was the first stop on the four-month, four-city, two-continent merry-go-round that is fashion month. It saw Rodarte and Proenza Schouler return to the schedule, a late-but-great Marc Jacobs show and Rihanna doing what she does best (AKA disrupting the status quo) with a Fenty show that included heavily pregnant models.At London Fashion Week a looming Brexit didn’t overshadow the capital’s designers. If anything, it made them bolder and braver. A neon tide splashed over House of Holland while wallpaper prints made waves at Richard Quinn, meanwhile, Riccardo Tisci made his debut at Burberry with a collection that we’re summing at as ‘bad and bourgeoisie’. Why? Because he used the codes of elegance - a subtle palette and sharp tailoring - with a soupçon of irony (see: duck taped heels and maroon passport holder accessories).Italy had managed to lose one of its big-draw shows, Gucci, to Paris Fashion Week, but this did nothing to deter the Milan loyalists from presenting their normal quotient of glamour (courtesy of Dolce & Gabbana and its diverse cast, Fendi’s luxe ‘functional’ clothing and Prada’s tie-dye dresses with plush headbands).By the time the SS19 shows started in Paris, the hype around Hedi Slimane’s first collection as creative director of Celine (not Céline) had hit fever pitch. His debut may have had a marmite effect on insiders, but one thing everyone agreed on was how marvellous Chanel’s out of office message was. Alongside Jacquemus and Chloé, Karl Lagerfeld got (nearly) everyone in a holiday mindset. When we say nearly, we mean not Givenchy, Miu Miu or Gucci who presented tights and top-to-toe leather suits for a spring and summer season. Madness? Possibly, but then when is fashion not a little esoteric?For those looking to ground themselves in the only spring trends to know, then look no further than our ultimate SS19 trend reportCredit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Jacquemus, Chanel, Chloe, Sonia Rykiel, Salvatore FerragmoSet the OOO on for spring summer 2018 as we're heading to the beach club. Think of this as boho for 2018 (meaning more PC than it's early naughties iteration). More haute than Love Island, the swimsuit (both bikini and one-piece) was on the agenda at Jacquemus who referenced the Italian Riviera and Chanel who built a beach in the centre of Paris (complete with a wave machine). All the seaside accruement, like beach hats, straw bags, sarongs and even flip-flops gain relevance too. The latter of which displaced other sandal trends at Molly Goddard, Acne Studios and Chloé.Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Proenza Schouler, R13, Isabel Marant, Eckhaus Latta, MSGM, Ashley Williams, Stella McCartneyBetween Stella McCartney and MSGM, the spring summer 19 catwalks weren't short of tie-dye, but it was more than the gnarly patterns that made us think of the counterculture desire to 'turn on, tune in, drop out'. With Brett Kavanaugh's senatorial nomination playing in the background, the urge to turn off the constant buzz of social media and slack off was felt across the catwalk spectrum, especially with Calvin Klein's homage to Jaws 2, which came out amongst the climate of 1970s paranoia. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Burberry, Max Mara, Richard Quinn, Chanel, Emilia Wickstead, Balenciaga, Marta Jakubowski, HermesFrom oatmeal to chocolate, brown in its many variations was internationally agreed on as a key colour for SS19. Of course, at Fendi, Hermes and Max Mara this was expected, but at Burberry and Balmain it came as a bit of a surprise. Alongside this new tonal trend came a new mood to match, one that plays with the fantasy of how we imagine the monied to dress. Meaning skirt suits and housecoats, subtle jewellery and exquisite textures.Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Dolce & Gabbana, Balenciaga, Off-White, Louis Vuitton____, Erdem, Simone Rocha, Burberry, Ashley Williams, Matty Bovan, Richard QuinnAfter years of minimalism, we're living through a print renaissance. Winter's leopard print has the volume turned up at Giambattista Vali and Richard Quinn while florals (it's spring, duh) become less ladylike and more chaotic. Between the glamorous bouquets at Dolce & Gabbana and the hypnotic blooms at Alexander McQueen there was one thing all these patterns had in common…a more-is-more mentality. Follow Burberry's lead and match your polka dot blouse and skirt to your equally dotty shoes. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Miu Miu____, Balenciaga, Celine, Marc Jacobs____, Marine Serre, Givenchy, Gucci, Valentino, HermesIt's getting hot in here, but don't take off all your clothes because next summer the temperature may be rising but Marc Jacobs and a coterie of labels recommend layering up. Tights, ankle boots and leather tailoring may not sound like natural spring or summer trends, but enough designers have agreed otherwise. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Miu Miu, Prada, Erdem, Saint Laurent, Moschino, Chanel, Ashley Williams, Celine, Erdem, Simone RochaIf 2018 was the year of the statement earring, then 2019 will be the era of headwear. With Bill Cunningham's memoir, Fashion Climbing, about his years as a milliner out this autumn it was very apt that every sort of possible variation - from face nets (Celine and Erdem) to headbands (Miu Miu and Prada) to even straw baseball caps (Chanel) - found their way to the SS19 runways. As the saying goes 'you're never fully dressed without a hat'. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Ryan Lo, Roksanda, Brock Collection, Miu Miu, Celine, Emilia Wickstead, Erdem, Giambattista Valli, Moschino, Celine, BurberryBows of every size and shape were by far the most feminine and likely the most prolific of all the SS19 trends. Attached to hair at Emilia Wickstead and the front of dresses at Celine, they acted in a practical sense as closures at Roksanda and Rejina Pyo. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Alexander McQueen, Elie Saab, Givenchy, Jacquemus, Molly Goddard, Saint Laurent, Louis Vuitton Following on from last season's 1980s trend, designers continued to explore the decade with inspiration that gave us Studio 54 and Dynasty for SS19. Come spring and summer's wedding season opt for a one-shoulder dress to be in-keeping with Molly Goddard, Saint Laurent and Jacquemus. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Marc Jacobs, Brandon Maxwell, ALEXACHUNG, Alexander McQueen, Chanel, Erdem, Etro, Givenchy, Gucci, Max Mara, Carolina HerreraLa La Land lemon is all very well, but this incoming spring it's a rich yellowy gold that strikes a more zesty note. So-called Aspen gold because this tone is a byword for luxury, hence why everyone from Chanel to Brandon Maxwell, Etro and Gucci are banking on its appeal. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Givenchy, Sacai, Asai, Fendi, Hermes, Sies Marjan, Stella McCartney, Alberta Ferretti, Marine SerreThere is no getting away from the cargo pant come spring. Be it low and grungy (Asai) or elegant (Givenchy), the preoccupation with a modern take on All Saint's favourite trouser peaked at Marine Serre when transformed into a dress with every conceivable pocket possible. Make space in your wardrobe as this trend is both practical and pleasing.Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: Victoria Beckham____, Proenza Schouler, Matty Bovan, Rejina Pyo, Jacquemus, Jil Sander, Hermes, LoeweSay 'buh-bye' to micro bags and make room for the monstrously huge handbags. At Victoria Beckham they are so big the weight needs to be carried on the hip, at Proenza Schouler Ikea-sized mega totes lolled off the shoulder while at Jacquemus the mega straw bag displaced the label's famous La Bomba sunhat in the supersized stakes. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: ALEXACHUNG, Alyx, Proenza Schouler, Tibi, Alexander McQueen, Louis VuittonA cohort of designers - Proenza Schouler, Louis Vuitton and Alexander McQueen included - sent waistcoats down the runway. At ALEXACHUNG they were buttoned-up and worn with matching trousers, as if a matching blazer had just been ditched. Balenziaga's black leather waistcoat was cinched by a belt while Tibi's was nearer an oversize blazer and worn loose. Credit: ShutterstockAs seen at: CALVINKLEIN205W39C, Celine, Marc Jacobs, Miu Miu, Tod's, Christian DiorOn the topic of tailoring, the blazer, which has become a mainstay of most women's on- and off-duty wardrobes increases in relevance for SS19. Oversized is best, as seen at Marc Jacobs, but slim-fit, like that at Miu Miu and Christian Dior, is just as entrancing. Credit: ShutterstockAlongside the grand conceptual trends, were micro-moments that deserve attention too. Our personal favourites? Token tees, like that picked up in museum gift shops, waist-cinching belts (Brock Collection to Chanel, Fendi to Balmain), ruched tulle and ra-ra ruffles. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bra sizes are the absolute Kevin McAllister of our wardrobes. Just like Macauley Culkin’s character in Home Alone 1 through to 5, our cups, A, through to L, are so often left behind, to calamitous effect.When was the last time you had a blow-dry? Ok, then, a haircut? Your nails done? A bikini wax? I asked a group of friends about how regularly they maintain various parts of their bodies, and while one piped up to extol the wonders of an earwax removal, only two out of eight of us considered a bra fitting as something to do regularly. The consensus was, we all sort-of know our size already, don’t we? As if boobs were like feet - not how they look in the movies, and rarely changing size.The common advice we hear from companies who, admittedly, make a lot of money from selling underwear, is to get our bra size measured annually. But ardent non-followers of this tenet, as well as me and my friends, include Rita Ora, who recently uploaded a bikini selfie to Instagram. In the photo, the bra part of her outfit barely covers her boobs, and she knows it. The caption reads: ‘I think I need to figure out my bra size 😂’.If Rita Ora has no idea of her bra size, I doubt I’m going to be able to work it out, no matter how helpful the speculation on on CelebrityInside.com (34B), CompareCeleb.com (32B) and, um, ActressBraSize.com (32C) might seem. What I will say, though, is that getting re-fitted for a bra has done wonders for me and if you’ve been putting it off, don’t.Up until a couple of weeks ago, the last time I got fitted for a bra was about a decade ago, when I wanted something to go under my neon American Apparel hoodies, to keep me supported as I danced to Black Eyed Peas’ I Got A Feeling. A lot has changed since 2009, including my body, but my bra size, pretty much, has stuck.Lazy, apprehensive that a bra fitting involved showing a stranger my tits (it doesn’t, you keep your current bra on) and not putting my body first, I guessed my bra size myself every now and then, using online guides to help me out. The result was at least five years of backache, bras digging into my sides and creeping up my back. I convinced myself, in a sort of feminist self-own, that all these painful, annoying side effects, were just part of the tyranny of bras. Bras, designed by The Man, were meant to be horrible to wear. The more agony you withstood during the day, the sweeter they felt to remove, right?Wrong. Half an hour in a cubicle at M&S, trying on a bunch of different bras, under the guidance of a sensitive, yet hands-off bra fitter, I went from a 34B to a 34DD. I don’t say this to boast - the legend of the double dee is for another article - I say it to point out just how wrong I’d got it. No wonder my bra was hurting me.Now I wear bras so big and so comfortable that if I started scrawling on them all their benefits, even in tiny handwriting, I’d run out of space. In short: my posture has improved, I feel more confident in my clothes and I no longer experience daily pain because of my bra.‘82% of ladies we have fitted are in the wrong size,’ Julia Mercer, an M&S technical manager and bra fit expert, tells Grazia: ‘The most common thing that ladies get wrong is the underband [the circumference of your ribcage, under your boobs], which is normally too large. The second most common mistake is a cup too small.’ So a woman convinced she’s a 34B might actually be a 32C.It’s all very well hearing from companies keen to sell us bras that a bra fitting can change our lives, but what about a medical expert? After all, this isn’t just a clothing issue, this is a body issue. Abi Henderson, a professional adviser with the Chartered Society of Physiotheraphy, explains to Grazia: ‘Wearing an unsupportive bra can cause problems such as back pain, it affects your posture, it can make you slump over much more, it can give you neck and shoulder pain and also it gives you premature breast sagging.’The worst part of this, Henderson says, is the posture bit: ‘It leads to mechanical problems with function you’re getting pain from structures stressed by slouching or slumping.’Translation: pain, in your bones and muscles, that are having to work overtime in places they’re not meant to work overtime. Bad posture has also been linked to tiredness, bad moods and poor digestion. Of course our modern world brings us plenty of other opportunities to develop bad posture - hunching over a phone has been linked to issues with our lungs - but that’s all the more reason to get this one aspect right.‘When you’re trying on a bra,’ Henderson explains, ‘You should try them on for five minutes to assess the comfort and fit. You need to put your arms up and down and have a little jump to see if your bra and breasts stay in place. If there is spillage you’ll need to reassess.You then need to put your top back on and see if the bra is holding you well. If your bra fits well, it should be snug under your breast, but not tight. The hooks are there for a reason!‘Also make sure that when you position your breasts you are manually putting them there, you’re not dragging your top over your breasts. The centrepiece of your underwire should sit flat against your chest and the rest of your wire should rest against your body, there shouldn’t be any gaps. If you’re in any doubt go to a professional fitter and they’ll be able to assess.'How often should we do this? Henderson agrees with the one-year rule, adding ‘Things like pregnancy will change your shape and size, as will weight fluctuations.’As for sports bras, ‘If you’re a smaller size, use compression bras to press the breast against the chest wall and minimise that bounce. If you’re bigger, use encapsulation bras and they’ll support each breast within a cup.’This might all sound like tits to you, but I’m concerned that as department stores’ fortunes sag as prematurely as my boobs did in that ill-fitting bra, bra-fitters are going to become a thing of the past. The result will be more women in ill-fitting bras, with aches and pains and all the other side effects that simply don’t need to exist.We can, and do, buy lingerie online all we like. Some etailers, such as Rihanna’s Savage x Fenty, come with a pretty user-friendly bra-fitting chart. And M&S provides an online size guide for the 23% of women they say will never use a face-to-face measuring service. But, to me, nothing beats having a range of bras to try, and a kind, patient, trained bra-fitter guiding you, personally, through different sizes, asking what feels good, if you feel supported and comfortable. That’s something you can’t get online. Which ever way you’d like to get measured, though, if you’re serious about your health, wellbeing and comfort, we simply can’t afford to leave bra size in the shade anymore.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Officially, according to the stores, spring-summer fashion is happening now. Obviously, no one told them that the Beast From The East is making a comeback this month. Needless to say, we’re living in disbelief at this transitional weather…is that snow or sunshine? The question on our lips: ‘will we freeze to death if we have our ankles out?’While you ask yourself to coat or not to coat, H&M’s sister brand Arket has all the answers. Currently, there’s an appealing array of light knits (look for ‘cotton’ on the label) that will take you from the deep depths of winter into the long warm days of early summer. Try and resist the ‘trendy’ prints by heading off the urge with wide-leg trousers and mini skirts that are replacing 2018’s proliferation of midi skirts and maxi dresses. However, if the latter still appeals, look no further than their orange t-shirt dress which is a vibrant dose of vitamin A designed to brighten even the greyest of days. There are boots to get you through the upcoming snow days and one pair of heeled sandals that will serve you well for summer weddings and nights on the razz.Remortgaging a house isn’t necessary as Arket follows the H&M school of democratic pricing. Reals stiff denim jeans cost less than £60 and striking knitwear is less than £100. While the high street should be approached with caution, this store swims above the trends and delivers on the pieces that have longevity well beyond their season - check out that tartan coat for evidence.Here’s what we’re putting in our basket…© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Princess Charlotte is a style icon in her own right, and probably has a designer wardrobe to compete with the likes of Cara Delevingne. Her clear-cut style and outfit choices set trends, and the clothing she wears tends to sell out in seconds. But there's one odd thing that we've noticed about this royal's style that we're quite frankly perplexed over: the fact that Charlotte has never been spotted at a public outing wearing shorts or trousers.The three-year-old has been papped thousands of times in different outfits, and not once has she been spotted donning something other than a dress or skirt - even in chilly weather. Surely there's plenty of stylish trousers and cute shorts that Charlotte can don, right? So we can't help but wonder, is this royal protocol, or just Kate Middleton's personal style preference?Well, we've done our research, and we can confirm that there are no royal rules about girls not being allowed to wear trousers per se, although it does seem to be tradition for them to wear dresses in public. Old photos of royals as children, like Princess Anne and Queen Elizabeth II confirm this, with their feature of smocked dresses and bonnets. Meanwhile, the young men were always dressed in shorts, while trousers were reserved for teenagers and men.So if it's not royal protocol, then the choice for Charlotte to wear only dresses when she's in public must simply be formality. Compared to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle who are a less traditional in their approach to royal life, Prince William and Kate are much more conforming, and their children's fashion sense confirms this.In addition to this preference, Kate likes to dress Charlotte in matching, colour-coordinated outfits - think a blue dress teamed with a matching bow clip and dainty blue shoes. Mother and daughter have even been known to dress like twins on occasion - something which sparked the 'mini me' dressing trend.We have to point out that Charlotte was spotted wearing shorts once, when she was playing with her brother George, but this wasn't necessarily deemed as a public outing. This leads us to believe that when in the confines of her own home, Charlotte is free to wear all the trousers, shorts and leggings that her heart desires. Phew.Even when she's doing a spot of impromptu gardening - in high heels, no less.theres only one kate middleton - slider2of37Even when she's doing a spot of impromptu gardening - in high heels, no less.Speaking of which, Kate can beat everyone at volleyball while wearing towering wedges… She also has a competitive streak – especially when she's playing against Prince William.Or this meet-and-greet. Kudos.And she looks great whichever hairstyle she's chosen, whether it's the grown-out fringe…It's no wonder that she's also mastered the fine art of the hair flick. She's got a great eye for high street bargains - she's been spotted in pieces from Topshop, Reiss, Zara and Whistles.Her red carpet game is unrivalled…As is her maternity style…And her royal wave is always on point.In fact, she never looks less than a model of elegance and grace…And while she may be royal, she's not afraid to get over-involved in a game of tennis. She's the perfect ambassador for British designers, regularly seen in pieces by Erdem, Temperley and Emilia Wickstead.She's a total pro when it comes to styling out potentially awkward photo opportunities...Kate throws herself into everything she does, whether it's a drumming session (look at those jazz hands...) Or the first royal trip to Diagon Alley (it's Levi-OH-sa, not Levi-oh-SAR).She has her own waxwork doppelganger at Madam Tussauds (though Wills' looks more like Tony Blair) …Not to mention her own Lego wedding scene...And she's also the proud owner of this huge rubber duck.Her hair is straight out of a shampoo commercial…A classy up-do…Long loose waves…or her current shoulder length chop.She can also do 'side-eye' like no one else. She might be one of the most photographed women in the world, but she's not averse to recycling a good outfit.Here's just one of many examples...She's married to the second in line to the throne, but still does her own make-up. She made Harry Styles feel star struck…And held her own when she just happened to bump into Beyoncé at a basketball game.Her McQueen wedding dress changed bridal fashion forever…But most importantly, who else would get a bank holiday on their wedding day?The entire country comes to a standstill when we're awaiting news of a royal baby…And pictures of her with George and Charlotte never fail to warm our hearts.Kate loves stepping behind the lens, too – she snapped the first official pictures of Princess Charlotte, rather than using a famous photographer.She's dedicated to charity work, supporting charities like Action on Addiction, the Art Room and Place2Be.She loves twinning with Princess Charlotte which makes us smile. She loves a good tennis match, and even took sister-in-law Meghan along to Wimbledon in 2018. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Boohoo has been criticized by UK watchdog, the Advertising Standards Authority, for flouting regulations. The ASA indicted the online retailer for marketing a pompom jumper as ‘faux’ when it was, in fact, real - most likely rabbit - fur.Animal welfare charity, Human Society International, purchased the product and sent samples to an independent laboratory for testing. Like a headband by Amazon’s Zacharia Jewelers, which is also fingered in the ASA’s ruling for being sold as fake but is in fact real fur, the HSI confirmed the Boohoo jumper contained animal hair.‘Consumers should be able to trust the ads they see and hear – and they certainly shouldn’t be misled into buying a faux fur product in good conscience only for it to turn out to be from a real animal,’ the Guardian reports Miles Lockwood, the ASA’s director of complaints, said.‘That’s not just misleading; it can also be deeply upsetting. Our rulings serve as an important notice to retailers and the clothing and textile industry about the need for truthfulness in their claims around faux fur products, and to get their house in order or face further action.’In response, Boohoo said, ‘We have a strong commitment against the sale of real fur in any of our products. We have robust policies and procedures in place to ensure that we are able to adhere to this.‘Following the inquiry by HSI the item has been removed from sale. We continue to investigate the matter internally and with the supplier in question, as a matter of priority.’Last year, the HSI investigated a high street wide problem of customers unwittingly being sold animal fur despite the products being advertised as synthetic. Amazon, Groupon and TK Maxx were all caught selling real fur. Sky News embarked on a similar inquiry and revealed House of Fraser and Missguided were also guilty of the same misstep.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just how kind are your clothes to the environment? The facts make for sober reading. The fashion and textiles industry, after all, is the second most polluting after oil, according to the United Nations Environment Programme. This doesn’t, however, mean that consumers don’t care. On the contrary, research published recently by inRiver, a product information management company, found that 69 per cent of the British population would be more likely to purchase a product if there was clear information detailing its environmental impact, 60 per cent of buyers would reconsider returning purchases if transparency was increased and 47 per cent would pay more for upcycled products.If you’re nodding along, but feeling a little at sea when it comes to hopping on the sustainable bandwagon, here’s a list of some brands who have already taking huge leaps and bounds in the sphere. Happy shopping. Neon tones. Our Rio Branco Gravel Black and our Rio Branco Ultraviolet are made out of hexamesh (70% organic cotton - 30% recycled PET), leather, suede, jersey of recycled polyester and wild rubber from the Amazonian forest. Available on veja.store. #veja #vejariobrancoA post shared by  VEJA (@veja) on Jul 13, 2019 at 9:00am PDTThe Duchess of Sussex is a fan - and you will be too once you hear the roll call of Veja’s sustainable and ethical credentials. Founded in 2005, it buys agro-ecological cotton and rubber directly from family producers in Brazil, signing one to three year contracts to guarantee income, its logistics workers are part of Atelier Sans Frontieres, an organisation promoting the professional integration of people who have been excluded from the labour market, and it’s the first trainer brand to use B-mesh, a fabric made entirely from recycled plastic bottles. It has also purchased 195 tons of wild rubber, to preserve 120,000 hectares of the Amazon rainforest, since 2004. I’m celebrating World Oceans Day #withfarfetch ! This day is a super important reminder to prioritize sustainability. For example, I’m wearing Reformation swimwear made from ECONYL — a fibre generated from waste. Shop similar styles in my story🌊A post shared by  imani (@champagnemani) on Jun 8, 2019 at 5:01am PDTReformation is as dedicated to sustainability as it is to making Insta hit after Insta hit. Its RefScale tracks its environmental footprint - adding up the pounds of carbon dioxide emitted, gallons of water used and pounds of waste generated - so that the company can then offset those resources. In the last quarter it protected 1,000 acres of the Amazon Rainforest from deforestation and contributed 27 million gallons of freshwater to critically dewatered rivers and wetlands in California. International shipping is now free - and totally offset, naturally. Resting beach face 😁 #weareallbirdsA post shared by  Allbirds (@allbirds) on Jun 8, 2019 at 8:21am PDTThis New Zealand sneaker brand’s mantra - ‘Light on your feet, easy on the planet,’ tells you all you need to know. The trainers - made from superfine merino wool, processed using 60% less energy than materials used in synthetic shoes, tencel lyocell, which uses 95% less water than cotton and sugarcane, a renewable resource transformed into Allbirds’s SweetFoam soles - really do feel like clouds for your feet. It also takes its carbon footprint seriously - good news for a shoe label - and is a 100% carbon neutral business. This is how we do leopard print, digitally printed on sustainably sourced viscose. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ •⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ •⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ •⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ #MotherofPearl #sustainablefashion #womensfashion #fashionourfutureA post shared by  Mother of Pearl (@motherofpearl) on Jul 22, 2019 at 4:30am PDTMother of Pearl isn’t just committed to making sustainable clothes, it also cares deeply about its company culture reflecting its ethos. It has a vegetarian lunch scheme for staff, with produce sourced from local producers via Farmdrop, the office itself runs on green energy and it even uses toilet paper from Who Gives A Crap, a charity who donates 50% of its profits to improving sanitation in the developing world. Its newest drop comes splashed with leopard spots that have been digitally printed on sustainably sourced viscose. N.A.P 💤 @peonyswimwear X @netaporter #NETSUSTAIN 🎞 On the Blog, link in bio 🍬A post shared by  OLIVE ROSE COOKE. (@olivecooke) on Jul 9, 2019 at 3:32am PDTThis Aussie brand’s latest swim collection has just dropped on Net-a-Porter, joining the website’s NET SUSTAIN section, and has prettily printed bikinis and swimsuits made largely from econyl, nylon that has been regenerated from abandoned fishing nets and nylon waste. All its fabrications also meet the Oeko-Tex Standard 100, the highest certifiable standard for ensuring responsible use of chemicals during the fabric construction. bold shapes. the denim wide leg jean in khaki brown, available exclusively at bassike.com, paired with our stripe original sailor t.shirt in organic jersey and leather hiker sandals. #bassike #winter19A post shared by  bassike (@bassike) on Jul 18, 2019 at 3:01am PDTThe Aussie brand Bassike, founded in 2006, already has some impressive stats under its (pleasingly minimal) belt. Its organic cotton jersey was developed and is made in Melbourne with 95% certified organic fibres, which biodegrade and are produced without pesticides, it donates past season samples to a company that turns them into cleaning rags and its paper and cardboard packaging is 100% recyclable and biodegradable. Made from net and available on #NETSUSTAIN. 🐠 We’re thrilled to be a part of @netaporter’s new vertical Net Sustain - a platform dedicated to brands that are driven to make luxury fashion more sustainable. Check out our story to learn more. #FISCH #netaporter #sustainablefashion #econylA post shared by  FISCH (@fisch.swim) on Jun 18, 2019 at 12:56pm PDTFisch’s eco-credentials are as on-point as its scoop-backed, squared-necked cossies. They’re made out of Italian econyl, a 100% regenerated nylon fibre created from fishing nets and other types of nylon waste, which is woven in Lombardy, Italy. #ELVDenim as seen in 'Bright Things' by @dazed - a spotlight on sustainable fashion ⚡⚡ Available at @theofficialselfridges or tap to shop ⚡⚡A post shared by  E.L.V.  DENIM (@elvdenim) on Jul 22, 2019 at 11:47am PDTThe denim sector of the fashion and textiles industry is one of the worst culprits in terms of sustainability because of the amount of water and chemicals involved in the dyeing and production processes. Each pair of zero-waste ELV jeans, however, is made from two pairs of discarded jeans that would otherwise end up in landfill and are produced in a 5-mile radius between Dalston and Walthamstow. @graciehartzel in the RE/DONE | Levi's High Rise Loose #shopredone #myredonesA post shared by  RE/DONE (@shopredone) on Jul 20, 2019 at 12:03pm PDTAs its name suggests, the LA-based Re/Done is all about making something new out of something old. That ‘something old’ is previously worn Levi’s jeans that are hand-picked and hand-cut in limited quantities. The result is the perfect straight jeans, bell bottoms and ankle crops. Meet Sophie of @sophiejameswine. Bay Area local, co-owner of Sophie James Wine, and jumpsuit extraordinaire. We asked Sophie to style the Linen Jumpsuit in three ways to fit her busy life. From farming on the vineyard to hosting dinner parties—check out our story to see Sophie’s Linen Jumpsuit looks.A post shared by  Everlane (@everlane) on May 24, 2019 at 9:22am PDTEverlane, the San Francisco-based start-up that proves sustainable clothes don’t have to cost the earth, has a simple mission statement: ‘radial transparency’. It has extensive information about each of its ethical factories online - from the loafer factory in Brescia, Italy, to the knitting factory in Fujian, China - and lists where every single garment was made, and from what materials, in the product information. Imagine a future that’s made to be remade. . The adidas by @StellaMcCartney Infinite Hoodie. A 100% recyclable concept created in collaboration with @EVRNU. . Coming to your future soon. Worn by @garbimuguruza #aSMC #HereToCreateA post shared by  adidas (@adidas) on Jul 5, 2019 at 11:05am PDTNo luxury label has made bigger waves in the sustainable fashion market than Stella McCartney. Some of her latest performance wear experiments under the adidas by Stella McCartney umbrella involve the ‘Infinite Hoodie’ - 100 per cent recyclable and created with advanced textile innovation company Evrnu from garment waste - and the biodegradable ‘Biofabric Tennis Dress’, made in partnership with Bolt Threads, a company specialising in bioengineered sustainable fabrics and fibres. While neither is being put into production, both prototypes prove that closed loop clothing is not only possible, but desirable. Watch this space - and shop her sportswear made from recycled polyester and sock trainers made with Parley, an organisation working to put the future of our oceans in the hands of consumers, in the meantime. We call this look Bank-Holiday-Girl-About-Town #dressbetter #naturallinen #sustainablefashion #ethicalfashionA post shared by  Ninety Percent (@ninety_percent) on May 3, 2019 at 2:35am PDTNinety Percent does exactly what it says on the tin, donating 90% of its profits, and has a platform on its website that allows customers to vote for their chosen cause after making a purchase. Its materials are strictly sourced from reputable suppliers, and features a lot of tencel, a fabric made from renewable wood pulp in a closed loop system.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Back to work we go. Let’s make the most of the fresh start by sharpening up our at-work persona.If last week was a test-run where half the office was still wallowing in their NYE hangovers then today the practice wheels come off. The sweats come off and the suit goes on.Whether you’re a freelancer or desk-bound, the past decade has been marked by a shift in professional attire. For men, ties and blazers are no longer de rigueur, but ironically, for women, the latter is increasingly favoured. Along with this sartorial move, the choice of colours, patterns and silhouettes has widened. Arguably an elasticated waistband (obviously, dependent on fabrication) is acceptable in nearly every profession - that’s how far we’ve come.Fashion has its muses and more and often its influencers, those fashion-forward Instagram-driven creatures that make styling effortless ensembles look as easy as breathing and blinking. Let them lead your wardrobe choices this January. If they say layer a turtleneck under a shirt, do it. If they suggest leggings and a blazer, don’t think twice. Sooner or later the high street and high-flying brands will be copying them too.Credit: Instagram/@nausheensha£13.99, Shein.co.uk£19, Whistles.com£49.99, Mango.comCredit: Instagram/@celineaagaard£1097, Farfetch.com£179, Net-A-Porter.com£125, Uterque.comCredit: Instagram/@sarahruhtson£343, Farfetch.com£309, Net-A-Poter.com£259, Stories.comCredit: Instagram/@nycbambi£39.95, Gap.co.uk£45, Arket.com£78, Thefrankieshop.comCredit: Instagram/@stephaniebroek£125, Stories.com£25, Topshop.com£24.99, Hm.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As we hurtle into mid-January (can you believe it), there’s never been a better time to embrace the new year, new wardrobe mantra. But, when it comes to shopping it’s all well and good to want and save for the must-have item, but that won’t get you dressed on a cold Monday morning. Right now, Topshop has a laser-like focus on the foundation items - think straight leg jeans, talking-point blouses and plain sweatshirts - that will be the building blocks of your 2019 wardrobe.The phrase ‘foundation’ pieces is so easily misleading, left to our own devices we’d read it as seasonless staples. In fact, these are the pieces that need to be updated on the reg to keep up with the trends. Having the right shape of jeans or the shade of skirt nods, albeit in a subtle way, to the mood of the moment.Approach Topshop with a shopping list and you’ll be met with ease and a new outfit for under 100 bucks. Hurrah. Lift your denim drawer with a new pair of stiff jeans in indigo or a light stonewash. Inject some energy into your shirts with a new leopard print blouse, which just so happens to be the perfect partner for those indigo jeans. Add a do-everything dress to your basket and a pair of day-to-night heels as well as satin midi skirt and click purchase without regrets.£26, Topshop.com£29, Topshop.com£10, Topshop.com£32, Topshop.com£49, Topshop.com£29, Topshop.com£36, Topshop.com£40, Topshop.com£35, Topshop.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a well-read New York Times article by American author Ann Patchett titled ‘My Year of No Shopping’ in which she explains the process of not buying clothing, electronics or gifts for a whole year. She used beauty products she found under her sink, gave books as presents and only bought new essentials once she’d run out of what she had.She made the decision to stop shopping after a meeting with a friend who was wearing a gorgeous coat, when asked about the coat the friend replied nonchalantly ‘I bought it at the end of my no-shopping year.’I wish I could say I was half as disciplined as Patchett, or that my no-shopping inspiration was as glamourous as hers. I gave up buying clothes, shoes and accessories for a year, but still bought gifts, beauty products and books.It all started halfway through January 2018 when I realised I hadn’t bought any clothes so far that year - and I had an ambitious savings goal to reach by 2019. Using spending tracker Money Dashboard which categorises your purchases, I looked down the list of things I was spending money on; food, appearance, bills, entertainment, holidays etc., and decided clothing would be easiest sub-category to eliminate completely.It’s important to note three things; first of all, like Patchett, I have been a Christian since childhood and so am very used to giving things up or fasting for designated periods; not just during lent but at other times of the year too – a month of vegetarianism here, a social media hiatus there, a season without a drop of caffeine and so on.Second, I abhor in-store shopping and avoid it at all costs – you will not catch me rifling through the sales racks in the basement of Oxford Street Topshop nor fingering the fabric at Cos in Knightsbridge, neither high nor low end entices me if I shop it’s online, so walking past shops isn’t a temptation for me.Third, the ability to decide to stop shopping for a year is indicative of my privilege. It’s a luxury to have so many things to wear that you can just not buy anything at all for a whole year, and still have adequate items in reserve to wear to all different kinds of occasions.What surprised me the most about not shopping for a year was how easy it was.To provide some context, I was mainly an event-specific shopper – the type of person who has a friend’s birthday party coming up and so buys something new the week before to wear to it, often without really looking at what she has already. I rarely browsed online for fun, choosing instead to buy pieces for specific occasions on the horizon; typically ordering three outfits online, wearing one and keeping the others for the next occasion. I bought online from ASOS mainly, sometimes Missguided or Zara, making roughly an order a month for a few new items.The first step in making not shopping a reality was to organise what I already had. For me, wardrobe clear outs and trips to the charity shop were an almost monthly occurrence, but in 2018 I got serious about making sure I knew exactly what was where. I split all my folded clothes into work, going out, occasion wear and holiday wear in different sections of my wardrobe, so that it was easy to find what I needed fast.I’d estimate that I got rid of about 30% of my clothes in 2018, when you’re spending more time looking in your wardrobe for something to wear, you notice the pieces you keep skipping past and those are the items that serve you no longer. I thanked them for their service, Marie Kondo style, and let them go so they could spark joy for someone else.Once I’d made the decision not to shop, dressing got so much easier. Stressing over what to wear on an evening out with friends that weekend – including the next day delivery panic buy, manic run round the shops after work and expensive impulse purchase after seeing an Instagram ad – were a thing of the past.I would stand in front of my wardrobe look at everything in the going out section, sometimes I’d take all those items out of the wardrobe and put the options on the bed, and then filter by what suited the occasion, what fit my body at that time of the month, and (more often than I’d like to admit) what that group of friends hadn’t seen in a while, select something, try it on and hang it up ready for the occasion. Another one 🌹A post shared by  Phoebe Parke (@phoebeparke) on Jan 13, 2018 at 2:37pm PSTLimiting your options is an unnatural and daunting concept, but it’s actually very freeing. If there are only 20 possible dresses to choose from, instead of the billion in all the shops in all the world, then the decision-making process is a billion times easier.It’s like Obama said; ‘You’ll see I wear only gray or blue suits. I’m trying to pare down decisions. I don’t want to make decisions about what I’m eating or wearing. Because I have too many other decisions to make.’ And he makes much more important decisions than I do.However, it wasn’t all plain sailing, of course there were times, especially later in the year, when I looked at those same old piles of clothes and thought; ‘Lord, do I really have to wear these tired old outfits again?!’ I looked at people wearing new trends - like those leopard print slip skirts everyone sashayed around in this summer and longed to feel one against my legs! But it just motivated me to dig deeper in my own closet and see if I had anything similar, and what did I find? Plenty of slip dresses, printed maxi skirts and even a zebra print wrap dress, so I sashayed in those instead, and felt just fine. Still swaying from this boat trip with @manu_atelier in Istanbul! 🇹🇷 ✨#ManusPeopleSummer2018A post shared by  Phoebe Parke (@phoebeparke) on Jul 18, 2018 at 11:51pm PDTThen there’s the paranoia; I was convinced people were noticing that I wasn’t wearing anything new and that someone would pull me aside and ask if I was ok, and the irrational thought kept popping into my head that if I kept wearing the same clothes they would start to unravel, my shoe leather would give way, and I’d have to start patching up the holes with a sewing kit. No such thing happened.I did however develop a few coping mechanisms for when the going got tough.I rearranged my clothes all the timeI’m obsessed with Instagram accounts like @thehomeedit and follow more professional closet organisers than I’d like to admit, but I never have enough space at home to execute their elaborate systems – there are always clothes in my wardrobe that are hidden. So I made sure I reshuffled the sections and brought new items to the front so it felt like I had new options to choose from.I found new ways of styling outfitsMy Google search history contains a whole lot of ‘how to style a brown slip dress’-like queries because I’d find a piece a wanted to wear but want to make it look different. I ended up learning a lot about styling in 2018 (I realised I didn’t even know the basics), putting T-Shirts under dresses, wearing all one colour head to toe and mixing textures I would never have put together, to make old pieces look fresh and on-trend when really I’d bought them in 2015.I made shopping wish listsTowards the end of the year I made a list of the clothes and shoes I wanted to buy in 2019. Just browsing the sites and making that list alleviated some of the longing I’d had for something new.I bought other thingsSometimes it’s the thrill of a new purchase that we’re missing, and I found that buying a new beauty blender, house plant or notebook gave much the same feeling as buying new clothesSo what did I learn by not shopping for a year? Other than people will look at you like you have two heads when they find out, there are some life lessons I’ll take with me.Treat your wardrobe like a shopShopping your own wardrobe sounds like a gimmick but it’s actually a really smart concept. Organise your clothes as you would see them in a shop, jeans folded together, everything out on display, grouped by categories such as workwear and casual. Line shoes up so you can see them, when winter came last year I rooted around and found two pairs of boots I’d completely forgotten I had. We get so used to wearing the same 40% of our wardrobe all the time partly through habit and partly because we can’t see everything we have. Out here in the jungle 🐼🌿A post shared by  Phoebe Parke (@phoebeparke) on Dec 22, 2017 at 1:09pm PSTYou will not die if you don’t buy a new outfitI remember feeling anxious if I didn’t have a new dress when I went out at the weekend, worrying that I would have to wear something old and feel self-conscious the whole night, refusing to take pictures with friends in case someone posted it on Instagram and people noticed I had worn the same outfit in a previous picture on my feed. When you have no choice but to wear the same clothes, you soon lose all that anxiety – also, unless your famous literally no one cares how many times you wear the same dress, they don’t even remember it.Change your hair, no one will notice your dressOn a related note, if you change everything around the dress; your hair, nails, lipstick, earrings, shoes, bag, or even one of these, everyone will be so bedazzled by that new thing that no one will care that you’ve worn the same floral wrap dress 30 times that year.Not shopping will save you a load of money (duh!)I did some digging and found out that I spent £726 on ASOS alone 2017. That’s not including any other sites or anything I bought in store. Obscene.Two main exceptions to the no shopping rule occurred in 2018. The first was when I was asked to be a bridesmaid for a close friend and so all the bridesmaids and I bought two dresses; one for the traditional Nigerian ceremony and another for the church wedding.The other exception is that brands sent me some gifts of clothes over the year, which I accepted, they were: a pair of leggings, a top, a leather jacket, a pair of trainers, a hoodie and a dress from Superdry, two bags and a purse fromManu Atelier, and a pair of trainers from Nike. These were very welcome additions to my wardrobe, and since the reason to give up shopping was to save money not to deny myself new things, I didn’t feel too guilty.Not shopping for a year has changed the way I see clothes forever. I value those items that saw me through a year of wear without giving up on me, I treasure those shoes that refused to make me look bad as a pulled them on for the hundredth time, I look at prospective new purchases and think; are you worth a spot in my wardrobe? Which section would you fit in? Would you last a year?I put time aside in my calendar on January 1st 2019 to shop, a three-hour slot. I’d made a list of everything I wanted to buy in the notes section of my phone in mid-December, I’d downloaded the ASOS, Net-A-Porter and Boohoo apps and added the items I wanted to the virtual carts at the end of December. But when the calendar alert popped up on New Year’s Day – I no longer had any desire to shop, I put my phone down and got back to my Netflix show instead.I bought my first clothes in a year the very next day, January 2nd – three long dresses (I’d learned the importance of a ‘done-in-one’ piece that doesn’t need to be put with anything else), two jumpers (a basic I kept reaching for but didn’t have enough of over the year) a coat (I wore the same three coats all year and they all look exactly the same) and a pair of Gucci trainers, which I can find no justification for, but love.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This is how January goes: we recover from our NYE hangover several days later than expected, vow to renew our ClassPass and get excited about the new Spring Summer trends. But, hold your horses, it's still bloody cold outside. That bikini will have to wait.Sure, there's no snow on the ground but SS19 trends are lost in translation when bundled under layers of knitwear. Tie-dye doesn't have quite the same impact when paired with gloves and thermals. Until the sun stops setting at 4 pm our new season garms will have to be put on pause.In the meantime, what do you wear? We're making the most of the sale and embracing perennial trend pieces like shearling jackets and cashmere sweaters. In other words, items we know will have currency come next winter.Looking at January's agenda is another way of picking the pieces your wardrobe is missing. After last month we've reached our fill on sequins, so we're pivoting our after dark ensembles in the direction of tailored trousers and knit dresses. December gave us a non-stop social calendar while our foreseeable weekends include Netflix and yoga, so we're pivoting towards cosy sweatpants and puffa jackets. When that commute to work hits you with a blast of the Baltic winders, be thankful for Alexander Wang's heattech undies and M&S's trusty jumpers.Winter, we see you, but you will not beat us. Especially not when we have these 18 pieces to protect us from your unfriendly weather.£135, Whistles.com£20, Warehouse.com£59.99, Hm.com£97.99, Mango.com£54.90, Uterque.com£20, Topshop.com£79, Stories.com£225, Cosstores.com£41, Arket.com£9.99, Sockshop.com£129, Zara.com£75, Marksandspencer.com£257, Matchesfashion.com£135, Selfridges.com£39, Net-A-Porter.com£80, Itchyscratchypatchy.com£50, Monki.com£19.90, Uniqlo.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Let's be realistic, this January, the closest thing we’ll come to a ‘new year, new us’ is investing in a new sports kit. After a month of swapping cardio for Quality Street, a fresh set of workout clothes is exactly the sort of motivation we need to pivot our physical exertion towards something that requires lifting our arse off the sofa.Whether we’re pounding the pavement (TBH unlikely in this weather) or dragging ourselves to a new class, we know engaging with our sweat glands is good for us (physically and mentally). However, that rude realization won’t make it any easier to crawl out bed in the morning and lace up those trainers. Though there is one thing that will…an Instagram-brag worthy kit, a set of gear that works as hard as you do at the gym.If your 2019 resolutions revolve around your muscles and heart rate, Reema Stanbury, co-founder of east London gym BLOK, is here to share how to chose the right kit. ‘Invest in your essentials,’ she says. When it comes to leggings, she says to ‘look for a drawstring on the waist or go down a size to ensure they stay up.' After all, there is nothing worse than constantly having to pull your leggings mid-way through a burpie.With athleisure a key catwalk trend season after season, we’re not short on trainers. But, put aside the Converses, says Stanbury, and find 'trainers with good support rather than just fashion [credentials]’.As for what the founder of Clapton’s coolest sports club likes to wear? She says she ‘keeps it classic with simple styles and colourways rather than going for bright patterns. This way you can freshen up your wardrobe with a splash of colour when you fancy a change and it doesn’t mean having to buy everything new.’£164.95, Nike.com£178, Farfetch.com£49, Matchesfashion.com£130, Net-A-Porter.com£132, Farfetch.com£64.98, Adidas.co.uk£100, Revolve.com£58, Lululemon.com£9.99, Superdry.com£97, Matchesfashion.com£42, Simplybe.co.uk£22, ASOS.com£101, Sportsdirect.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Take a fistful of bangles and a black top and you’re set for the new year, according to Chrissy Teigen’s stylist, Monica Rose. New Year’s Eve’s hangover may still be lingering but we’re launching into 2019 with an arm party on the agenda.On the first day of the new year, Rose, who also dresses Sofia Richie, said on Instagram, ‘I’m ready for stacked bracelets to make its way back!’ She shared archive shots from W Magazine of Christy Turlington dressed in a black body with a forearm full of bangles and a shot of the Brazilian Super Michelle Alves on a catwalk with bracelets layered over her black bodysuit.It was the calling card of the late 80s, so naturally big cuffs are back in business for spring summer 19 where the trends come straight from the Working Girl costume department. Along with double-breasted suits, puff skirts and stone-washed denim, whopping great bangles tripped down the catwalks at Gucci, Chanel and Chloe.Layered bracelets already have a couple of high and mighty fans. Rihanna likes to wear hers with suits, while Chiara Ferragni (of the ludicrously popular blog Blonde Salad) has been building up her bangles since as early as last summer.Gucci, Spring Summer 2019Bangles on the ss19 catwalks2of4Gucci, Spring Summer 2019Chloé, Spring Summer 2019Chanel, Spring Summer 2019Chloé, Spring Summer 2019A winning formula is to treat bracelets like we did necklaces two years ago - more is more. Find trinkets and vintage bands where you can and indulge in several handfuls of chunky cuffs. There doesn't have to be much rhyme or rhythm to the shapes you put together, but nevertheless mixing metals is ill-advised.You can take your pick of chunkiness from Kenneth Jay Lane and Jennifer Fisher, but if you’re time-poor and trend-hungry Roxanne Assoulin is selling her bracelets pre-stacked. Meanwhile, Dinosaur Designs makes a statement with their marble resin hinged cuffs.Coco Chanel famously once said something about taking the last accessory off that you put on to ensure your outfit is as chic as it can be. However, to master this willy trend, ignore this idiom entirely. Instead, add on one more bangle to really make this an arm party to remember.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tis the most wonderful time of the year…not Christmas, silly, sale season! After months of waiting and resisting the urge to hit ‘purchase’, now is the perfect moment to fill up your basket.Perhaps there is one item you’ve been lusting after all season, if so now is the time to reach for your purse because in this fast-moving world who knows how long it will stay in stock for? However, if your shopping list is looking sparse we suggest taking the opportunity to plot out your new season wardrobe now while the discounts are on your side. Look for spring summer 19’s big trends, like tie-dye, statement hats and the neutral shades of brown, caramel and oatmeal, to be one-step ahead of whatever everyone will be wearing next year.There is one piece of advice we like to follow at this time of year, which was handed down to us by our mothers and boring as it is we live and shop by the manta. If you can’t think of more than one occasion or outfit in which said discounted item can be worn then move on, sharpish. It can seem a shame to scroll past an eyewatering price reduction, but unless you’re really going to wear it, what’s the point? Who will even know that it cost you so little when it could have cost you so much?Head to stores and you’ll be sure to be met with a frenzy of shoppers hunting out bargains. Our advice? Avoid the chaos and stay at home where you can calmly shop. Remove the buyers regret of impromptu purchases justified because the discount was so high by taking the armchair approach. Cup of tea in hand, shop the sales online. And, to make it even easier, each day we are trawling the web to find the best steals at our favourite retailers. Check back tomorrow, as this edit won’t be the same and we would hate it if you were to miss out.Was: £795, Now: £397, Harveynichols.comgrazia sale guide2of15Was: £795, Now: £397, Harveynichols.comWas: £150, Now: £105, Cosstores.comWas: £79, Now: £43, Stories.comWas: £19.99, Now: £13.99, Oysho.comWas: £232, Now: £58, Debenhams.comWas: £285, Now: £139, Whistles.comWas: £135, Now: £81, Arket.comWas: £236.34, Now: £176.54, Shopbop.comWas: £49.99, Now: £35, Hm.comWas: £215, Now: £129, Selfridges.comWas: £645, Now: £387, Net-A-Porter.comWas: £25, Now: £17.50, Cultbeauty.co.ukWas: £520, Now: £260, Net-A-Porter.comWas: £65, Now: £25, Topshop.comWas: £26, Now: £19.50, LookFantastic.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The temperatures may have dropped, but hemlines have done exactly the opposite. Say what you like about the practicality of swishing pleats or the smoothing-and-improving effect of tweed pencils, but the fashion crowd has a new favourite skirt style - the mini.It’s the thigh-exposing, leg-lengthening calling card of 60s supermodels and, naturally, Cher Horowitz, and it’s back in business. Net-a-Porter has almost 200 options; ASOS has 500 (compared to 447 midis and 79 maxis). Before goosebumps threaten to engulf your bottom half at the thought of so little material, be advised that it’s perfectly acceptable to wear a thick pair of tights with your mini. (Plump for Falke’s cashmere-blend style for Christmas and your calves will feel like pigs in blankets, £35). advertisement | Safari 🐆+🦓+🐍 #stylehigh @shopbopA post shared by  Emili Sindlev (@emilisindlev) on Sep 25, 2018 at 11:22am PDTThe mini already has friends in high places. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a Paule Ka mini skirt, and sensibly thick opaques, for an outing earlier this month, while Brigitte Macron chose a Cinderella-blue Louis Vuitton mini skirt for her husband’s inauguration last year. It’s got stateswomen and royalty on side; now the influencers have come knocking.Jessie Bush styled a Baum und Pferdgarten mini the colour of lemon bon bons with a rust-brown knit for an Instagram post in October. For Camille Charriere, it was Mango’s itsy-bitsy tweed number. I asked the latter if she prefers minis to any other skirt length. ‘100 per cent. Minis over midis and maxis. In fact, minis over anything in my wardrobe. Except maybe denim.’ Charriere’s Instagram followers will know she has pretty long pins so don’t think height disqualifies you from mini-wearing. In fact, it’s even more reason to take the brief, barely-there skirt for a spin. ‘I’m 1.75m and have to admit my legs are my best feature. I really don’t shy away from getting them out,’ says Charriere. Brown in town @mango #mangogirls #mango 📸: @morganelay #adA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Nov 16, 2018 at 4:09am PSTShe only has one rule that has to remain sacrosanct when it comes to styling mini skirts. ‘You can’t be showing off your legs and have cleavage or your midriff out at the same time. It’s just too teenage-y.’ The rest is up to you. ‘Do wear heels, but don’t be afraid to wear with trainers too,’ says Charriere. ‘Wear tights if the weather warrants it. Don’t be the girl with bare legs in the freezing cold, it’s not a good look, plus tights and sandals a la Saint Laurent is so hot right now.’ Try a sheer pair from new tights label Hedoine (£30) with some spaghetti-strap sandals from Zara (£39.99).Mango’s minis have been a hit with influencers - Charriere has the herringbone button skirt in salted caramel (£29.99) and the silvery sequinned number is practically a disco ball (£49.99). Ganni’s corduroy mini in strawberry sorbet pink will look snowfall-ready with one of the brand’s striped sweaters (£140), while Sandro’s checked version comes with its own velvet buckled belt (£146.30). Safe to say I’ll regret these bare legs when I land at Heathrow.A post shared by  Jessie Bush (@wethepeoplestyle) on Oct 22, 2018 at 2:14am PDTA winning formula for this winter is to pair yours with snow boots and a sweeping overcoat – it’s the best way to give the mini some bite. You can take your pick of the mid calf-length coats on & Other Stories’s website - the belted and checked wool coat is my favourite (£169) and Ash’s Alfa hiking boots have the pumped-up sole you’re looking for (£199.20).Remember - where the midi denotes elegance, the mini demands irreverence. So one last rule - show yours a good time!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I have Kourtney Kardashian to thank for my fashion find of the year – but it’s not a rare pair of Yeezys or some shiny vinyl pants. It’s Treasures of New York City, a curated online designer vintage store that you can shop with one tap via their Instagram feed. After seeing the account tagged in one of Kourt’s outfit pics, I hit the ‘follow’ button and never looked back, but I’m curious as to how the eldest Kardashian sister stumbled upon the vintage trove. sometimes you need a day away, pics by kennyA post shared by  Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Oct 5, 2018 at 10:41am PDT'It all started from Instagram,' says Treasures of New York City CEO, Robert Bird. 'We were chatting with Kourtney’s stylist, Dani Michelle, and the relationship was born. She is such an incredible supporter and really appreciates vintage, so we love working with her. Her style is impeccable.'And Kourtney Kardashian isn’t the only famous fan of TNYC. Bella Hadid and Shanina Shaik have both been spied in their Chanel belt bags, Kylie Jenner modeled a top-to-toe neon green Fendi look back in June, and Ariana Grande has rarely been seen without a TNYC-sourced handbag in the past six months.With such a strong celebrity following it’s suprising to hear that Robert and his co-founder girlfriend, Brittany Blanco, launched Treasures of New York City almost accidentally. Downsizing when moving into the city, they posted some of Brittany’s vintage handbag collection on eBay as they simply didn’t have space for all of them. They received an unexpectedly overwhelming response.'Working in fashion at the time, I started asking my co-workers about their bags they wanted to sell and it blossomed from there,' says Robert. 'We then decided this hobby needed our full attention, so I quit my job and became CEO of TNYC. B still works in advertising full-time, but acts as our Creative Director.' 🍇A post shared by  T R E A S U R E S  of  N Y C (@treasuresofnyc) on Nov 30, 2018 at 4:29pm PSTDespite neither Robert or Brittany having grown up in New York, their love for the city and all its hidden gems is obvious. 'As we approach our decade mark in New York, it's hard to remember a life anywhere else,' says Robert. 'No other place supports the hustle quite like the city. We started locally, just scouring the closets of friends, family and neighbours, and word travelled quickly. Before you knew it, someone’s mom from the Upper East Side was selling a Chanel flap bag that belonged to her mother-in-law. It grew from there.'Of course, we can’t overlook Instagram’s role in growing TNYC and getting Robert and Brittany’s pieces from seller, to their HQ/showroom, to a fashion-loving buyer. 'From the very start, Instagram has been one of the largest selling points for our items,' says Robert. 'We knew we needed a solid platform that was user-friendly and where we could upload products quickly and efficiently. I would say Instagram is the hub of our business model and the website supports it.' freshA post shared by  T R E A S U R E S  of  N Y C (@treasuresofnyc) on Nov 15, 2018 at 7:33am PSTWith all their amazing inventory, it’s understandable that Robert and Brittany find it hard to part with certain finds. 'We try not to get too attached to pieces, but sometimes a unicorn comes along and we know we will never see it again,' says Robert. There was this giant Goyard trunk we wanted to hold onto, but we were moving apartments and it would have basically been the size of our living room, so that one had to go. We waited until a smaller Goyard trunk came along and now it’s our coffee table… balance, am I right?'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Winter, a time of runny noses, panic-buying Christmas presents and cardigans. We know which of those three we’re most happy about.When thinking about what to buy now (a question that runs through our head nearly hourly), it’s perhaps unsurprising that we turn (also almost hourly) to Instagram for inspiration. Since the dawn of Insta, discovering trends has never been quite the same. We’re bypassing traditional celebrities and brick-and-mortar stores to discover the pieces we want by seeing them on the women we follow. And, we’re shopping their wardrobes instantly, of course. My #mangogirls contribution of the month starring red motorcycle boots, a great cardigan and this one tortoise acetate hamentashen bag (it’s shaped like a triangle) @mangoA post shared by  Leandra (Medine) Cohen (@leandramcohen) on Nov 14, 2018 at 4:57pm PSTRecently, the standout piece appears to be something so practical and wholesome, our mothers-in-law would struggle to disapprove of it. Like summertime’s straw bags, the natty button-down cardigan has been elevated to the heady heights of a must-have by Leandra Medina (nee Cohen) of Man Repeller who found hers at Mango and Pandora Sykes who scored hers at a second-hand store.It’s so unapologetically un-sexy, it’s deeply alluring. So anti-fashion it’s above trends. It’s so outside of the outré fashion that’s leading the conversation (think: cowboy boots and heavily printed maxi skirts) that it feels like a breath of fresh air. **FINALLY** got a sofa after 18 months going without since couldn’t find the perfect one — a sure metaphor 4 me luv lyfe, we’ve established. As u can see, am making good use of it now that its here. 🤔🤔 And obvs, sofa is more of a Mr Right Now than a Mr Right, so keep sending seating suggestions my way, cheers xxA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Dec 18, 2018 at 3:55am PSTThe women in charge of the Instagram conversation have seemingly agreed on the most modern way to wear the cardigan. Namely, with straight leg trousers or jeans.Meanwhile, on the autumn winter runways of Erdem and Preen By Thornton Bregazzi knitwear, interloped into eveningwear. It had ballooned in size and roamed free over frothy dresses and party gowns. Sometimes belted, other times worn instead of a coat, for it’s far less as formal than a jacket or as suffocating as a blazer. 👯‍♀️💕A post shared by  Diane Kari (@diane.kari) on Dec 13, 2018 at 9:53am PSTPerhaps you remember The Edge of Love (2008), the sprawling, brawling romantic epic about Dylan Thomas that’s fuzzy-edged wardrobe was sharper than its script. Sienna Miller’s natty cardigan for her part as Thomas’ wife Caitlin MacNamara was flung over tea dresses and walking boots in an almost pseudo-grunge look. The movie hit box offices at about the same time cardigans last hit mainstream. Call it nostalgia, or a throwback to the AW18 catwalks, but it’s exactly this paradoxical styling we need to channel to pull off the chunky knits all those influencers keep wearing. It requires balancing out with an ultra-femme silhouette (as seen on the catwalk). However, the other option is to follow the lead of the influencer set and team the knitwear with straight leg trousers.Currently, Mango (£49.99) has a creamy Aran cardigan with tortoiseshell buttons, while Whistles has a mohair marroon cardigan (£129) that scoops into a low V-neck. A winning formula is to pair either with a Stine Goya dress, like the hexagonally printed Regitze (£543), or a pair of stiff Topshop jeans (£42).Remember - the only rule is: stay cosy, or otherwise what's the point of wearing a cardigan?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Following the feature of the Enchanted Forest by Gucci Jewellery and Grazia, we have exclusive behind-the-scenes pictures. The fantastical visual story is set in a surreal valley, following the dreamlike walk of our protagonist Marta.The jewellery edit features a mixture of lust-worthy pieces, from the necklace with beetle pendants inspired by Ancient Egypt, to the Icon ring, representing the cosmos, and the Rajah tiger earrings that remind us of vintage pieces of jewellery found in a mother’s jewellery case. A mix of gold, silver, enamel, resin, stones and mother of pearl align with the aesthetic of Alessandro Michele.Shop Gucci's new jewellery collection here, and browse through the products below:Gucci Grazia native 2 - commercial2of31© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Raf Simons is leaving Calvin Klein after two years as Calvin Klein’s first-ever chief creative officer. He reportedly had eight months left in his contract but the decision is effective immediately. Simons declined to make a statement but Calvin Klein’s parent company PVH said: “Both parties have amicably decided to part ways after Calvin Klein Inc. decided on a new brand direction which differs from Simons’s creative vision.”When the Belgian designer first joined the brand in 2016 after months of speculation, Calvin Klein’s CEO Steve Shiffman hailed Simons’ appointment as the beginning of a “momentous new chapter” for the brand. Simons previously worked at Dior and Jil Sander with great success. He brought a conceptual and European flavour to Calvin Klein’s understated minimalism. He debuted “Calvin Klein 205W39NYC” at New York Fashion Week in February 2017 to critical acclaim, capturing the imaginations of many industry veterans and fashion critics with its numerous pop culture references and skewed take on Americana. His approach even gained him unprecedented use of Andy Warhol’s work for the SS18 collection. Simons' work with Calvin Klein saw him pick up three CDFA (Council of Fashion Designers of America) awards, for both menswear and womenswear in 2017 and womenswear again this year.Simons’ rebrand elevated Calvin Klein but that was apparently the problem. His high concept designs didn’t seem to be commercially appealing. In November 2018, PVH revealed that Calvin Klein were down a staggering $21 million. The chairman Emmanuel Chirico suggested Simons’ creative vision was responsible for the loss and even went so far as to call the designer’s recent work for Calvin Klein a “fashion miss”. For those who raised their eyebrows when Simons’ appointment was first announced in 2016, this parting might have looked inevitable. But for fans of the Simons-era, the absence of his Calvin Klein collection at Fashion Week in February will be a major blow.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘I’m not just a model who is a Muslim woman, I’m also a model who is brown, a model who is petite, a model who is completely niche. Just because I’m modest, it doesn’t mean I’m not human or not a good model.Most agencies now have one hijabi model but it can feel like they are just a token, unfortunately. This is why Umma [the world’s first modest model agency] is so good. They represent all modest women, not just Asian or Moroccan or Pakistani.Umma has helped me in so many ways. When I first started, if there had been an agency like this it would have made my job a lot easier. Now I don’t have to worry anymore that I can’t be myself in case they think I’m being difficult. It means I don't have to have an awkward conversation with clients. Umma put things in place without me even knowing. I go on set and they have sorted me out with my own fitting room and accounted for my dietary needs. If there is meat on set they’ve made sure it’s halal or there’s a vegetarian option and that any sweets don’t contain gelatine. They put those things in place in advance with a detailed email. They say what I’m not going to show so I never turn up on set and be expected to be naked or something. When I get booked through a more mainstream agency I have to remind them that I’m not going to show much skin and what I can’t eat. It’s us against the world 👑 we weren’t birthed from the same women but our faith makes us sisters, regardless of which direction your sisters in Islam choose to go, show them support let’s not categorise ourselves anymore..because by only showing support to those who share the same skin tone as u or those women who only wear hijab is restricting us from showing the world that we are ONE UMMA, we have different ways of life because of our culture and how we choose to practise our faith. Remember everyone’s journey in Islam is different... support ya sisters . . . .  Photographer- @seanwhitty  Make up - @zainabhassanxo  MODELS  @zaynabss  @yvesaintkay  @itsjusteshA post shared by  Amïna (uh*mee*nah) (@amina.begum.ali) on Aug 7, 2018 at 10:47am PDTI was New Look’s first hijabi model and I remember prior to going on set, my manager made sure they knew I was Muslim. He let them know that that this is what I will do and can’t do. There was a fitting room on set for me. The team at New Look were so great as we had a conversation straight away about my wardrobe and how tight the trousers were, how much neck I was happy to show and how much wrist I wanted to show. The first image they took, I had a scarf on and the scarf was draped over my shoulder specifically because the photographer was like, ‘Amina said she wasn’t happy with the shape of the dress.’ They took that into consideration, which I was so grateful for.I’m not here trying to be an influencer, if that was the case then I would be on Instagram fighting for likes and acknowledgement. I want to work bigger than that. I always knew I wanted to do to be a model, it was my dream job.I think it was not seeing people like me in the media that made me want to be a model. When I was little I used to wonder why even in the cartoons I used to watch, there was nobody there I can relate to. I wasn’t angry, but had someone told me where I would be right now I would have literally laughed. It was just so far-fetched that I thought it’s never going to happen, you know. I wasn’t mad I didn’t have representation but I was sad. #AINTNOTOKEN  Makeup by @zainabhassanxo  Model @aminabegumali_  Photographer @mcmlondon  Dress @nmb.couture  Creative direction @zainabhassanxo - - - - #aintnotoken #melaninqueens #zxo #empoweredwomenempowerwomen #bethechangeyouwanttosee #blackgirlmagic✨ #blackcreatives #beautyishername #muslimwomen #createdtocreate #editorialmakeup #hijabfashionstyle #melaninaire #londoncreatives #changingthefaceofbeauty #hijabislove #diversityandinclusion #hijabmodel #hijabinspired #hijabis #hijabiqueen #beautycampaign #cambersands #modestdresses #modeststyle #ommahberry #bame #hijabfashion #hijabinspirationA post shared by  Amïna (uh*mee*nah) (@amina.begum.ali) on Jul 28, 2018 at 1:01pm PDTI am a very driven person. When it comes to getting it done, I’m always going to find a way. I didn’t go to an agency at first, I did try one magazine because I didn’t know what to do or if an agency would accept me at the time. I went to a magazine with some images and to see if they saw potential in me. They were basically like, ‘This is never going to happen for you. You don’t have the look, you don’t have the attitude, I just can’t see anybody wanting to look like a Muslim woman.’ In the media that’s all they want, they want people to relate to my image. This was way before Mariah Idrissi had even come about, it was way before that H&M campaign or Halima Aden.Umma helped me meet a lot of brands. They gave me a lot of opportunities, putting me on guest lists so I could network, introducing me to designers and stuff like that. I did London fashion week with them, I worked with Madessa, a very big brand especially in the Muslim market Muslim market, I did a feature for Buzzfeed and shot for a magazine in New York.Modelling for fashion week [where there is very little space to change backstage] doesn’t make me nervous because I’ll just have to work around it. If a changing room cannot be made it’s cool I’ll get changed in the bathroom then. That is the sad part of the industry, there are going to be situations where everything is out of your control, but if you want to fight for what you believe in, then you always take those opportunities and run with them.'The interview has been edited and condensed by Grazia.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)A girl and a magic forest: the enchanted forest video produced by Grazia to showcase the mesmerising jewellery edit by Gucci. Follow the protagonist through the mountains to discover new jewellery...Photography: Claudia FerriGold Icon Ring With Stones, www.gucci.comInspired by a fairytale-like magic forest, the shoot features key Gucci jewellery pieces which promote strength and protection, as if they were amulets - paired with alluring outfits.Photography: Claudia FerriLeather Bracelet With Cross Pendants, www.gucci.comDesigned by Alessandro Michele, the collection is crafted from different materials including gold, crystals and leather, and features the brand's iconic GG logo.Shop Gucci's new jewellery collection here, and browse through the products below:Gucci native 1 - Grazia commercial2of22© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You don’t have to be the least bit interested in fashion to know that the Gucci ‘GG Marmont’ bag was pretty big in 2018.OK, you might not know it by name, but you’ve definitely seen It on influencers, Instagram and IRL. It’s the perfect transitional bag to go from the office to a bar without any need to run home and decant your essentials into a ‘night out bag’.‘In 2018, we sold over 1,000 units of the Gucci GG Marmont bag,’ Net-A-Porter’s Global Buying Director, Elizabeth von der Goltz told InStyle this week.From the £760 mini ‘camera bag’ version to the £2000 shoulder bag, the Marmont range of bags can be identified by their quilting and flashy double G logo.The design might be a 2018 hit, but the gold hardware references an archival Gucci plaque from the 70s. Made in Italy, the leather bag comes in black, red and dusty pink and taps into the cross-body bag trend we saw everywhere from festivals to runways this year.Celebrities have been spotted countless times with this bag, from Elle Fanning to Kourtney Kardashian and Dakota Johnson.Wondering what else people were snapping up on Net-A-Porter this year? Von der Goltz told InStyle that the Loewe Small leather-trimmed woven raffia tote, Souliers Martinez woven pumps and Tohum shell necklaces were also big hits this year.We wonder what next year’s sell-out items will be!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re at the end of the road with millennial pink and France’s growing Gilets Jaunes movement has given Gen Z yellow a new meaning. So, with a huge sense of relief, Pantone has ushered in a new shade to be obsessed with. It’s a musky terra-cotta called ‘Living Coral.'The international authority on colour predicts this shade, which has the heat of a desert adobe, the vivid brilliance of underwater life and the backing of Marc Jacobs, Prabal Gurung and Roksanda’s spring-summer 19 collections will be the hue of next year.But, how the heck do you wear it? Some celebrities, like Jennifer Lopez, Dina Asher-Smith and Leslie Mann are keenly forging a path in this vivid sunset shade. And, as aforementioned, a handful of designers have already delivered a styling masterclass.There is only one rule that remains sacrosanct when it comes to coral, a little does not go a long way. You can’t dip your toe into the trend, you have to fully commit. OK, not totally true. You can go head-to-toe, it worked well for Gigi Hadid and Jennifer Lopez, but you don’t have to.A winning formula is to clash the coral with a pink, orange or lemon sherbet shade. At Roksanda, a vivid peach one-shoulder dress had saffron bows at the waist and neckline. For those without earlyNet-A-Porter's global buying director Elizabeth Von Der Goltz recalled how Sies Marjan and Rejina Pyo embraced the shade. It was a 'masterclass in how to style unexpected colours like coral – we loved how she styled it back to a neutral palette of beige and cream to keep it more understated,' she said. access to the London label’s spring summer collection, pair Stine Goya’s Acacia gown (£497) with Zara’s yellow suede belt (£25.99). Channel Leslie Mann with a Goat’s raspberry Hennessy dress (£595) and a pair of vibrant Dries Van Noten's coral sandals (£430). Or, perhaps, do away with all the faff of DIY colour clashing and invest in Carolina Herrera’s bi-colour silk dress (£1,208), like Constance Jablonski.Will living coral ever be as popular as millennial pink? Only time will tell, but all signs point to yes when you start chalking up how many celebrities have already adopted the colour and 2019 hasn’t even begun.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Anyone who has watched Say Yes To The Dress will know just how torturous it can be to find a wedding dress. Let alone two. And, yet there is a rising trend for brides to wear multiple gowns over the course of their ceremony.‘We’ve always had brides wear two and sometimes even three dresses during for their wedding,’ says Caroline Burstein of Browns Brides, ‘This trend has grown even more strongly over the past three years or so.’Perhaps it’s because the most famous brides of the past decade - Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle, Kim Kardashian, Serena Williams and Solange - have led by example and worn multiple dresses (or jumpsuits if your name ends with Knowles). When the Duchess of Cambridge wed Prince William she famously changed from one Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen gown into another. Seven years later, the Duchess of Sussex walked down the aisle in Givenchy by Clare Waight Keller but spent her reception in a Stella McCartney halterneck dress. As over 51.8 million people tuned into these royal weddings, who knows what an incalculable impact this had on the collective psyche.Duchess of Sussex's Wedding DressThe rise of the second wedding dress1of17Duchess of Cambridge's Nuptials DressDuchess of Cambridge's Reception DressDuchess of Sussex's Wedding DressDuchess of Sussex's Reception DressPrincess Eugenie's Nuptials DressPrincess Eugenie's Wedding Party DressMandy Moore's Wedding DressMandy Moore's Cake Cutting DressAshley Green Wedding DressAshley Green Second DressKaitlynn Carter Jenner's First DressKaitlynn Carter Jenner's Second DressPriyanka Chopra Jonas' Nuptials DressPriyanka Chopra Jonas' Ceremony SariPriyanka Chopra Jonas' Reception DressSerena Williams' Wedding Ceremony DressSerena Williams' Wedding Party DressBut brides have been having outfit changes long before royal weddings were televised. As early as the 1930s, they would swap their wedding dress for a second ensemble, typically a ‘going away suit’ for the close of their reception. Something sharp, practical and made for travelling if the newlyweds were lucky enough to have a honeymoon.These days, the second dress is still the reserve of the monied - shelling out for one dress is expensive enough with the average cost £1,480. However, the drives are very different for the modern bride. Now, the mass casualisation of fashion is in part to blame for the trend for multiple gowns. ‘If a bride goes for a big dress with a long train they often want to change once the formal part is over and they can relax and dance more freely,’ Burstein explains. She’s seen a lot of women looking for a formal wedding dress with all the trimmings of tradition - a train, a veil even matching cream shoes - for the nuptials only to desire a show-stopper second dress for the party, hence its moniker, ‘cake cutting dress’‘You don’t have to have the reception on the same day as the ceremony, or even in the same country,’ says bridal designer Hermione de Paula. She recalls her friend Christy, owner of Loho Bride in Los Angeles, who had the civil ceremony a year before her celebration with friends and family due to visas. ‘The second dress doesn’t have to conform to the conventional rules as they may have had their more traditional and religious ceremony,’ she adds recalling how her brides ‘can now express themselves in their second dress with personal embroidery full of symbols and their favourite bespoke florals or in bespoke colours. They also see this as a possible dress they can wear again.’The two-dress trend has risen in correlation with the rise of the three-day wedding. With 23 per cent of couples spreading the celebration over several days, brides now need a wedding trousseau that accounts for the multiple outfit changes required by multi-day ceremonies. These event weddings have significantly increased the spend on average of bridal wear and accessories (its risen by 15 per cent over the last year according to Bridebook).Of course, a second dress brings its own host of problems. Where a bride can get ready at relative leisure before a ceremony, once the party is in full swing it’s not as simple as nipping to the loo to make an outfit change. Most venues don't have more than a cloakroom or disabled toilet to change in. Hair, make-up even underwear consistency also has to be considered unless you’re willing to make your guests wait while a full makeover takes place behind the scenes.Not every bride wants a second dress, but many, de Paula remarks, are looking for a gown that can transform. ‘We’ve also been developing layering options of separates which help our brides evolve their look from something more formal and traditional for the ceremony to a more fun party look for the reception that they can relax and dance in (until dawn).’ Offering a modern solution, she’s made slips with embroidered bodices that can be removed or voluminous overskirts with long trains that can taken off for the party. An evolving dress provides the bride a chance to showcase more of her personal style or, at the very least, shy away from fully committing to one specific gown.No one ever said planning a wedding was simple!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rachel McAdams is a notoriously private person. In fact, she keeps such a low-profile that she didn’t speak about her first child until seven months after his birth. But, there is one aspect of motherhood, she’s not willing to stay schtum about.Dressed in Versace and Bulgari with her hair slicked back and her lips painted Coke can red, Rachel McAdams sits legs wide in what could be best described as a woman spreading position as she takes on a taboo that still stalks motherhood. Attached to her breasts are two fully-functioning pumps expressing milk for her then six-month-old. In a single shot, she rugby tackles the discourse around motherhood and work, maternity leave and public breastfeeding.‘Obviously, #rachelmcadams looks incredible and was quite literally the dream to work with but also this shoot was about 6 months post her giving birth to her son, so between shots she was expressing/pumping as still breastfeeding.’ Explains Claire Rothstein, editor of Girls Girls Girls magazine, which published the powerful image.She added, ‘Breastfeeding is the most normal thing in the world, like breathing and I can’t for the life of me imagine why or how it is ever frowned upon or scared of. I don’t even think it needs explaining but just wanted to put this out there, as if it even changes one person’s perception of something so natural, so normal, so amazing then that’s great. Besides she’s wearing Versace and Bulgari diamonds and is just fucking major…Side note: I did not look anywhere near as fabulous as this when feeding/pumping. And that’s ok too.’The role of motherhood has been desperately in need of rebranding. It’s not for the squeamish. It can be base and preoccupied with sentimentality while asking a woman to weigh up her own body’s wants against that of a newborn.Some writers, Sheila Heti for instance, are questioning the drives for motherhood in the first place while one New York Times writer once jokingly wrote a job description for the role: ‘Must be exceptionally stable yet ridiculously responsive to the needs of those around you; must be willing to trail after your loved ones, cleaning up their messes and compensating for their deficiencies and selfishness; must work twice as hard as everybody else; must accept blame for a long list of the world's illnesses; must have a knack for shaping young minds while in no way neglecting the less glamorous tissues below…’As the narrative around motherhood moves into the 21st Century with a plodding progression, images like Rachel McAdams pumping while dripping in diamonds and luxury fashion are increasingly more important. Removing the veneer and proving agenda-setting style and parenthood are not mutually exclusive, is as, Claire says, ‘just fucking major.’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If 2018 could be summed up in the shape of one single skirt, surely it would be that silk slip that every Instagrammer worth their influence has been wearing. Topshop is now doing one-better than stocking this must-have midi skirt, as they’ve released a collection of satin slip dress inspired by the cult item.With Christmas just days away our to-do list is already out of control, which is why we couldn’t be happier that Topshop has ticked ‘find New Year’s Eve dress’ off our agenda. The simple slip dress is one of those holy-grail items that exists in every well-dressed woman’s wardrobe. Leandra Medine, Kate Moss, yes, you name it. Finding one that’s slinky but doesn’t over-caress our curves, that’s structured but not boxy seemed impossible. But, this Topshop piece is doing all that and not blowing the budget.Priced at £35, these plain satin slips barely need justifying. Designed with crisscross straps, a cowl back and a mid-thigh slit, they could easily be worn as is. Just add heels. And a micro tote bag, of course.But, post-New Year’s Eve, when the hangover has finally gone, we’d happily wear them as we do with midi-skirt it was inspired by. Meaning, with hiking boots and a mohair jumper, or with a plain polo neck and heels.We particularly like it in tiger print (ideal for showing our wild side), but if you’re purist the plain sheaths in gold, saffron, dusky pink and teal are equally appealing.Act fast though. If the extreme popularity of Realisation Par's original slinky midi skirt is anything to go by, this Topshop dress won't be in stock for very long.£35, Topshop.com£35, Topshop.com£35, Topshop.com£35, Topshop.com£39, Topshop.comTopshop, Plain Satin Slip Dress2of5£35, Topshop.com£35, Topshop.com£35, Topshop.com£35, Topshop.com£39, Topshop.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In news to make you feel properly old, 90s Nora Ephron rom-com classic You’ve Got Mail is turning 20 on December 18th, making us nostalgic for AOL, IRL bookstores and, well, Kathleen Kelly’s wardrobe. The hardworking children’s book seller, played by Meg Ryan, was to a 2018 eye extremely stylish. You might not have realised it back in 1998, but fast-forward to now, and her seemingly sensible skirts are suddenly the objects of your affection.Outfitted by Oscar-winning costume designer Albert Wolsky, who has showcased his talents working on everything from Bugsy to Maid In Manhattan, Kathleen Kelly was 90s normcore. The black mock turtlenecks, neutral cashmere twinsets and seemingly never-ending scarf collection provided a simple, stylish way to keep warm against the wintery Manhattan chill.We mustn't skip past the mock turtlenecks too hastily, of course, because Kathleen Kelly certainly didn't. Her wardrobe staple, she wore them to work, on dates, under cardigans, on their own… whether she had a closet full of them or owned one and stuck to a fast laundry cycle we'll never know. What we do know is that they (it?!) never failed her. Kathleen Kelly knew great tailoring. From the aforementioned knee-length skirts, to her chic mannish slacks, her soft knits were always balanced out with a more structured piece on her bottom half. She really knew how to layer and looking at old photos of Meg Ryan on set only makes us regret hiding under a duvet coat all winter. Heck, even her loungewear was spot on. Sporting the kind of perfectly oversized, matching pyjamas that make you want to join her for a (platonic) sleepover, Kathleen Kelly flirting on AOL is a far cry from us swiping on Bumble in an old T-shirt and sweats on a Sunday morning.And then the spring came, and Kathleen Kelly shed her layers for… well, some lighter layers. That linen, full-skirted frock, teamed with yet another cardi, brought the romance that we had started to worry would never come until she had a schmaltzy rom-com scale snog with Tom Hanks and they lived fashionably ever after. The end.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With less than eight days until Christmas you would think tills were ringing so fast retailers wouldn’t be able to keep up, but this morning ASOS, followed Primark and Superdry, by issuing a profit warning. A total of £1.4bn has been wiped off the e-com’s market value with shares crashing by 41 per cent.With this unexpected announcement, ASOS proved digital-first retailers aren’t immune to the frigid economic chill that’s been felt by Marks & Spencer, Boohoo. John Lewis, Primark, Debenhams and House of Fraser.Mike Ashley, the owner of Sports Direct, which practices a business model underpinned by a discount philosophy, exclaimed, 'November was the worst on record, unbelievably bad…No one could have budgeted for that. Retailers just cannot take that kind of November. It will literally smash them to pieces.’ Echoing Ashley, Nick Beighton, ASOS’ Chief Executive said today, ‘In fashion we are seeing an unprecedented level of discounting, certainly something I have not seen before, and that’s across the board.’1. Though ASOS knocked 20 per cent off the whole site during Black Friday (mirroring the same offer it had practised for the occasion the year before) it believes it wasn’t enough to compete with other retailers.Problems have been felt across the industry, and while competitive discounting is undercutting the market it’s not the only reason for the profit collapses. Longer, hotter summers and later winters have meant shops, like ASOS, expected to sell expensive items like jackets and coats sooner in the quarter, which meant the overall intake of the financial annum so far has been slashed.2. A stagnating of salaries, exacerbated by the pound dropping in line with key Brexit statements, has meant disposable income has decreased. When faced with this big squeeze shoppers are choosing cheaper alternatives, turning to ‘value’ alternatives.3. Less money has also meant less going out. A National Time Use study has shown that Londoners are using public transport less. Cycling is on the rise, as is taxi use (thank you, Uber), but not enough to account for the decrease in bus journeys. The average Londoner is taking 14.5 per cent less public transport trips than it did four years ago. The rise of the Netflix nights-in perhaps indicates people are buying less and particularly less occasion clothes, which are a key vertical for ASOS and its twenty-something audience.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christmas is coming and fast. With presents still to buy, social events every night of the week and a hangover that started on the 2nd December, getting through the final five-days of work before the holidays is like the last leg of a marathon.There is one thing we can do to alleviate the stress of getting everything signed, sealed and delivered in time and that’s helping you decide what to wear. Strike a final professional note before you spend the next 10 days in your pyjamas. After 50-odd weeks pulling off executive realness are you out of inspiration? Turn to influencers who make dressing well their USP and shamelessly copy their every stylish move. Nab a suit like Lotte’s from ASOS, wear a tweed blazer like Caroline de Maigret or initiate daytime sequins (it is nearly Christmas after all) like Alexandra Fullerton. Do what you need to to make this week flyby...Credit: Instagram/@asos_lotteworkwear 17.12.182of20£75, Selfridges.com£72, Asos.com£195, Russellandbromley.co.uk£95, Reiss.com£110, Stories.com£15, Cosstores.com£75, Marksandspencer.com£175, Selfridges.com£49.99, Zara.com£47.99, Shein.co.uk£495, Joseph-fashion.com£30, Monki.com£69, Arket.com£315, Maxmara.com£40, Topshop.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Perhaps you remember the furore, the incredulous tweets and side-eyeing features, about Leomie Anderson’s personal acronym, FOMOMG (fear of missing out my life goals). When the Victoria’s Secret model and founder of blog-come-clothing brand LAPP coined the phrase it was with an innocent greenness that the internet tore into.Though she’s enjoyed global success in many people’s eyes she was spurned for having the audacity to admit she wants the normative goals of many – own a house, earn a million by age 25 and help her mother retire early. In the year since declaring these aims, she’s received a lot of flack, undergone a certain amount of introspection and come to decide that these are her goals and she’s going to achieve them, albeit with less of a time limit stipulated. We caught up with the model before she went on stage at the Google Curiosity Rooms to find out how she’s planning to go about achieving them.‘One of the first things that I say to people when it comes to setting goals when you have an unpredictable schedule is that sometimes it’s not down to you. Modelling is a very unpredictable environment so when it comes to setting goals I try not to give myself time restrictions. Time restrictions add pressure and it makes you feel disappointed if you don’t achieve something within a set amount of time then maybe it just wasn’t meant to happen within that time. The goal could still be attainable but without the time limit. Sometimes having a calendar target, it’s not attainable, it’s not realistic.’‘At the beginning of the year I always like to make a mood board and I start a new notebook so I can keep track of what I want to achieve. I record everything, even the small steps as they might take me towards that goal. ‘‘At the beginning of the year, I set myself all these tremendous goals. When obstacles came my way I felt weighed down because it felt like it was slowing down my progress. In my head, I was thinking that I was going to be 30 soon so need to achieve so much by the end of this year. I was crying every other day. I didn’t understand how I was going to push my modelling career, I didn’t understand whether it was me, whether I needed to change things in my life, I just didn’t know how to overcome this mental block. When I sat down started to analyse everything that I had achieved this year I started to realise that I am a lot further than I originally thought so one of the things that I really want everyone to think about is the small wins. It’s the small wins that build up and outweigh the obstacles. The small steps that you think are so insignificant are actually everything when it comes to achieving your goals. I also try to spin everything into a positive because at the end of the day things rarely go as smoothly as you plan them to. If you always expect the process to be exactly as you dream it then you’re always going to be disappointed with some of the steps when they don’t go the way you planned.’‘I had to learn from very early on with modelling that there is no rhyme or reason as to why people get work and others don’t. I had to stop comparing myself because it made me feel bad and added pressure. I used to be, “By the end of this year, I want to have shot XYZ for Vogue,” and then when the end of the year came and I hadn’t achieved it and I felt disappointed in myself. You have to stop comparing yourself and just accept that everyone is individual and their journey is unique to them. I use to think, “Naomi Campbell used to get all of these things and she’s black and she’s British so therefore now I can get all these things too,” but life doesn’t work that way! Honestly, you don’t know what that person has done to get that position so there is no point in comparing when you don’t have all the information to compare in the first place!’‘I was just talking to my friend Duckie [Thot] about this. People on social media love to have their say on things – on your career, on how well you’re doing, how you looked when you did a particular job. It’s the same for the press. You just have to know they’re there to sensationalise and exaggerate things so it’s entertaining for people to read but it’s still my life at the end of the day and my life is not entertainment. It’s something I’m living. Once I realised that these people are always going to have something to say I had to get over it. It was a harsh advice but there is nothing else that you can really do. There is always going to be someone who has something negative to say but it’s all about understanding that maybe they’re just projecting their own insecurities onto you and once you realise that you understand the internet is not where you should go for validation anyway.‘My goals for next year are to bring out more collections for LAPP and to start doing networking events as well for women. I tried to do that this year but it’s a lot more difficult to get people on board than I originally thought! I also really want to get a big beauty contract but I know that those things come when they’re meant to! I’ve seen so many of my friends get them and I’m so happy for them but I understand that that’s their journey and I’m on my own journey.’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s that time of year when all the bricks-and-mortar stores start putting up ‘sale’ signs in their windows. And sure, nothing tastes quite as good as a bargain. But do you know what else is good? Ultra-cool brands that don’t need to go into sale.It’s a fascinating phenomenon, actually. Perhaps driven by the warped speed of Instagram and our insatiable appetite for newness, these brands seduce us with spontaneous new pieces as and when they feel like it. All of their stock is limited edition. Rather than following the old, outmoded concept of seasonal drops (once in Jan then again in summer with perhaps a mid-season collection for good measure), they restock regularly.We’re talking brands that are hot on Instagram, that don’t create identikit customers. Fashion soul food. Fast fashion respite. The fashion equivalent of a Twitter feed you keep refreshing.Everything we once knew to be true about shopping is dead. The high street is closing, department stores are failing and luxury labels are collaborating with little-known skater brands. It can feel like it’s all gone to pot. Although we still have a very special place in our hearts (and wardrobes) for quick fix labels like Zara, Topshop and ASOS, these ultra-cool brands are staging a coup on our closets.With bubbling excitement, we at Grazia have been referring to it as the ‘8-week itch’. That craving for something to update our wardrobe. It doesn’t happen monthly (we have a little self-restraint, thank you very much) but it does happen routinely at about the eight-week mark, which is ideal because by then these ultra-cool brands have updated their websites with lots of new options.New Stock: Every Six Weeks. Bookmark For: Neither influencers nor celebrities can seemingly get enough of Ganni's reinvention of Scandi Chic. Ganni's inimitable wrap dresses, printed smocks and brightly coloured denim has forged countless trends, but no one does this kind of personality-driven fashion quite as well as this Copenhagen label. New Stock: Every Eight Weeks.Bookmark For: The sort of pieces you'll be stopped in the street and asked, 'where is that from?' Make a point of checking in on LOÉIL's regularly updated website to find architectural shapes, textured coats and modern takes on wardrobe icons, like Aran sweaters with cut-outs and quilts with raw hems and oversized buckles. New Stock: Weekly Drops. Bookmark For: If there is such a thing as slow fast fashion this is it. Every Kitri piece sings from the same hymn sheet and thus never looks last season even when it legitimately is. We like their bright blouses, glamorous jumpsuits and unapologetic sequins. New Stock: Weekly Drops. Bookmark For: If there is such a thing as slow fast fashion this is it. Every Kitri piece sings from the same hymn sheet and thus never looks last season even when it legitimately is. We like their bright blouses, glamorous jumpsuits and unapologetic sequins. New Stock: Each Month.Bookmark For: Muted colours and expensive textures suited to the modern women's daily life. We like TOAST for its printed dress and plush velvet tops that give our workwear wardrobe an immediate luxe injection. New Stock: At the whim of the designers (but usually most weeks)!Bookmark for: Pattern-clashing party dresses and slinky blouses. Rixo don't exist within a seasonal structure, all year round they create pieces that can slip into winter or summer wardrobes. Founder Henrietta Rix explains that they, 'tend to just re-stock timeless prints as these are coded as continuity and fit into each season seamlessly.'New Stock: Once a month. Bookmark for: Workwear! If your officewear is ever in need of a boost head to Finery for items that will seamlessly lift your 9-to-5 hours and elevate your weekends too.New Stock: Every 12 weeks.Bookmark for: High-quality, high-style design-led pieces you want to wear everyday and for special occasions. Inspired by data, they are driven by what the customer wants and know how to deliver it in the form of sculptural bags, midi-skirts and silky dresses. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Five years ago, you wouldn’t have heard 'trainers’ and ‘Balenciaga’ in the same sentence. But, now we’re living in the age of the sneaker (as the majority of the world refers to them) and every designer thinking about its bottom line is cashing in on what has been officially deemed the fastest growing segment in the fashion market.Once upon a time, the most frivolous thing you could buy would be a pair of bright white plimsolls. But now Gucci, Alexander McQueen, Giuseppe Zanotti and countless other luxury labels are retailing bewilderingly blingy, conversation-starting trainers that sell for hundreds and hundreds of pounds. And, yet if you tried to do a HIIT class in them you'd likely end up with a twisted ankle.Just this week, Shrimps announced that like JW Anderson and Commes Des Garcons, it was collaborating with Converse. In the same year when Emma Thompson accepted her damehood in Stella McCartney trainers and Meghan Markle caused a run on Veja sneakers, Gucci dropped their Flashtreks that come wrapped in crystal straps and Louis Vuitton debuted the Archlights, which are accented with LV monogram. Designers have placed themselves in direct competition with sportswear titans like Nike, Reebok and adidas. Their point of difference? Forget function and focus on form - the more striking and the less engineered for running the better.Global sales of non-athletic trainers rose by 10 per cent in 2017 (to $3.98 billion), outperforming handbags by 7 per cent, according to Consultancy Bain & Co. In 2018 sales continued to increase - by 17 per cent. Meanwhile, sales of heels dropped by 11 per cent.The consumer is changing. Look around your office, how many women are wearing heels? How many men are wearing suits? Broadly speaking the casualisation of dress codes coincides with the drive for comfort and the longevity of the athleisure trend. Heels and Hermes Birkins will always have their appeal, but perhaps the ‘It’ item will be the trainer from now on.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If Kendall Jenner has any idea why it’s so sacrilege to show your knickers, well, she just doesn’t care about it, as the model wore a See-PL dress to London’s Fashion Awards.What does See-PL mean? It’s panty line that you're meant to see. It's a bit like VPL, except rather than negatively worn, where the wearer’s undercrackers are visible in a way they're not meant to be, they’re worn with the goal of being seen, deliberately looked at and adored, almost as much as the sheer dress they’re seen through.Kendall's sheer dress was a gold one by Julien MacDonald, and as she arrived at the Fashion Awards in the Royal Albert Hall, she unabashedly let the world take note of the amazing fact that she was wearing knickers! And sure, sure, the back of the outfit showed that Kendall’s bum wasn’t hoisted into pants but divided by a thin strip of thong, but still, See-PL was definitely there.VPL - or visible panty liner - has long been used to shame women, to suggest that your panty liner is visible in a way that confounds expectations in only a bad way, but Kendall’s shown that showing your pants, in a way where they’re not just visible, but deliberately demanding to be seen can be so much more interesting. And warm, we'd wager.It’s not the first time Kendall’s done the See-PL either, as she attended a Chopard event at Cannes 2018 this summer dressed in a green chainmail dress by Alexandre Vauthier, with her boobs out but, crucially, her pants on. She did this twice more at Cannes, in her red carpet appearances. First off, she wore a white Giambattista Valli gown with big, wide beige pants on, and then there was the black velvet Roberto Cavalli number she donned, featuring high-legged black briefs.Sales of thongs have dropped over the past few years, as women have ditched them and other such devices dedicated to ensuring that the shocking truth - women wear underwear - is concealed, in favour of things like ease and comfort.And while Kendall has kind of given thongs - and her bumcheeks - a lot more airtime than is truly necessary (as the old joke goes: how do you know you’ve got washing to do? The only clean underwear you have left is a thong), what’s encouraging is that, from the front, her pants really can be seen.For a woman who models for Calvin Klein, it certainly makes sense to wear some great big pants when walking the red carpet, but, there’s something oddly - and uniquely - relatable about the fact Kendall seems to prefer wearing knickers to, well, wearing none! Knicker-wearing is hardly feminism’s biggest or most important bastion, and feminism is also about the choice to use cotton as bumfloss, should any woman so wish. But it’s quite warming, literally, that Kendall’s gone for comfort, and that she’s helped make See-PL such a thing.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last night the great and the good of the global fashion community will descend on the Royal Albert Hall for the annual Fashion Awards, and we were bubbling with anticipation as we watched Miuccia Prada walk away with the biggest prize of the night, the Outstanding Achievement accolade.‘Mrs. Prada’s intuition for the zeitgeist and her blending of multiple creative disciplines including fashion design, art and architecture since the beginning have made her a pioneering force in our industry,’ explains Stephanie Phair, Chairman of the British Fashion Council.With this trophy, Prada joins the ranks of previous winners Dame Anna Wintour, Karl Lagerfeld and Ralph Lauren. Of course, it’s not the first time the industry has come together to celebrate the Italian designer. Her status has been calcified in literature and later film (The Devil Wears Prada) and honoured by the Metropolitan Museum’s prestigious Costume Institute (Schiaparelli and Prada: Impossible Conversations).While she’s dressed Oscar winners and It Girls, her story starts at a small family run operation in Italy back in 1978. Some 71 years after the Prada family founded their accessories business, Miuccia pulled the company into world’s view with her first nylon backpack. Just four years later she introduced womenswear, followed by menswear after another seven years. Over the past four decades she’s designed a patisserie shop in Milan, an art installation in the heart of Texas, launched a second line, Miu Miu, and created some of the most iconic ensembles in living memory.As the fashion crowd comes together to celebrate Miuccia Prada lets take a look back at her most defining designs.Miuccia ignited the fluoro trend for winter 18, which Kim Kardashian has shown herself to be a huge fan of. An irreverent palette, scrunched socks and exquisite embroidery along with flattering silhouettes has always been the brand's USP. These minky coloured shoes kickstarted the feather trend, which is still reverberating on the catwalks today. This feather trimmed pyjama suit took the PJ trend to a new, sleeker level. The layering of socks and heels is a calling card for Miuccia. When Miuccia created this electrifying shearling coat she set forth an unstoppable copy-cat trend, but underneath the covetable coat there's a slinky slip, which exemplifies how the designer plays with proportion and texture to create a luxurious head-to-toe look. Miuccia's construction of Chinoiserie elements - cheongasm collars here and tabi socks there - opened up a healthy debate on cultural appropriation versus cultural appreciation. Miuccia Prada is known as the intellectual woman's designer and this is imminently felt through her strong tailoring for women and the unisex shoes she designed, like these plastic wrapped brogues. The unstoppable appeal of Prada's flame collection was felt again this year when the iconic heel was recreated in new colourways. The expressive flames question purpose and functionality of wedges while referencing the designs of 1950s American cars and the world of Ed Ruscha.  As model Jessica Stam strolled down the autumn winter 11 catwalk she introduced a reimagining of the flapper silhouette and created a trend for 'gorilla' sleeved coats. Inspired by Greco-Roman history, Miuccia Prada reimagined the gladiators as fierce, modern women. Several kilometres outside Martha, Texas, is an faux-Prada shop made in conjunction with artists Elmgreen and Dragset. This 'Pop Architectural Land Art Project' has become a pilgrimage point for mega-fans. At a time when Gucci was selling sexiness, Prada was focusing on irreverency through pencil skirts and cardigans. Simplicity is sometimes the chicest way to make an impact. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Turkeys, tinsel and an onslaught of envy-inducing holiday snaps, it must be December. As half of our friends hunker down with the Radio Times and a vat of melted camembert the rest are jetting off to far-flung corners of the globe. Whether they are hunting out the winter sun or making the most of the winter with a skiing holiday, there is one universal truth every vacation is now defined by: how Instagramable it is.A suitcase teaming with sophisticated outfits that can be stress-free interchanged numerous times is the fastback to double taps. Watch the likes pour in with a mixture of high-low items that all exist within one colour scheme. Decide on the shoes and the outerwear and work inwards, that’s our advice. If the destination is hot, pick the sandals and tote bag first. But, if you’re heading somewhere cold choose the coat and boots at the start.We’ve canvased the whole wide web and decided these are the items you need to pack for a super stylish holiday.£23, Stories.comvacation shop2of15£23, Stories.com£120, Ganni.com £290, Alexachung.com£250, Net-A-Porter.com£315, zimmermannwear.com£15, Warehouse.co.uk£395, Beulahlondon.com£40, Asos.com£29, Topshop.com£90, Sorelfootwear.co.uk£475, 66north.com£245, Selfridges.com£285, And-daughter.com£315, Matchesfashion.com£215, Kitristudio.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even Clare Waight Keller didn't know Meghan Markle was attending The Fashion Awards – and she designed her gown for the event!Givenchy's Clare Waight Keller was even more surprised than you when Meghan Markle – her most famous client – presented her trophy at The Fashion Awards on Monday night… even though she unknowingly designed the dress Meghan wore to the ceremony. Speaking to Grazia backstage at The Fashion Awards, at London's Royal Albert Hall, Clare said, "I'm not joking, it was a complete and genuine surprise. I really did not know she was coming tonight at all! I was actually fitting her for the dress last week and she said, 'Oh I'm going to this thing next week, I think it's Monday or Tuesday night, I have to check my calendar.' I just did not think anything of it. Then she walked in!"Meghan presented Clare with the award for British Designer of the Year Womenswear, after the Givenchy artistic director designed her wedding dress for her nuptials to Prince Harry, so you could say it's been a big year for both of them."I've had the most extraordinary year," Clare told us. "Half of it no-one even knew we were working together, until the big event happened in May. Since then it's just been so special to work with someone who's incredibly genuine and kind. [Meghan] has really embraced the type of style that I embody. It's been an incredible year for her."And Clare has no plans to stop working with the Duchess now that the wedding is out of the way. When we asked if they had anymore outfits in the pipeline, Clare said, "Oh yes, I hope so. It's a relationship that's just starting and I think between the two of us we've got such an innate understanding of each other. I think going through such a personal experience, like the wedding dress, you can never lose that connection with the person you work with on it. I was really so honoured tonight that she presented my award."Click here for the full list of winners from The Fashion AwardsCredit: ShutterstockThe Fashion Awards 2018: Red Carpet2of68Lizzy Jagger and Jerry Hall wear Atelier Swarovski Jewellery Naomi Watts in Richard Quinn with Swarovski Crystals and Atelier Swarovski JewelleryAlek Wek in Custom Emilia Wickstead with Swarovski CrystalsEllie Goulding in Custom A.W.A.K.E. with Swarovski Crystals and Atelier Swarovski JewelleryNaomie Harris wears Atelier Swarovski JewelleryLeomie Anderson wears Atelier Swarovski JewelleryPenelope Cruz in Atelier Swarovski Jewellery© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The who’s who of the fashion world descended on the Royal Albert Hall on Monday for The Fashion Awards 2018 in partnership with Swarovski. Here’s who won what, and why…He continues to redefine what luxury looks like now. No wonder Virgil Abloh also scooped the same award last year.From the triangle bag to the platform Crocs, Demna never plays it safe. It really was the year of the Triple S sneakers, which sold out faster than you could say ‘dad trainers’.She’s the national treasure who would probably hate to be called that, and the fashion industry’s ultimate rebel. Over the past 25 years, Westwood has campaigned for numerous environmental and human rights charities and NGOs.It’s the fourth win on the trot for Bizzarri, who steered the unstoppable Gucci to €6.2billion in sales last year (with ambitions to hit €10billion soon). With Alessandro Michele at the helm, the Italian brand isn’t just a commercial powerhouse but also a creative agenda-setter.An important voice in the sustainability conversation, Parley for the Oceans is an environmental non-profit organisation that works with designers to reinvent the way in which products can be made and designed in order to turn a global problem into an opportunity, to protect our oceans.An LVMH Prize finalist, Brixton-born Samuel Ross’s A-COLD-WALL* explores the disparities of the British class system. Virgil Abloh (who Ross used to work for) sat front row at his SS19 show. Watch this space.We would say we expect big things from Quinn – but he’s already there. Having started the year with the Queen front row at his show (and scooping the inaugural Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design) before seeing Amal Clooney wear his foil cape on the Met Ball red carpet, the boy from Peckham is now finishing on a suitable high.A unique talent, Green took home this award for the third year in a row. Why? Well his utilitarian-tinged designs are a perfect blend of cerebral and wearable. Oh and, P.S., women also love his pieces.Thanks in part to a certain white dress, the understated Brit designer has had a brilliant 2018. This is her (well deserved) crowning glory.Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott are the photographic duo with the fashion world at their feet. You’ll know their work from a National Portrait Gallery exhibition, a 400-page retrospective book released by Taschen, Kate Moss’ 60th anniversary Playboy cover and campaigns for mega-houses like Louis Vuitton, Gucci, and Giorgio Armani. They like to celebrate strong women (Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Madonna have all been shot by the pair), or as they say ‘powerful women, women with a meaning, you-don’t-have-to-talk-too much-to-tell-who-you-are kind of women’.Landing campaigns for Chanel, Valentino and Saint Laurent, walking in over 20 AW18 shows, even teaming up with Karl Lagerfeld for a collaboration… baby Cindy is officially super.Need we say more?As a solo act (since former design partner Maria Grazia Chiuri departed for Christian Dior), Pierpaolo Piccioli continues to go from strength to strength. The AW18 couture collection was one of his most accomplished – and moving – to date and has served up some of this year’s most memorable red carpet momentsCredit: ShutterstockThe Fashion Awards 2018: Red Carpet2of68Lizzy Jagger and Jerry Hall wear Atelier Swarovski Jewellery Naomi Watts in Richard Quinn with Swarovski Crystals and Atelier Swarovski JewelleryAlek Wek in Custom Emilia Wickstead with Swarovski CrystalsEllie Goulding in Custom A.W.A.K.E. with Swarovski Crystals and Atelier Swarovski JewelleryNaomie Harris wears Atelier Swarovski JewelleryLeomie Anderson wears Atelier Swarovski JewelleryPenelope Cruz in Atelier Swarovski Jewellery© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You’re not seeing double; Model of the Year nominee Kaia Gerber and her mum, supermodel Cindy Crawford, just hit The Fashion Awards red carpet together…It’s a big night for Kaia Gerber, who is nominated for Model of the Year at The Fashion Awards, and super mum Cindy Crawford was on hand to support her 17-year-old daughter on the red carpet.Posing for photographers together at London’s Royal Albert Hall, Kaia and Cindy appeared more like sisters than mother and daughter, both of them absolutely glowing ahead of Kaia’s big night.Rounding out the Crawford-Gerber clan, dad Randy Gerber and Kaia’s model/photographer brother, Presley Gerber, also attended The Fashion Awards.While we’ll have to wait until later this evening to find out if Kaia wins Model of the Year – she’s up against Adut Akech, Adwoa Aboah, Bella Hadid and Winnie Harlow – she’s certainly winning in the best dressed stakes. Her metallic gown is one of our favourites from the awards so far.Credit: ShutterstockThe Fashion Awards 2018: Red Carpet2of68Lizzy Jagger and Jerry Hall wear Atelier Swarovski Jewellery Naomi Watts in Richard Quinn with Swarovski Crystals and Atelier Swarovski JewelleryAlek Wek in Custom Emilia Wickstead with Swarovski CrystalsEllie Goulding in Custom A.W.A.K.E. with Swarovski Crystals and Atelier Swarovski JewelleryNaomie Harris wears Atelier Swarovski JewelleryLeomie Anderson wears Atelier Swarovski JewelleryPenelope Cruz in Atelier Swarovski JewelleryKaia’s Model of the Year nomination follows a whirlwind year of shows, campaigns for the likes of Moschino and Saint Laurent, and a design collaboration with Karl Lagerfeld.Stay tuned to Grazia for more news from The Fashion Awards and the full list of winners later this evening!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)With the sporty luxe trend still ruling the runways, sportswear brands have upped their game when it comes to the fashion credentials of the kit you wear for actually keeping fit, and especially when you take to the slopes.And the key to looking chic when you ski is all down to snow wear with a fashion-forward edge, like the new Dare 2b ski range in collaboration with Julien Macdonald. Discover five pieces below that will help you up your style (and performance) on the slopes...Choosing the right ski jacket is no easy feat. Attention to detail is everything, so invest in a jacket that has both style and substance, like this one from Dare 2b. The striking print on the feminine silhouette reflects an on-trend streetwear aesthetic that everyone's coveting right now, while the clever-working fabric will move and stretch with you on the mountain.For an easy-win outfit, pick an all-in-one number that does all of the fancy styling for you. Go for glamour on the mountain-top in this slick ski suit, which boasts waterproof, breathable qualities and a flattering cinched-in waist. See, who said you have to choose between style and comfort?For an ultra chic skiing look, wear this minimalistic white and black ski suit on the slopes. It's got the perfect marriage of form and function (think moveable stretch fabric and high-shine zips) that you'd expect from high-performance snow wear with the luxury styling that's unmistakably Julien Macdonald.Another key tip to looking stylish whilst skiing is to choose pieces that will take you straight from the slopes to the après-ski. Cue these flattering full stretch trousers from Dare 2b. They feature a slight flare at the ankle, meaning you can sit them over chunky snow boots, yet they're fitted elsewhere for a figure-hugging finish. Genius.Nothing quite says mountainside polish like a monochrome ski jacket. It's guaranteed to go with everything in your suitcase and it'll also help you standout in the snow. As well as the versatile colour scheme, this must-have jacket boasts wet-look stretch cuffs that will act as a barrier to the cold, four handy pockets, and a lightweight, waterproof fabric. We're sold.Keep warm on the inside but look cool as ice on the outside in this women's indulgence jacket from Dare 2b. The figure-defining waist belt and faux-fur hood are just some of the detailing that we love on this crisp white piece.Discover the complete Dare 2b x Julien Macdonald Presents Snow Wear collection online here, in-store and at House of Fraser, Debenhams and Next.Want to look chic while you ski? For a chance to win Dare 2b x Julien Macdonald kit, return flights and ski hire for an epic ski getaway, just answer the question below and register your details. Good luck!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Wind, rain, an unending stream of emails to reply to - we can come up with hundreds of reasons not to be excited about Monday morning, but getting dressed for work isn’t one them. Sure, it requires a certain amount of effort (even if you’re lucky enough to live a freelancer lifestyle in sweats and sneakers) but it’s actually a highlight of our day. Here us out. It’s a brief moment of decisiveness and creativity during a week that is likely to include team decision making and practical solutions.This week we’re looking to Instagram’s most influential people to inspire our wardrobe choices. We’re copying their vivid knits and grey jumper combinations, nabbing their use of accessories like belts to lend shape to figure-consuming sweaters and adding comfort through jumper dresses. We’ve scoured Cos, Arket, Samsoe Samsoe and Zara to find affordable alternatives to these Influencer outfits. Check them out and steal an outfit tip too.Credit: Instagram/@thepintorialistworkwear dec 10th2of20£59, Cosstores.com£89, Arket.com£360, Acnestudios.com£780, Alexachung.com£217, Farfetch.com£110, Samsoe.com£35, Topshop.com£8, Asos.com£49.99, Zara.com£138, Matchesfashion.com£320, Matchesfashion.com£490, Harveynichols.com£69, Urbanoutfitters.com£11, Nastygal.com£170, Timberland.co.uk© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Take a second, ask yourself: what should I ask for christmas? At this time of year, searching for the best Christmas gift for ‘her’ or ‘him’ can occupy all your time. We’ve been too busy hunting perfect presents for our nearest and dearest to really think about what we would like to unwrap.Bypass that awkward grimace on the morning of the 25th when you find yourself thanking a sibling for an absurdly misjudged present by answering your loved ones with a specific gift idea when they inevitably ask, ‘what would you like for Christmas?’While we can’t speak to everyone’s tastes we’ve found 27 gifts that are trendy, tasteful, timeless, fun and useful. They are things we can’t justify buying ourselves but would really, really like. Take a look for yourself and then send a link to SantaNow, we know this is one gift we know we'll use everyday...Christmas Gifts For Me 2of28Now, we know this is one gift we know we'll use everyday...Your friends will never get your order wrong again!Follow-Up To 'The Girl With The Pearl Earring': 'The Girl With A Pearl Bracelet'. Post-party season this will be a Godsend. Let this stylish bag make even the most ghastly 3am Ryan Air flight from Luton seem like a chic gettaway. Summer or winter, sunnies are always our most valued (and glamour-giving) accessory. Two words: absolutely irresistible. Meet the 'Cloud Bucket'. It's a faux fur (vegan) hat. And, of course, we need it in our lives. If we didn't know better we'd say this Mango bag looked almost identical to a Victoria Beckham design that's well over double this piece's price. Far better than a MAGA hat, amirright? Plus, everyone you pass will be able to instantly read your fashion and artistic credentials. So we never forget who we are!Up the desk-to-dinner ante in 2019. Well, we know what we want to wear on NYE. The gift of our mental clarity isn't just a present to ourselves but everyone we know. This sublime palette with its earthy and luminous tones will no doubt be the highlight of our beauty bag. Now this is one very attractive way to get our chakras in line. Add an acacia bowl to your kitchen, instantly convince everyone you're a masterchef with merely a simple salad. Have you ever seen a more devilishly attractive electric toothbrush in your life? We say 'ou(a)i' to a transparent toteRarely does a tech accessory make its way onto our agenda, but this Chromecast will finally allow us to sync up our laptop and TV life. Watch as our hosting skills suddenly rival Laura Jackson with this hand-glazed dish. Prove as a gift-giver you know what's up by presenting us with the hottest label to come out of New York. These kitten heels will give our workwear wardrobe the promotion its been long overdue. Everyday a good hair day? Yes please.When we say 'Wait a second while we slip into something more comfortable', we're referring to these shearling slippers. It's actually a disservice to Instagram that right now we don't have a camera as good as the Google Pixel 3's. If you truly love us you'll give us a shoe-a-month subscription and not look at the price as you hit purchase. Who doesn't want good hair for 2019?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The rising feeling of panic, sweat dripping from your brow and the sound of bells following you everywhere? You must be Christmas shopping.With less than a month to go all perspective is lost and it’s less about finding the perfect gift and instead just about getting something, anything as long as it’s in budget and vaguely attractive. You can read as many guides for ‘him’ and ‘her’ as you get your thumbs on but it won’t make the present any more special, sadly. Keen to get some tips on what makes a gift special, we’ve asked some of the most fabulous people we know, what’s the best Christmas present they’ve ever received.It's a tie between my Nespresso machine and my leopard print Alaia coat (from my dad – good taste!). I got it over 10 years ago and it still feels super special whenever I wear it – I think a great present should be something that brings you a bit of excitement. Sadly my sister has enforced a £5 present limit this year, so I'm guessing no Alaia…t's hard to choose as I'm lucky enough to have received some amazing gifts in my life...from a night sleeping under the stars, to a precious Solange Azagury-Partridge diamond ring that allows me to keep my darling dog Maizie in my life, even after she passed away. But I'd have to say my favourite was the 1980 ex-army Land Rover my wonderful boyfriend Will gave me last Christmas. It means I can drive around the countryside with my six rescue dogs, collecting logs for the fire ... and going to the pub. Bliss!My husband gave me a Thakoon for Tasaki Key Lock Necklace and that has always felt so special to me.The best gift I've ever received has to be a personalised ring from Solange Azagury-Partridge that my mum gave me. It's from Solange's Filigree collection and spells out my son's name, Wilf. I love it so much because of the sentiment and every time I glance down at my hand I'm reminded of him! It inspired me to make a personalization service for Sophie Hulme this Christmas. Now our Cocktail Stirrer bag can have your loved one's initial scribed in the centre of the fastening. In Istanbul, we give gifts for New Year's Eve not exactly during Christmas. But, the best gift I've ever received was from my husband Can while we were still dating. He made a stencil of my face with the words 'You're The Love' underneath in Turkish and graffitied it on a street wall. The funny side is he had to run away from the police while trying to finish it because he didn't have permission to put it up. I got such a surprise while walking to his place when I saw it on the street. I Couldn't believe my eyes! When I was younger my grandmother used to tell me different stories about a girl with the same name as me, Estelle. loved listening to them so much and was so fascinated by my grandmother's storytelling. When she passed away, a couple of years ago, aged 96, I thought about the stories and it made me very sad that I never kept them. I tried writing them down, but there were so many that I couldn't remember all of them. On Christmas in 2013, my father got me a small present wrapped in a French newspaper. It was an antique-looking book with the golden letters of Estelle on the cover! I started reading it and all the stories that my grandmother use to tell me came flooding back, which is one of my best memories I have of her! Later my father told me, he found this rare book from the early 19th century at a bookstore right around the corner, where my grandmother used to live in Paris!The most sentimental Christmas present I've ever received was my first sewing machine when I was aged 11. It was an old Singer machine and I made my own clothes on it for years. I look back with such fond memories as that's what paved my career and led me to the point I'm at today. It helped me go from working in the fashion industry at different British brands for over a decade to taking the leap and launching Needle & Thread in 2013.  Five years later, I love to celebrate Christmas with the brand by creating a special collection for the occasion. I often find myself running around pre-Christmas, desperate to tick all the things off my list in a ball of stress. But a few years ago, I decided to spend the time helping my grandmother write her memoir. I learnt so much about her life and uncovering family dynamics from looking through her diaries, and we had such fun doing it together. So when she got them printed into books and gave them to us all at Christmas lunch, it was a moving moment – albeit one that led to rather a few fraught conversations when the family realized she'd been typically honest! She's now 98 and set to come to Christmas at ours this year but I'm so glad that, one day, when she can't be here I'll still have her story to share with my daughters. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For the longest time we thought Madonna was the Queen of personal reinvention, but then Holly Willoughby morphed from chirpy daytime presenter into a break-away fashion star. The ‘effect’ she has on high street stores (M&S, Warehouse and L.K. Bennett) has been well-documented, and even rivals that of Meghan and Kate’s till-ringing. Though she has 4.6 million Instagram followers and her very own hashtag (#HWStyle), her style evolution has been a gradual one. It all changed when Willoughby teamed up with style-maker Angie Smith. She quietly and consciously upped her fashion credentials. There was no watershed moment but a slow reconfiguring of the staples she always wore and the introduction of new, more niche labels. Ashish and Alighieri entered her wardrobe’s vocabulary along with Zimmerman, Ganni and Rixo. It was the ‘mix’ that drew us back to the hashtag - we found ourselves asking was that that top Temperley or Topshop and was it still available to buy. We aren’t the only ones, Google reported that Willoughby set searches soaring for L.K. Bennett by 30 per cent on the day she wore one of their designs.After months of tracking Willoughby’s outfits, it has occurred to us that there are six stylistic tricks she always falls back on. Here’s what we discovered...When on-screen colours and patterns are instantly flattened, Holly brings dynamism backing her ensembles with a-symmetric midi skirts. She relies on cuts that nip in at the waist and pairs them shirts and high-neck tops. Finding the colour that makes your hair and complexion glow is the trick to unlocking your personal style. For Holly, it's all shades of yellow - from marigold to fluoro.Holly wears fuss-free ankle boots to ground mini skirts. Recently she's moved the conversation on from a mid-heeled silhouette to hiking boots courtesy of the tough-treading Grenson and Camila Elphick pairs she's worn recently. To be fair it's probably quite un-PC to call these abbreviated trousers cigarette pants, but that's the moniker they are best known by. Holly wears hers cropped several fingers above the ankle and with heels or heeled ankle boots (of course). Holly is anything but androgynous, which is why ruffles lend themselves so naturally to her playbook. They add texture and a certain girlishness to her aesthetic. For her trip to the I'm A Celebrity jungle, Holly proved shorts can look chic with a roster of roomy A-Line, waist-cinching shorts that fell to mid-thigh.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget Monday’s morning conference, the work Christmas party is the only stalwart on our office agenda we actually care about. We care so much it occupies a significant part of our extracurricular attention in the weeks running up. We’re not the only ones transfixed on finding the perfect outfit, Lyst reports that they have seen significant growth in searches for party dresses in the last two months (with over 12,000 people on the hunt). Last year we had a smattering of sequins and a surprising lack of high heels at the Grazia ‘do. Keen to figure out how normal our work Christmas party habits are, we profiled a cross-section of four women on how they get ready for theirs…What's The Vibe Of Your Work Christmas Party?It's usually very food-focused - we go for really nice long meal and then go out in east London. We tend to stay local around Hackney for both the restaurant and afterwards, but occasionally we've been known to go out further afield (see me at Annabels's left). Everyone from the studio I work at attends. How Long Do You Take Getting Ready?Not long at all, once the clothes are on I just do simple make-up if any. I always wear something quite casual. To be honest, it's usually something I've recently purchase because I love the excitement of wearing it for the first time. This year I'm planning to wear a simple white shirt, long black Pleats Please by Issey Miyake skirt, a black Simone Rocha coat, earrings and a black beaded bag from ShrimpsWhat Did You Wear Last Year?Last year I wore a black Pleats Please by Issey Miyaki high-neck pleated top with a black blazer with red polka dot mesh skirt from Simone Rocha with hoop earrings from Céline. I loved it mostly because I so rarely wear colour!What's The Vibe Of Your Work Christmas Party? Our office Christmas party is a sophisticated affair, usually in a hired venue close to the office in London (this year it's at The Brewery), with a sit-down dinner followed by music and dancing. There is normally a fun photo booth, a raffle and surprise gifts for the staff. All staff in the London office are invited (around 120) and we usually have a good turnout.How Long Do You Take Getting Ready?As our party is usually on a Thursday, which means working the following day, some of us who have long journeys to work tend to book rooms in a Travelodge nearby and get ready there after work. I will spend around 45 minutes getting ready (taking a shower if there's time with a quick change into my party dress and jewellery, re-apply my make-up and curl my hair with straighteners).How Do You Decide What To Wear?The dress code is usually cocktail dresses or black tie, it's a rare treat for me to dress-up. Earlier this year I went on a mini cruise and bought a few cocktail dresses so I will be wearing one of those - a knee-length fitted black dress with vertical pleats and a shawl collar with diamanté pin detail (stretchy of course, to allow for the dinner!) and black satin shoes covered with sequins and a low heel (for dancing the night away).What Did You Wear Last Year?Last year I wore a cobalt blue cocktail dress with an asymmetric neckline, which was draped and gathered at the waist – it was a welcome change from black and I felt amazing in it - it's very flattering but also stretchy and comfortable.What's The Vibe Of Your Work Christmas Party? Super fun, they really think about an event that suits all employees. There is always lots of dancing! Everyone from head office attends. It's usually somewhere fabulous and big enough to fit us all in! At this year's summer party, there was a Ferris wheel, funfair games, food stalls and silent discos. Too many DJs performed last year. So we have high expectations for it!How Long Do You Take Getting Ready?I don't usually take that long getting ready. As I love dresses and a daytime sequin it's a case of putting some make-up on and a pair of heels.How Do You Decide What To Wear?I pretty much wear ASOS all the time, so it has to be something from onsite. I normally go for an outfit that nods to the latest trends and next seasons trends too. This year I'm going to wear an ASOS Edition Double breasted blazer in Sequin with either cycling shorts or jeans. Plus my new Balenciaga neon heels- I like to mix my high street pieces with designer. What Did You Wear Last Year?I wore an ASOS Design patched floral and sequin dress, I loved it as it was a mix of day and evening with the print and sequins. We always sell a statement sequin dress around this time of year - this year it is an asymmetric draped sequin dress, which I am saving for New Year's Eve!What's The Vibe Of Your Work Christmas Party?Our work Christmas party is lots of fun, full of laughter and a great opportunity for the team to get together. All the Brighton team attends so we always choose a location in Brighton as it is convenient for everyone. Usually, we go out for dinner followed by drinks in a nice wine bar. Last year we went to Browns and then onto Plateau wine bar. How Long Do You Take Getting Ready?When I finish work it's straight in the shower and use one of my favourite body creams and fragrances to wear for the evening, I really like Sisley's Eau de Soir right now. I also tend to book myself in for a wash and blow-dry for the day of the party as I love to be pampered! It's then onto getting my make -p done which I set aside one hour for. I make sure my face is thoroughly cleansed, toned and moisturized as this then gives me a great canvas for my foundation to last the whole evening. When I am going out I tend to choose bronzed toned eyeshadows, a lash building mascara and a nude lip. As for clothes, I choose something I feel comfortable in and think complements my figure, but I also ask the girls what they are wearing! What Did You Wear Last Year?Caramel-coloured trousers, a white blouse and cream blazer all from Zara with a pair of strappy beige shoes from Michael Kors.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's a well-known fact that as soon as we open our front door and plonk our keys on the side-board we whip off our bra. Likely untangling ourselves from its confines as we make our way to bedroom.Imagine a world where your bra is comfortable enough to keep on long after politely necessary. Imagine a bra that doesn’t pinch your back and leave strangled red marks across your shoulders at the end of the day. No digging-in but also - importantly - no constantly tugging up of a lolling strap that refuses to stay put. It exists!Thousands, scrap that, millions tuned in this weekend to watch Victoria’s Secret’s annual parade of near-naked glamazons stride through a celebrity-filled arena. Though the tides have turned and this school of hike-up lingerie and rock solid abs no longer has the resonance it once did (not helped by the company’s recent controversial anti-trans and sizeist comments), the American brand is still a bastion of the bra industry. It can be hard to push past its exclusive push-up message, but there are some brands managing to. They sell on ethics and inclusivity and on comfort.We’ve found 23 (!) bra brands that don’t give gyp and don’t publicize a dodgy message about LGBTQ rights. Scroll through the best bras around to give your intimates drawer an uplift.bras lingerie2of23© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A study published by the UN recently revealed the most dangerous place for women is at home. That is how starkly common domestic violence is. With the support of NGOs around the world, one of the biggest power players in the fashion industry is attempting to combat it.At an event in Paris, the umbrella company that owns shares in Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent, Balenciaga and Bottega Veneta fought to bring visibility to an issue that affects 1 in 3 women. Kering Foundation, which celebrates its tenth anniversary this year, is spearheading initiatives against domestic violence as well as cyberstalking, mental health and toxic gender narratives.‘We will continue the fight,’ an impassioned François-Henri Pinault, chairman and CEO of Kering, said in his speech, ‘I want the Kering Foundation to explore new fields of action. Prevention, for example, by raising awareness among men about violence against women. I also keep in mind the fate of the children, who are often direct or indirect victims of this violence.’ He added that the decade before has left him with ‘pride for what we have done thus far, and determination for the future.’Kering Foundation2of3With 60 per cent of Kering’s employees and 80 per cent of its customers female, Pinault and the Kering Group are aware of how crucial their mission is. ‘When the Kering Foundation started 10 years ago, violence against women was such a taboo and it was quite a bold stand for a company to decide to focus its combat on this cause,’ explains Céline Bonnaire, the Foundation’s executive director. But, then #metoo happened and the conversation around violence against women shifted.‘The silence about sexual violence has been broken, across borders, across social classes, across industries. It has built on the work that women’s organizations and movements have been doing for many years,’ Bonnaire says. ‘But sexism still exists and I am afraid it will take more than a movement to stop it.’With the support of specialised NGOs Solidarité Femmes in France, D.i.Re in Italy, Women’s Aid in the UK and NNEDV in the US – the Foundation is pioneering a new training program for their staff on domestic violence and its impact on the workplace. Over 1200 people have attended, so far.To move the conversation forward, the Foundation is now widening its scope to include men in the conversation. Challenging cyberbullying with a campaign called I Don’t Speak Hate was the first step but now they've launched their latest social mission, #ICouldHaveBeen. As Bonnaire says, ‘the Kering Foundation will support [a range of] programs that challenge harmful belief systems and in particular, the question of masculinity, working with youth, both boys and girls.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The conversation about workwear so often turns to what we can’t wear, rather than what we can. Like weddings, offices come with a dress code. But, there’s no champagne reception or first dance, just a sorry cup of Pret coffee and an endless stream of emails.Be it start-up hoodies or, more common than not, a murky mid-way point between business suits and smart casual, these restrictions can be the thing that drives our working wardrobe into the doldrums; boring, mostly black and, in our option, safe.At Grazia offices, we naturally have a little more freedom to flex our sartorial muscles. The wildest prints and the most manic colour pairings are cheered, but for most working women, this isn’t the case. Women, unfortunately, are judged on what they wear, their professionalism is levied up in tandem with their personal style. Understandably that can mean we interpret office-appropriate fashion in the safest way. Even here at Grazia, we find ourselves falling into a pigeonhole of tailored trousers and shirts.After studying how influencers carry themselves and put together their own ensembles it becomes clear that they too are judged on their outfits. Sure, their credit card limit is greater than ours, but the rubric of what works for them is the same as it is for us. Use these women as a guide on how to add a touch of excitement to your 9-to-5 look. Introduce a plaid blazer and pink shirt like Maria De La Ord or a headband like Caro Daur to instantly up your office’s ante.Credit: Instagram/@mariadelaordworkwear 26th nov2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Picture the scene: Céline Dion storms into a maternity ward, the babies are divided by gender, forced into either blue and pink clothing, archaic norms forcing them apart already at only days old. Céline sprinkles black glitter over all of them and POOF, they’re clothes are no longer gendered, they are free from social constructs and one aspect of the patriarchy no longer holds them back from wearing whatever they want to wear. This is the advert for Céline's new children’s clothing collection with NUNUNU, and once again Céline is proving a legend.Her collection, dubbed Celinununu, launched yesterday and features over 70 ‘stereotype-free’ styles for kids aged zero to 14. Aiming to free children from one facet of socialisation, the brand aims to ‘help them feel free, creative, inspired, respectful of one another and happy in the world.’ Working with funders Iris Adler and Tali Milchberg, the collection ‘let’s children choose outside stereotypes and norms so they can bring from within their own tastes and preferences,’ she said.Style wise, the collection is very teenage emo-phase, all black, white, grey or yellow featuring skulls, stars and geometric shapes. Essentially, if you want to support Céline's ambitions for gender neutrality and fit in with your edgy pre-teen, this is a win-win.‘I’ve always loved NUNUNU and what they represent,’ Céline wrote on Twitter, ‘Partnering with Iris and Tali to encourage a dialogue of equality and possibility makes so much sense.’ Of course, raising your children without archaic gender norms comes at a price, with clothing starting at £34 for leggings and rising to £230 for a leather jacket. There is a £16 Skull hat there though, if you want to give your baby an edge on a budget.Credit: CelinununuCeline Dion Kids Clothing Collection - Grazia (slider)2of9It's the advert however thats getting the most attention, with many praising Céline's acting skills and calling for her to pull a Lady Gaga and from turn pop icon to Oscar-worthy legend. 'I can't believe they called security', Céline exclaims in the advert, after freeing the children from the chains of gendered clothing. While we sit back and wonder why exactly the maternity ward did call security on her, apart from the fact she's a stranger in a maternity ward blowing glitter on all of the kids, Céline is arrested while shouting 'I'm Céline Dion!'.Strange concept that it is, the message is clear: we must free our children from (frankly BORING) stereotypical clothing choices that tie them to a certain gender. Start early, with the smaller things, and maybe our kids will question the larger gender norms placed on them throughout childhood.You don't necessarily have to buy the £230 leather jacket to do it of course, but any effort to move away from oppressive norms is a move we think Céline would approve of. And if Céline approves, you're onto a winner.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...ICYMI: Christmas season 2019 has officially begun. First the Queen of Christmas herself, Mariah Carey, kicked it all off with her newly iconic Walkers Christmas ad. For your viewing pleasure:And then, today, John Lewis dropped their 2019 Christmas advert featuring Edgar the excitable dragon and his human best friend, Ava. When Edgar sees all the children in his village partaking in Christmas festivities, he too wants to join in on the fun...only to inadvertently ruin it by burning the snowman/ice rink/Christmas tree. Poor little guy. But don't worry, Ava saves the day and shows Edgar how important he is. And while this ad might be the cutest thing we've ever seen, there have been quite a few fabulous Christmas adverts over the years. Remember Mog the cat and his horrible day? What about Monty the Penguin? From the ones that make you cry and immediately call everyone you love to the ones that make you laugh out loud, here's the best Christmas adverts from days of yore...Shown only on social media after being banned from TV, Iceland's 2018 advert told the story of a little girl who found an orangutan in her bedroom after he was displaced from his home because of palm oil production. It pulled on our heart strings — and made us think about where we did our shopping.Described as being about 'the power of a gift. And how that gift inspired, changed and influenced the course of a little boy’s life.' The little boy happens to be Elton John, and the whole thing is really adorable.Directed by Michael Gracey, the director of The Greatest Showman, this advert shows the North Star overcoming her nerves and delivering the performance of a lifetime.Is there anything better than showing little girls they can be anything they want to be?Aldi's 2017 Christmas advert followed the adventures of Kevin the Carrot and his new girlfriend, Katie, also a vegetable.If this advert doesn't make you year up, I don't know what to tell you. The message and simple and sweet: the best gift we can give each other is the gift of being present.The twist at the end makes this advert worth it. Just watch.You know what they say, there's no place like home for the holidays...Because why should Mr Claus get all the credit?!This is the best Christmas advert of all time; I will hear no arguments.Just make time for the people who are important to you, ok? You wouldn't want anyone in your family to have to pull a move like this...Raising awareness for Age UK, this sweet advert tells the story of a little boy on earth and his unlikely friendship with a man living on the moon.Made in partnership with The Royal British Legion and inspired by real events from 100 years ago, this advert relives the extraordinary events of Christmas in 1914 when soldiers from both sides of the war came together to celebrate.Fun fact: fairies Magic and Sparkle had 12,000 Twitter followers before this ad even aired.Where can we find a Monty to hang out with?Featuring music from Lily Allen, this ad follows the adventure of a bear and a hare.READ MORE: Is Hugh Grant Slowly Morphing Into His About A Boy Character?READ MORE: Lush’s New Bath Bomb Conveyor Belt Is A Christmas Shopping Game-Changer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I spent last week trying to pinpoint exactly what my wardrobe was missing and was stumped. I already have the big signifiers of the season, like tartan (left over from when it was last 'in'), a pair of knee-high boots and a blazer to layer over the pretty printed midaxi (that's mid-to-maxi) dresses that I stocked up on earlier this summer. But yet, I didn't feel like the outfits I was putting together were very modern, very with it. And, that's when I cracked the code of autumn winter 2018.The pace of trends has slowed right down to snail pace for winter. What a relief, am I right? Instead, of the zhush-y trends that usually burn bright but fast, this season is filled with luxe concepts that will steep your wardrobe with a richness that will last for seasons. It means looking for luxe concepts, like opulent coloured leather (forest green, not bottle and burgundy, not scarlet) and statement stitching to show off the lines of complicated tailoring. We're also keen on a soft stone palette, which makes the most of hygge brown hues, multi-hued knits that update the concept of colour blocking and animal prints that edge on the abstract and artistic.To help you navigate what's out there here are two options for each update.Opulent Leather LITTLE LUXE UPGRADES2of10Opulent Leather Opulent Leather Statement StitchingStatement StitchingSoft TonesSoft TonesMulti-Hue KnitsMulti-Hue KnitsAbstract AnimalsAbstract Animals© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s no avoiding it: Christmas is just around the corner, meaning your consumption of buffet food and sparkles is about to go up. Way up. It also means you’re going to have to start thinking gifts imminently. Yikes!But where do you turn if you’re flat out of ideas? What do you do if you refuse to buy filler gifts but don’t have time to trawl the shops for inspo? Tory Burch might just have the answer. The American house – renowned for its peppy New York polish – has joined forces with Susan Miller, for a very different kind of gift guide.Miller, for those who don’t know, is the fash pack’s favourite astrologer – those who do know, no doubt receive (and duly take note of) her daily Astrology Zone readings every morning. And now, in an inspired mood, Burch has enlisted Miller’s skills to curate holiday gift guides tailored to the 12 zodiac signs.Each guide includes an assortment of holiday gift ideas handpicked by Miller and assigned to an each astrological sign based on that sign’s signature traits. ‘The stars show us our loved one’s proclivities,’ says Miller. ‘There is the perfect gift out there for everyone, one just needs to look above to find it.’So what can you expect? For romantic Pisces, blush pink accessories and silk blouses; for patient and practical Taurus, neutral cashmere sweaters. Practical and discerning Virgos get a chic crossbody bag and watch; elegant Libras, a pearl necklace or ladylike shoulder bag). Gemini’s wanderlust is tapped into with a cotton dress and neat, travel-light bags; Aries get suggestions in their lucky colour – red.There are no socks (or tall dark strangers) in sight. We predict it will take the hassle out of holiday season shopping.Tory Burch horoscope collection 2of5© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Party season is upon us, which means it's time to spruce up your wardrobe with a new selection of envious day-to-night outfits. In fact, don't even think about replying to these party invites until you've completed your party-perfect wardrobe with some of our suggestions, below...Dress, Shoes, Bag, all MICHAEL Michael KorsMost parties tend to take place after a long day in the office, so we figure that the perfect day-to-night outfit looks polished and effortless, yet leaves you feeling comfortable. Enter: the do-it-all dress.Wondering exactly what that is? Essentially, it's a dress that's so versatile you can wear it almost anywhere, whether you're at work or out for drinks with friends. Think something like this boho-inspired printed number - it comes complete with a cinched in waist and sultry neck tie. During the day, you can pair this dress with flats and an oversized handbag, but come evening, bold wedges and a clutch will give your outfit party status. See, who ever said going from the office to after-work drinks was hard?Dress, Shoes, Jacket, Bag, all MICHAEL Michael KorsDecadent black and silver colouring? Check. Great Gatsby-inspired dress? Check. Killer boots? Double check! If this Art Deco-inspired outfit doesn't scream party season, then we don't know what does.For a wearable day-to-night metallic look, opt for bedazzling yet chic accessories that will see you through the transition - think comfortable-but-cool black boots, a cult classic leather jacket, and an embellished bag. During the day, wear a low-key dress with your accessories, but when you want to hit the town, throw on an attention-grabbing, beaded one-piece, instead.Dress, Shoes, Bag, Coat, all MICHAEL Michael KorsA pop of colour goes a long way, especially during party season. Take the floral trend to new heights by layering a bold coat over a printed party dress. You can wrap yourself - quite literally - in luxury with a rosy pink faux fur jacket. This eye-catching cover-up will be sure turn heads when you arrive at a party.Don't forget to punctuate your ensemble with a bold accessory - think platform heels or a colourful clutch bag. Once this outfit's complete, you'll be the life and soul of the party - we promise.Dress, Jacket, Boots, Bag, all MICHAEL Michael KorsThe new take on party season is all about the mix. Think glittering skirts paired with a printed puffer (because who said comfort and style have to be mutually exclusive?) and some high-shine black boots. Yep, clashes of prints and rich texture finishes are what make for an alluring evening look, while a stylish jacket will keep you protected from the elements without downgrading your outfit - the perfect grown-up way to wear a puffer.For a daytime look, wear this outfit with tights and minimal makeup. But after work, show off your legs and go heavy on the metallic eyeshadow - it is party season, after all, and that's the perfect time to make a statement.Shop these day-to-night pieces and more from MICHAEL Michael Kors. Plus, see which MICHAEL Michael Kors pieces Grazia is coveting for the party season, below:Credit: Terracotta Woven Leather Large Mott Crossbody Micheal Kors Commercial 2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For all its faults - and by golly there are many - there are moments when we couldn’t live without social media. During fashion week, it’s the first place to surface the trends, the street style and the catwalks up close. When it’s payday it’s laden with glorious brands that we are just one tap away from owning. But, it’s Monday morning when we think it really comes into our own.No matter if you work in a conservative or creative office, Instagram has a steady stream of influencers ready and willing to inspire. Fueling our shopping habit with affordable gems and spiking our interest with styling ideas we would have never have thought of, the ‘gram is for us, at least, the first place we go to when inspiration doesn’t strike. We can summon up five outfit ideas within seconds and be sure that they have Likability inscribed into them. Here’s five we will be copying this week...Credit: Instagram/@deborabrosaworkwear november 12th2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just look at Emily Ratajkowski with her long Bambi limbs and cultivated bombshell look, who wouldn’t want to be her? The Dolce Vita of Instagram embodies the breezy type of confidence I, for one, would love to have naturally. OK, my abs will never be as washboard as hers but I can craft my wardrobe into that of a consummate stone cold fox as Emrata has. Unknowingly, it’s Los Angeles label The Line By K that helps me feel in their words ‘unapologetically strong and sexy’.Founded by the influencer Karla Deras some three-years-ago as a vehicle for her to make ‘basics that aren’t basic’. The pieces rarely stray away from a palette of black, white and grey, but when they do they pack a punch. The green Izzy top, for instance, has the type of zing that gets instant double taps on Instagram.So, the pieces are sexy (in a grown-up way), which is obviously appealing, but there were two things that pushed me from ‘add to basket’ to actually purchasing. Firstly, most pieces are machine washable. This is so often overlooked, but in the longrun makes a heap of difference. And, secondly, it can be paid for in instalments. While the clothes aren’t wince-inducing expensive, to begin with, this old-fashioned trick makes justifying the purchase possible when payday is a mere figment in the distance.See you at checkout!The Line By K1of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Netflix famously watches our every binging move and creates TV shows and films based on what we’ve already digested. Take House of Cards for instance, Netflix outbid HBO to air two seasons of the show because they knew their viewers had already gobbled up The Social Network (also directed by David Fincher) and that those who had already watched the British series of HoC also liked Kevin Spacey films. Imagine if a fashion brand had this level of intricate data at its fingertips what it could do with it.Yoox, best known as the umbrella company that owns Net-A-Porter, Mr Porter, The Outnet and their namesake off-season website, has created it’s first ever fashion collection. With so much intel about customers from across the globe shopping at every conceivable price-point a mouse click away they decided to mine their in-house data to create a collection that runs from size XS to XXL and starts at £25.‘Let me explain how we work,’ Erik Ostling, Yoox’s director of private label tells Grazia, ‘to propose the most relevant contemporary essentials, we carefully analyse the incredibly vast amount of sales data and customer feedback we have access to. With the aid of an internally developed AI-driven innovative tool, working on three levels of research and analysis - semantic, iconographic and chromatic - we are able to intersect this information with data from the web, social media and online magazine content.’ From this, they create a dynamic mood-board, which also represents seasonal and long-term trends and a collection that represents the DNA of Yoox ('contemporary essentials married with Italian design, versatility and accessible quality'). Ostling calls it a ‘dialogue between man and machine.’Dubbed 8 By Yoox, this new collection is everything you would expect from data-rich design. There are pieces you’re probably familiar with and buy every season, like fluted pleated skirts, leather kick flares and a couple of teddybear coats. While it may be familiar in concept, the range, which includes womenswear, menswear, shoes and bags, isn’t without its surprises. Take the mini leather pinafore, for instance, we’re looking forward to wearing it with thick ribbed tights and the lace-up ghillie shoes.Take a look at the collection for yourself...8 By Yoox1of32© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There will be no escaping it today for it’s the Victoria’s Secret catwalk show. While the lingerie may be filmy little diaphanous frippery, the coverage will be unmissable.Bella and Gigi Hadid, Kendall Jenner, Stella Maxwell, the models that walk their annual catwalk extravaganza are so famous they could eclipse any event, except this. Streaming to 1.4 billion people in over 190 countries, this is a megawatt spectacle that shares more common ground with Miss World and the Grammys than a standard runway show. It looked likely that nothing could unseat Victoria’s Secret in the underwear market. Sure, the sales weren’t singing like they use to and Ashley Graham had called out the brand for its lack of size inclusivity, but the shows were so big, so global, it didn’t seem to matter. Until Rihanna stepped in.With #metoo murmuring in the background, the fashion market began asking: what does it mean to empower women? We accept the body is political, but how does it take part in the conversation around underwear. Ask yourself about the politics of pants and what bubbles up? Male-run boardrooms and an industry sagging and lagging behind. Companies with firm principals on sustainability, inclusivity and a responsible manufacturing chain stand to benefit in this current climate.Indead, Rihanna has made it her raison d'être to disrupt. She did it first with Fenty beauty, and she did it again with her first Savage X Fenty runway show earlier this year.A pregnant Slick Woods in nipple pasties and a babydoll clad Paloma Elsseser are the poster girls of this new era of lingerie. Rihanna took the lingerie market with both hands and filled the gaps. Her models had curves, they had six-packs, stretch marks, curly hair, straight hair, no hair and a raw confidence that came from their underwear, which wasn’t expensive or sized for a gym bunny. Nude no longer meant pastel pink and the signifiers of sexy - long legs, blonde waves, boobs that weren’t too big (nor to small, mind) - no longer had currency. 'Inspired to create a line of intimates that celebrates and speaks to all shades and shapes, Savage X Fenty will celebrate fearlessness, confidence, and inclusivity,’ said the brand’s press team.' I am completely obsessed with Savage and everything it stands for,' confides Lotte Williams, an underwear model who at size 12 falls into the 'plus' bracket even thought she's two dress sizes smaller than the average UK woman. 'It’s proof that being truly diverse really isn’t that difficult and brands need to stop making excuses.'It would make a nice neat narrative to say Rihanna did this on her own (albeit with financial backing from the sexily named Techsyle Fashion Group). But, it’s not the case. Next year Curvy Kate will be celebrating it’s 10th birthday, while Neon Moon, Me and You and Toru & Naoko their fifth, and these are only a few of the brands out there catering to feminists.Like the grandmother of this arena, Curvy Kate has spent the last decade witnessing and campaigning for bras to come in all sizes. ‘Bras are not easy to make,’ confides Phoebe Preston, Social and Communications Executive at Curvy Kate, ‘that’s what makes us different because girls of all shapes, sizes and curves test our bras.’ Indeed, their website markets to women’s desires, not just a man’s boudoir dreams, with designs (from the sexy to the every day) modelled by women of all sizes. It’s a far cry from the aggressively perky sample sized bodies seen on other websites.Lingerie Brands For Feminists2of8When it comes to disrupters, Beija London has broken away from the systematic oppression of ancient size guides. Instead, they have their own classifications. ‘Our message is that one style doesn't fit all’, explains Mazie who set up the label with her sister Abbie, 'we invented three different sizing categories named X, Y and Z. The level of construction in each category is adjusted, offering a wire-free range for smaller cups, mid-level support for B-D and a full support range up to a 36G.’Customers want to be seen, not just in terms of size and shape but skin tone too. As Beija London has expanded their sizes range, labels like Nubian Skin and Fenty have widened the colour palette of ‘nude’ to include those often overlooked.‘Women and non-binary people are looking to buy from companies which understand and promote their views across the board which is why we're seeing such a huge growth in inclusive brands becoming the norm,’ Neon Moon’s Shaakirah Iqbal tells Grazia. Cellulite in all its wobbly glory is celebrated by the London-based Neon Moon, which has a strict no Photoshop policy. But, their concept of empowerment is beyond skin deep as their production methods are as sustainable as possible and meticulously considered to create a conscious product.Stats from Net-A-Porter echo Neon Moon as the luxury retailer has said it’s become increasingly aware of the demand for representation within lingerie and is widening its offering to be more inclusive. They’ve already doubled their investment for Cruise SS19 in DD+ bras by buying extended ranges from existing brands, like Stella McCartney, Fleur Du Mal and Agent Provocateur, while onboarding newer labels, like Adina Ray. ‘Net-A-Porter recognises that diversity moves beyond just size, and brands are waking up to this too,’ says PR executive, Anissa Jaffery.In the 20 years since Figleaves launched, Jenni Burt, head of brand and buying, has seen a dramatic shift across the lingerie market. ‘[W]omen were largely being squeezed into a small size range of 32-36" and A to C cups,’ she recalls, ‘The main change we have seen is a move away from heavily padded bras to supportive but comfortable styles.’ It’s a movement she credits to the lessening dominance of the male gaze.Intimates may be rarely seen, but Neon Moon thinks they make a loud political statement, Iqbal explains, ‘We live in a world where purchase power is as powerful as voting, if not more so. Buying trends predict the future, and the one we're heading to is a more equal world.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...People talk about the ‘It’ item like it has to be a designer handbag, something unreachably expensive and lavishly unnecessary. But, they forget about Marks & Spencer. Since the days of that pink coat, M&S has, like clockwork, made an item that everyone from influencers to our nan want. And they want it so bad, Marks & Sparks struggles to keep it in stock (more on this later).There was that teddy bear coat and the constellation dress, that pleated midi skirt and, of course, this season’s lemon pussy-bow midi dress. These are the pieces that drive the conversation, not just about M&S but about British fashion.Marks has its champions, and they are so so stylish. The incomparable Alexa Chung with her inimitable take on androgyny and prettiness. And, most recently the poster child of run-don’t-walk shopping, Holly Willoughby. The host of This Morning is known for her ability to unearth high street gems and boost their sales by posting them on her Instagram. The frenzy she causes is on par with the Meghan-effect. One nod from Willoughby and shoppers are flooring it to the store.Marks & Spencer Wishlist2of5Capitalising on the waves of buyers that descended on Marks & Spencer’s every time Willoughby wore one of their designs, M&S named her brand ambassador earlier this year. She curated a selection of items for the store, including pencil skirts and jackets, sweaters and ankle boots - essentially a checklist of all the items that have made this TV presenter into a style icon for the masses.Sadly, Willoughby highlighting the appeal of a marigold dress has not been enough to save Marks and Sparks from its dreaded fate. In fact, it may have exacerbated the problems.Today, the retailer’s chief executive, Steve Rowe, reported that sales at stores have been down in the last six months with clothing and homeward sales dropping by 2.7 per cent because of store closures. It’s not just fashion that’s suffered the food halls have felt the pinch too with more accessible rivals Lidl and Aldi squeezing the market.Availability seems to be one of the biggest problems besieging the store. ‘We are letting customers down with availability,’ said Rowe. ‘We have some good products this season and the ranges are improving, but we are still in a position where we are buying too many [clothing] lines. The range is too broad and too shallow.’Willoughby shining a light on the hero items from M&S spotlights the retailers biggest struggle: too many lines and not enough stock. It’s not that the pieces are out-of-step, in fact, it’s the exact opposite, but the trend-led items we want are as hard to get hold of as the latest Supreme drop.Mr Rowe, if you want our advice, do away with the twenty iterations of plain black trousers and slimline the collection to its essentials and anything Alexa or Holly might wear.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Don’t put your style on ice this season: Boden's standout new collection puts the cool in cosying up. So, what are you waiting for? Update your A/W '18 wardrobe with these eight chic outfits, and you'll be sure to look hot, even when it's cold...Blyford Velvet Coat, £160; Isabella Jumper, £90; Sherborne Trousers, £120; all from BodenThis season, offset sporty trousers and neutral knits by teaming with a blush coat. We're calling it: it's the grown-up way to wear pink.Hereford Coat, £180; Daisy Jumper, £90; all from BodenThe timelessly chic camel coat gets a new season upgrade in a fuzzy finish and with retro-inspired stripes on the sleeves. We love.Cord Flares, £75; Anes Fairisle Jumper, £80; Morleigh Leather Jacket, £298; all from BodenThis outfit is where edge meets elegance. In butter-soft leather, a biker is always a good idea – adding all-new-sass to autumn classics. Meanwhile, high-waisted flares are the perfect trousers to tuck your jumpers into.Boxgrove Faux Fur Coat; £170; Arabella Jumper, £55; Morleigh Leather Mini Skirt; £198; all from BodenAnimal print is big news for A/W '18, and you still can’t beat leopard for its instant fierce factor. Wear with leather for a winter look with serious bite.Conwy Coat; £198, Daisy Jumper, £98; Sherborne Trousers, £120; Wool Scarf, £55; Platform Trainers, £110; all from BodenRelaxed trousers, fine-knit roll necks and an oversized scarf are the perfect partners to a simple-meets-statement coat. What weekends are made for.Burley Coat; £275; Isabella Jumper, £90; Burston Cord Skirt, £65; Albemarle Heeled Boots, £198; all from BodenHeritage checks are everywhere right now, but there’s no need to play it safe – instead opt for a bold, primary palette.Essential Rollneck, £28; Easy Midi Dress, £85; Boxgrove Faux Fur Coat, £170; Temple Boho Boots, £180; all from BodenLook to the sleeker side of the ’70s for inspo by teaming a faux-fur jacket with a midi-dress and knee-high boots. Now that's how you nail evening chic when it's chilly.Faux Shearling Coat; £198, Cynthia Dress, £98; all from BodenShades of brown are this season’s brightest proposition. Caramels feel particularly luxe when layered up in contrasting textiles, so be sure to update your wardrobe with this must-have hue.Shop these stylish pieces, plus more, at Boden.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It would be fair to say fashion has been erratic of late. There’s been the craze for cowboy boots and that hot second when Karl Lagerfeld almost tricked us into wearing head-to-toe plastic, but it seems things are calming down, on the sartorial front at least. Unexpected though it may be, there are only six things we think your wardrobe is missing. These are the pieces we know we’ll be wearing come spring (and probably beyond #hoarders).A combination of living more than a hop and a skip from work and having a packed-out schedule means the all-day dress has gained momentum in our lives. We wear it from 9-to-9 without even blinking, although sometimes (when our bag is big enough) we swap our shoes from boots to mules at 6pm. But, to be honest, the reason we’re drawn to these dresses is because they don’t require a restyling session when the working day ends.Tailoring has gone through a transformation, especially the blazer. No longer just for the boys, it’s in fact not just for the boardroom either. We’ve been wearing ours on top of dresses, and now Jacquemus and Matthew Adams Dolans have ushered in the era of twisted tailoring we’re convinced that the old days of straight-laced suits are over.After seasons of sneakers setting the fashion agenda, our feet need to be eased back into the concept of wearing heels again. While a low-heel might not give the same elevation if you find one with a conversational silhouette, like Prada’s Mary-Janes or Mist’s diamante-embellished mules, you’ll make the same impact (but with half the blisters).We have an important question for you: imagine if you could take the hygge feeling of home with you on your commute to work, would you? While we’re not suggesting walking to the bus with a lit candle and a shearling rug, a blanket coat may do the trick. With fringed edges and a woollen construction, the tartan outerwear of Off-White and H&M isn't just compelling but cosy.Jewellery is a talking point. We know that. But, there’s something to be said about the quieter, more subdued designs that let your clothing make the statement. For this we like itty bitty golden accessories, especially by Missoma and Reliquia.Denim has slowly but surely edged its way into our working wardrobe - courtesy of dark, sharp silhouettes - and now it’s been fully reintroduced to our going out-out wardrobe, it’s always on the agenda. With the classic shapes already lovingly stowed away at home our sights are set on wackier constructions. Of course, Marques’Almeida reigns in this arena, but Raey’s wide-leg jeans make a convincing argument too. We’re also having bags of fun with saccharine treats in pastel colours. Our sights are set on the delights of Elleme’s shearling top-handle bag and a violet Staud tote with a marabou collarThe All Day Dressthe new shapes2of21The All Day DressThe All Day DressThe All Day DressTwisted TailoringTwisted TailoringTwisted TailoringWonky HeelsWonky HeelsWonky HeelsBlanket AppealBlanket AppealBlanket AppealGolden HourGolden HourGolden HourDialed Up DenimDialed Up DenimDialed Up DenimBags Of FunBags Of FunBags Of Fun© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...They say three is a trend, but H&M, Zara and Miss Selfridge seem to be taking this idiom quite literally. Of course, with party season on the horizon questions around good/bad taste of sequins get pushed aside and anything that sparkles is welcomed with open arms. But what we’re witnessing isn’t a burgeoning trend but positively identical iridescent dresses sold unilaterally by three different high-street shops.No exaggeration, no hyperbole, theses three dresses look so similar it can’t be a mistake. We get it, it’s hard to resist the visceral appeal of dizzying sequins. And, of course, they tap into a trend started by Michael Halpern’s namesake label that has swathed the likes of Adowa Aboah and Amal Clooney in dazzling dresses replete with lashings of sparkles.The dresses in question are sequined with long sleeves, high necks and a specific ombre pattern that’s unmistakable. Zara’s ‘Sequin Dress’ rings in at £39.99 and features a rounded neckline and multicoloured appliqué. While Miss Selfridges’s £89 ‘Ombre Sequin Mini Dress’ may have an indistinguishable palette the dress is cut with slightly fluted sleeves and a higher-neckline. Like the symbiosis of the two, ASOS’ show-stopping sequin dress, which is due to drop on site imminently, has more exaggerated sleeves but a dead-ringer fabric.Halpern designed an eerily similar dress as part of his first collection, which has been developed into a £870 top for this season. Yet, inspiration aside, the three dresses from Zara, Miss Selfridges and ASOS put a spotlight on how precise high-street trends can be and how small the mass-market really is.Perhaps, the similarity is down to a small spectrum of pre-made sequined fabrics being available and a fevered interest in a specific party dress silhouette, or perhaps it’s pure coincidence.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Bleurgh’ - that inelegant, barely verbal grown is how we feel about Monday mornings. If we could skip right past them and meet you in the office at lunchtime we would, but sadly the working world hasn’t accounted for our sluggishness. One way to skip over the first hurdle of the week is to pre-plan your outfits the night before.Using our extensive and well-honed knowledge of what’s in stock where and putting our Instagram addiction to good use, we’ve compiled five outfits inspired by five influencers that we’ll be wearing from 9-to-5 this very week. We plan to liven up the meeting room with lemon trousers, but the pedal to the metal when the deadline dawns with a pair of snakeskin boots and fight the good fight with the office temperature with a ribbed sweater. Sounds like a sartorial car crash? Well scroll down to see how it turns out.Credit: Instagram/@maria_bernadINSTAGRAM WORKWEAR WK 05.11.182of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's hard to have a bad day in a good coat. When your outerwear is on top form, not even the chilly weather can hold you back. That's why it's important to invest in a jacket that'll leave you looking your very best, and feeling in your element. Shop Grazia's edit of the slickest sporty luxe A/W'18 jackets below, and beat the chill in style...Credit: Superdry Astrae Quilt Padded Jacket, £89.99 from SuperdryLayer up the colourful way this A/W'18 with a bright puffa jacket. For a casual but cosy look, throw this padded jacket - which comes complete with an elasticated hem and cuffs - over a slogan tee or sweatshirt, and pair it with denim for ultimate cool-girl vibes.Credit: Offshore Luxe Chevron Fuji Jacket, £94.99, from SuperdrySporty jackets aren't just for hitting the slopes. This A/W'18, incorporate a little bit of alpine chic into your everyday wardrobe by donning this Offshore Luxe Chevron Fuji Jacket. The slim fit will flatter your figure, whilst the padding and faux-fur trim hood will keep you looking hot, even whilst it's cold outside. See, no need to fear the rain or snow this season!Credit: Kiki Leather Biker Jacket, £179.99 from SuperdryFact: a leather biker jacket should be a staple in every woman's wardrobe. Why? Because they can be shouldered over so many outfits for a rock-and-roll look. This season, we're coveting this premium leather jacket from Superdry, which boasts an asymmetrical zip fastening and attitude-worthy buckle belt. We love.Credit: Ashley Everest Jacket, £129.99 from SuperdryBe ready for any sudden chill with this eye-catching caramel number. The contrasting black zip and popper fastening, paired with the fleece lined body and hood, will leave you feeling so cosy that you'll never want to take this jacket off.Credit: Rookie Hawk Parka Jacket, £99.99 from SuperdryQ: What coat will give you serious street attitude? A: This cool camo parka. Featuring a black camouflage design and a handy detachable faux fur trim, this coat will help you march right into the military trend. Atte-ntion! Credit: SDX Arctic Hood Jacket, £84.99 from SuperdryThere's no arguing: this Arctic Hood Jacket is so much more than your average puffa. Just look at how chic and fitted it is. And considering that it's available in four colours, we don't think we'll ever be taking this off.Shop these A/W'18 jackets and more at Superdry, and live everyday #InYourElement. Plus, win 1 of 5 Superdry jackets to see you through the chilly seasons by entering our competition below:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When the season of hot chocolates and hygge finally rolls around, the population divides into roughly two camps. Who’s watching Strictly Come Dancing and who would rather gouge their eyeballs out? Close. It’s who’s cracking out their tights and who are bravely going bare until December, or a polar vortex arrives.I know women who greet their opaques like long lost relatives after a summer of waxing their legs to smooth perfection; others challenge themselves to a tights-free winter. It’s early days, but the latter group might be rethinking the boycott right about now. Not only is frostbite a serious faux-pas, but the fashion pack has fallen back in love with tights.They aren’t just digging out their sheer and black hosiery (although Naomi Campbell made a convincing case for both at Princess Eugenie’s wedding and looked marginally less cold than other guests). Statement colours and patterns are also having a moment.Balenciaga’s autumn/winter show was a parade of jewel-toned tights, while Danish influencer and Social Zoo founder Pernille Teisbaek is a fan of icy cool shades like white and grey. Chiara Ferragni picked a polka-dot pair for the Philosophy show in Milan, while fashion stylist Emili Sindlev wore Fendi’s sell-out logo tights in baby blue with metallic sandals way back in April.According to global fashion search platform Lyst, Sindlev and her patterned pins are onto something. Searches for 'monogrammed' and 'logo' tights have increased a combined 48 per cent year-on-year, with Gucci and Fendi topping the list of the most popular brands. The latter’s black nylon stockings covered in interlocking Fs are available now for £150 or you can pre-order the spangled gold version just in time for Christmas party season (£170). Gucci’s gold pair also clock in at £170, but are in stock.Good old M&S, purveyors of the best value three-pack of good quality 60 deniers at £6, has a section called 'Fashion tights' that is surprisingly less ominous than it sounds. The glittery silver pair might not be embroidered with twin Gs, but will still add much-needed razzle-dazzle during the bleak midwinter (£8).You have to be careful with coloured tights - too garish a shade will make you look like you got dressed in a power cut. Maria La Rosa’s tights on Matchesfashion.com come in a range of cheerful paintbox-brights, including rose-pink, strawberry and turquoise (£33). A tonal outfit will look much softer than contrasting colours so try the strawberry tights with a floral pink dress, or vice versa, and the turquoise with pastel blue or muted peacock.It’ll also, pay to upgrade your basic hosiery wardrobe this winter. Fashion editors swear by the seamless, sag-resistant tights from Heist that start from £19. In winter, the brand sells a pair every 15 seconds so they’re obviously doing something right, namely the fact that you can choose a low or high waistband on their 30, 50 and 80 denier designs and they’re guaranteed not to sag halfway through the day. Their Nude tights also come in a range of seven different skin tones. Fiona Fairhurst, the brand’s vice president of innovation, says they’ll be launching colours later this year due to customer demand. For now, wear their opaques with anything from ankle boots and trainers to platform sandals (yes sandals). 'We tuck the toe seam underneath the toes, making them ideal for pairing with sandals,' says Fairhurst.One final note is that Weekday has the best collection of coloured hosiery on the high street - think spearmint-green to turmeric and violet - that are all £10.That’s the other great thing about this trend. Aside from actually keeping your bottom half warm - you can give your credit card a well-deserved holiday.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Cool and comfortable in equal measure, it’s no wonder that trainers have been voted the UK’s most popular shoe style.Throw style Midas Holly Willoughby into the mix and you just know you’re onto a wardrobe winner.Which is exactly what the bosses at Marks & Spencer must have been plotting, when they asked the I’m A Celebrity host to do a follow up edit of her now iconic ‘Holly’s Must-Haves’ range.The high street stalwart released Holly Willoughby’s second edit last week – with M&S reporting record sales of the camel Autograph suit (a glorious new take on suiting for winter) and the updated animal print dress – which nearly sold out due to an early release of the dress on Instagram.But M&S sources tell us that it’s the £45 leather lace-up trainer (gallery below) that’s been steadily gaining a cult following, with sales up by 100% this week alone.Blame the cold snap. Blame our comfort-craving feet. But these kicks are the perfect fashion fodder for bonfire weekend (as well as timeless enough to stand the rest of time)Over the last year Willoughby’s style has taken a new direction as a result of working closely with celebrity stylist Angie Smith. Her relatable mix of affordable and designer pieces has garnered Willoughby a loyal legion of fashion fans, and the daily Instagram snaps of her on-air outfits seen by her 3.9 million followers have caused numerous items to sell out.In June Oasis reported that a dress worn by the TV presenter sold out in record time, and a similar situation occurred when Willoughby posted a pink Hunza G swimsuit in April. Undoubtedly one of many reasons why M&S chose to sign up the TV presenter in time for autumn/winter.If success is counted in sales (which it is) then this second release was another hit – with the leopard print trainer selling out on the day of release. Luckily it is still available in Black and White.These £45 cult trainers from Holly Willoughby's M&S edit sold out in record time...Holly Willoughby's M&S Must-Have trainers2of3These £45 cult trainers from Holly Willoughby's M&S edit sold out in record time...Though M&S tell us the trainers are still available in whiteHolly Willoughby's go-to trainers from her latest M&S edit are also available in black, £45Phew for that.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What do Kendall Jenner, Veronica Heilbrunner and Zayn Malik have in common? Supernatural good looks, sure, but also an undercover obsession with luxury streetwear label SSS World Corp. So, the brand already has a pretty stylish fanbase, but it’s set to expand exponentially next year when they launch womenswear. Our suggestion? Get in there first as the silky printed tops already look unisex (just ask Kendall and Veronica, for the latter see above).Heilbrunner’s other half and the fashion director that pushed MyTheresa.com into the big leagues, Justin O’Shea is the brains behind the self-funded label. It was his Aussie upbringing that informed the surfer insouciance that makes this brand appealing. Fashionably trashy, shiny and louche, the tops, which synthesise the SSS World Corp aesthetic, look like the fell out of the costume cupboard of Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas, in a good way.'The intention was always for the brand to appeal to women in a "wear your boyfriends shirt" kind of way, ' Justin tells Grazia, 'Veronika is always wearing my stuff and I really like that aesthetic for women.'Next season expect womenswear in Stabile highlighter colours and psychedelic tribal prints. We’re particularly excited about one tie-dye miniskirt. But, to stave ourselves until these pieces hit the shelf (bookmark January) we’ve got our eye on the current season menswear. Sure, it's mostly Hawaiian shirts and in this current climate that doesn't seem so relevent, but we're planning to wear ours with a polo underneath and tucked into high-waisted trousers, or even if it's extra chilly just having a traffic-stopping collar popping out. SSS World Corp2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ibiza may have so much more to offer than parties and paella, but its almost impossible to divorce this Balearic island from its after-dark scene. No wonder like De La Vali, which was born in Ibiza, is able to tap into the island’s long and glamorous post-watershed history. Just in time for the festive season, Selfridges has collaborated by this Spanish-founded, London-based label for a capsule collection of heavily sequined dresses.With cheongsam collars and lashings of sequins, this collection could easily be the love child of Halston and Alexa Chung. 'This collection is all about the glitz and the glam, think hedonistic nights at the studio 54, smothered glitter and dishevelled hair,’ says the label’s founders Jana Sascha and Laura Castro. It’s gloriously unsubtle, which makes it ideal for the Instagram community. Wear one of their scarlet mini dresses to revitalize your feed.Like other nascent brands - thinking of Rixo and Kitri - De La Vali is emboldened by its social media fans. It just so happens that those said zealous fans have thousands upon thousands of followers. There’s Jean Campbell who has worn the Elektra dress in white, Suki Waterhouse who has a magnolia-printed Jean dress and Mary Charteris has it in leopard print, while Behati Prinsloo opted for a micro animal print dress. Rumour has it these supermodels DM’d the brand to make their orders. Luckily though, Selfridges has picked up the collection so shopping via instant messenger won’t be necessary. We’ve got our sights set on the Leon dress, which we’re planning to wear with patterned tights and Terry de Havilland wedges, naturally. But, if you want a sleeper hit pick the Jane top, which has Kate Moss written all over it.de la vali x selfridges2of9The countdown to midnight 31st December 2018 is on.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whatever the trend, Zara has always been there not just for us but the whole family - mum, dad, sister and little ‘un. There was one moment in a woman’s life it, however, it didn’t cater for (even though we brought a size-up and pretended it did), motherhood. Just in time, for Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex and perhaps the most famous mother-to-be to expand her wardrobe, Zara has added a new section called ‘Mum’.If you’re on the hunt for bump-friendly fashion you’ll find this new addition to the Spanish brand’s offering hidden in the ‘Corner Shops’ section of the site, alongside ‘Join Life’, the label’s sustainable initiative. The collection, named 'The Maternity Mood' officially launched on the 20th September, but we were either too distracted by the royal tour or the Spanish retailer was too sly about it for us to notice. The range includes oversized pieces from Zara's mainline as well as specifically designed maternity items, like puffa jackets, fuzzy coats and printed maxi dresses. With this slick new vertical, Zara now joins the ranks of H&M and ASOS, which already offer pregnancy-friendly fashion. While this isn’t the first time Zara has catered to expectant mums - they launched a maternity range briefly eight-years-ago - this collection is far more expensive and trend savvy.‘Shopping for maternity clothes doesn't need to be hard. From workwear essentials to comfortable stretch pieces, to the latest trend hits, our new online collection of maternity wear has options to offer for all women,’ says Zara.Personally, we’re keen on their bump-friendly knitted dresses and roomy sweaters. It’s freezing outside, after all. Here are 15 items we think all mums-to-be need to see:zara maternity mood2of15© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's a Halloween tradition that celebrities flock to, adored by Kate Moss (although not anymore, awkward) and supposedly the party of the year: it's Jonathan Ross's Halloween party. The antithesis a Kardashian Halloween, celebrities turned out in actual scary costumes this year, from David Walliam's surprising realistic villain side to Jimmy Carr's very lifelike Goosebumps costume.In previous years, Jonathan has transformed his chateau into a haunted house for the festivities, with a giant pumpkin with Simon Cowell's face greeting guests on arrival. The Mirror reports that instead of musical chairs, guests play a game where they line up in order of fame when the music stops. If Jonathan doesn't like the line up he then orders the loser to be pictured less by the paparazzi on their departure. Hilarious.Of course, here at Grazia were putting fame aside for a second to rate the best Halloween costume on effort alone. We're thinking Ashley James might have stolen it for us this year...Credit: ShutterstockDynamo put a lot of effort into his.Credit: ShutterstockChris O'Dowd and Dawn O'Porter were another favourite of ours.Credit: ShutterstockDavid Tennant disguised himself well.Credit: ShutterstockBrian Cox tried to keep out of the spotlight.Credit: ShutterstockJimmy Carr was aptly terrifying.Credit: ShutterstockKeith Lemon and Jill Carter looked great.Credit: ShutterstockCharlie Brooker and Konnie Huq did couples costumes RIGHT.Credit: ShutterstockKatherine Ryan was a close second for costume of the night.Credit: ShutterstockRob Beckett kept it basic.Credit: ShutterstockDavid Walliam's was scarily realistic with his costume.Credit: ShutterstockAshley James was our favourite of the night.Credit: ShutterstockStephen Merchant was a hit.Credit: ShutterstockDavid Mitchell seemed to mix his ideas up slightly.Credit: ShutterstockAleesha Dixon kept it sexy and scary.Credit: ShutterstockRoisin Conaty went full gore.Credit: ShutterstockKate Moss looked amazing, albeit at a completely different party...Typically, every year Kate is transformed by her fashion fairy godfather Sam McKnight to attend Jonathan Ross's annual legendary party. Previously, she channelled Morticia Addams with Croydon's finest cheekbones covered in lashings of white face paint with a blood red pout, framed by a jet-black wig. We weren't sure this look could be topped.Then she called upon Sam McKnight again to transform her into the 'The Skeleton Lady' with a white face, black stitched up lips, lace black detailing around her eyes. As for the hair she worked a black wig and layers of black netting. For the clothes she wore a black ruffled gown with red rose embroidery and black fishnets at the bodice.  Her husband at the time, Jamie Hince, went matchy matchy with Mossy with his n' hers facepaint, wearing a black fedora hat and a fringed waistcoat. This Day of the Dead costume is competing with the Miley Cyrus' 'twerk or treat' look for the most popular costume of the year - remember Sandra Bullock was a 'Skeleton Lady' last week.Our favourite though? When she dressed up as model friend Cara Delevigne in 2014, complete with white powder on her nose. Yes, seriously. This year though, she was surprisingly absent from Ross's Halloween party, instead attending Rita Ora's reviving her Moritica Addams costume from 2012. Considering the celebrities were slightly more A-list (Queen Rihanna was there), we're not perplexed as to why she chose to give Rita's party a go this year...A history of Jonathan Ross's Halloween party in pictures...Inside Jonathan Ross's Halloween Party With Kate Moss Dressed As 'The Skeleton Lady'1of16© Instagram/Sammcknight1 @sammcknight1 Kate of the Dead© Instagram/Hollywills @hollywills Happy Halloween....© Instagram/Thenicolescherzinger Thenicolescherzinger Happy Halloween from London everyone! #MEOW #lethal© Instagram/Thenicolescherzinger @Thenicolescherzinger Happy Halloween from London everyone! #MEOW #lethal@wossy It is Kate Moss fixing a pig face on Nicole Sherzinger...© Rex Dee Koppang and Dermot O'LearyNicole SherzingerMillie Mackintosh and Professor GreenKate Moss and Jamie HinceJimmy CarrNoel FieldingSimon PeggJonathan RossHolly WilloughbyKate Moss and Jamie Hince© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dads are tricky to buy for when it comes to Christmas, and many are set to spend this festive season as the victim of yet another cufflink gifting. Spare a thought then for father dearest this year and give him something he actually wants.Here's Grazia's definitive guide to what to buy dad this Christmas - from books to booze and everything in between.Credit: John Lewis & Partners LDon't let him go into work with that battered old rucksack any more, he deserves a 'new year, new look' moment as much as you do Credit: Paul SmithAnd here's a little something to remind him of you at work, or just brighten up his desk Credit: Futbol PrintsIf he's a football man, Futbol Prints have created a series inspired by classic matches through the yearsCredit: John Lewis & PartnersClassic design meets modern functionality in this DAB radio with Bluetooth Credit: FlannelsIf your father is a little more fashion forward, swap out his leather brogues for these Gucci trainers, and take his outfit into the 21st century Credit: Mr Porter For the dad who likes to smell good at all times, this cleanser and balm set is the perfect gift Credit: WaterstonesThe best way to drop a subtle hint that your dad needs a little more practice in the kitchen? A cookbook by his favourite chef Credit: Not On The High Street If he's not on Instagram chances are he can't scroll through old pictures as easily as you. Solve that conundrum with having him stalk you on Instagram stories with his memory book Credit: Liberty If you're going to buy your dad a bottle of booze it might as well be a festive one, this sloe gin layers up rich, sweet berry flavours into an aromatic finishCredit: BurberryThis Burberry jacket will keep dad warm on those long post-lunch walks Credit: Not On The High StreetWant something no one else has got him? This is your answer Credit: Jo MaloneBecause that cologne you bought him in 2016 must be finished by now, right?! Credit: Vitae LondonIf your dad's timepiece has seen better days, buy him an upgrade from this London-based brand whose profits go towards supporting school children in South Africa Credit: John Lewis & PartnersEco-warrior dad will thank you for this practical gift which could even save him a couple of pennies off his flat white at the coffee shop Credit: Urban OutfittersSomething to spruce up the window sill, and a project to keep him busy Credit: WaterstonesA gift for the dad who likes to spend hours thinking deeply about the universe, and beyond © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Oscar Wilde reportedly said that conversations about the weather were the last refuge of the unimaginative. He might be right, but excuse me, I think we need to talk about it.It’s November, and the first days of bitter winter only just dawned. Until last week half the Grazia team were happily gabbing about tight-free, glove-free and still in the lightweight jackets of summer. Something wasn’t normal. But, then again, what has been normal about this year’s weather?Summer in England is characterized by wet picnics and soggy festivals, but not this year. Long languorous days spent in pub gardens stretched from June to sometime last week. Hurricanes, wildfires, earthquakes, heatwaves - 2018 has seen extreme weather reach a new level of normalcy.’Unseasonably hot weather’ was what Superdry blamed for its recent profit warning. The summer’s extended heatwave meant sweaty tube carriages, a general headiness fueled by mid-week Aperol Spritz binges and a nationwide disinterest in winter fashion. When the FTSE 250 clothing brand, as usual, dropped coats in stores early this Autumn they didn’t sell. They didn’t sell to the tune for £10 million less than expected. Shares melted like an ice cream in August and panic was triggered.‘The traditional supply chain once dictated when shops dropped collections but in a way that is no longer relevant,’ admits WGSN’s director of retail strategy and insights, Nivindya Sharma. Consumers now dictate what shops stock and the weather has a big bearing on what pushes us to purchase.We’re living through ‘consumer culture with the wheels fallen off’, says Christina Dean, founder of sustainable fashion NGO Redress. It’s not just that the supply chain is churning faster than ever, but retailers can’t predict if we’re going to be wearing coats in October or sundresses, she explains. There’s so much planning that goes into the item hanging in the window - design, deadlines, infrastructure, production, marketing, delivery and now erratic weather needs to be accounted for. Unexpected weather requires extra agility, ‘broadly speaking this requires faster delivery,’ explains Dean, ‘and faster delivery of anything means waste, mistakes and pressure.’Shop floors are expensive and it’s not feasible for brands to stock clothing in the off-chance that it will be weather reactive. It’s no secret that some labels have been burning stock to make way for newness. Burberry got caught earlier this year for destroying £90mill worth of goods. ‘Burberry has careful processes in place to minimize the amount of excess stock we produce. On the occasions when disposal of products is necessary, we do so in a responsible manner and we continue to seek ways to reduce and revalue our waste,’ a spokesperson said at the time. When income is valued as more important than the wasted environmental footprint of making a garment, Dean thinks ‘there needs to be a big shift in the buying practices of inventory.’There is one solution, though. And, it doesn’t require overhauling our shopping ethics (entirely). Simply put, brands and stores should buy in-season or at least leave some budget free to do so. Next and New Look are very vocal about moving in this direction. ‘You have to communicate newness in relation to what your customers will realistically want at that point,’ says Sharma. Some brands are better at this than others (see Zara). Sharma argues localized data analytics and an awareness of the incoming climate could lead to less wasted or unwanted stock.Buy less is Sharma’s second mantra. ‘One solution is to reduce the depth of buy,’ she tells us, ‘that way you’re catering to the consumer and reducing the overstock issue.’ This business model is already up and running at the luxury end of the spectrum where brands like Burberry, Vetements and Supreme rely on limited edition, short-order collections. This ‘generates desire for a product by creating a sense of mystery and anticipation’, Sharma tells us, ‘right now successful brands are moving away from the big drops at the beginning of the season and instead having more interesting micro-drops.’Mind, limited edition collections aren’t just good marketing. These mini drops can be weather-determined – for instance, they may be designed specifically for extreme weather conditions – or they can ignore the climate altogether, either way, Sharma predicts their success. The latter approach works - just ask H&M and their designer collaborations - because the hype can become fevered enough to ensure consumers are caught up in the concept not the practicality of the items. ‘It takes you away from the relevancy of the weather because people will buy it no matter what happens,’ Sharma notes as the pieces become collector’s items. Gen Z and millennials, according to WGSN, are driven by experience and the stagnant fashion calendar doesn’t appeal to their ‘drop mentality’ and craving for immediacy.There is no way of untangling consumerism’s grip on global warming, which is the cause of the erratic weather we’re seeing, but there is a seed change happening internally in the fashion industry.A report, published earlier this year by Stella McCartney and Ellen MacArthur revealed that the clothing industry is the third most polluting factor in the world. Soon after, H&M, Selfridges, L’Oreal and Burberry pledged to reduce plastic packaging by 100 per cent by 2025 (five years before scientists say it will be impossible to limit a ‘climate change catastrophe’).A follow-up doc produced by the BBC has set insiders talking. Influencers - led by a call to arms from Guardian’s associate fashion editor Jess Cartner-Morley - have pledged to be more responsible and reuse, recycle and thrift rather than purely talk about for newness.But, shopping habits, in general, have changed.The Resolution Store - a new digital boutique reselling the wardrobe’s of influencers - is part of a growing movement to embrace recycling fashion. Ethical and sustainable concerns fuel the project that features the pre-loved wares of Pandora Sykes and Camille Charrière. The founders, Alicia Waite and Anna Sutton, simply explain their, ‘mission [is] to encourage the growth in the market for pre-loved and second-hand clothing.’ Sites like Depop and eBay can attest to a growing interest in this sector, with Etsy reporting an increase of 69.9 per cent year-on-year growth in demand for ‘vintage’ in 2017 (that’s around 7.9mil searches).Outside of second-hand market, Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, has become the poster child for sustainable fashion. She’s been bringing the so-called Meghan-effect to a handpicked selection of labels that champion sustainability, like Outland denim and Veja as well as Reformation and Stella McCartney. Though Meghan still wears her Manolo’s and Givenchy, by giving exposure and endorsements to these labels she is elevating the conversation to the public consciousness.The drive for sustainability and conscious thrifting is the product of global warming, but it doesn’t explain as a whole why the fashion calendar is no longer relevant.More and more people are shopping on our computers, phones and tablets - according to Deloitte, 20 per cent of retail sales are online, and this is growing at 10 times the rate of bricks and more stores. The ease and sophistication of delivery mean buying a dress on Thursday to wear Saturday night is normalised, but so is the throw-away culture that comes with it. ‘The way consumers are shopping for clothes and shoes is changing; there is a buy-now, wear-now mentality and a desire to shop for clothes however and whenever they want,’ said Tamara Sender, Mintel’s senior fashion analyst in a report that also noted that Brits now spend £16.2bn on fashion online. Hence the exponential growth digi-first brands like Boohoo and the nascent of Kitri.It’s the symbiosis of changing attitudes to shopping, the ease of last-minute purchasing and erratic weather that mean the traditional model is broken. Hence, it's only a matter of time before the fashion calendar wakes up and realizes that dropping winter clothes in August and spring summer collections in January is out of whack with reality© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bicester Village fans will be well aware of the unmitigated joy of finding something you love…at discount. Now, imagine doing that before taking in an Ed Sheeran concert, say, as O2 adds a shopping wing to its mega entertainment complex.ICON Outlet opened to the public with 35 shops to its bill. The mix of brands cross the high and low spectrum with variety of premium brands all at accessible outlet prices with an all-star line-up including: Aspinal of London, Cath Kidston, Clarks, Crew Clothing, G-STAR Raw, Gant, Gap, Guess, Hackett, Hobbs, Jack Wills, Joseph Cheaney & Sons, Kurt Geiger, Levi’s, Pepe Jeans London, Tateossian, Ted Baker and Skechers all present and accounted for.‘The O2 has a global reputation as an entertainment destination and makes a massive contribution to London’s economy of 8,700 jobs and £840m expenditure each year. The opening of the ICON outlet underlines the continuing investment by AEG and Crosstree into The O2 and the regeneration of the wider Greenwich area – and is further proof that London is open for business,’ says Rajesh Agrawal, Deputy Mayor of London for Business, said.‘The capital has some of the youngest, most discerning and fashion-forward consumers of any city in the world – yet Londoners currently have to travel miles to get their hands on premium fashion at accessible prices,’ added Marion Dillon from AEG and Crosstree Real Estate Partners, ‘ ICON Outlet will be a destination that brings together choice, value and inspiration in a location that is not only one of the easiest to reach in London – a mere 15-minute journey from central London – but also offers the very best of experiences for tourists, existing visitors to The O2, and a new generation of consumers.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is it just us or does wearing velvet make everything that little bit more special? Especially as we approach winter and the much awaited festive period, we'll be trading in our cotton pieces for something with a bit more pizzazz (read: velvet). And in preparation, we've trawled through the very best velvet pieces on the high-street to bring you a must-have edit. You can thank us later...After a tailored jumpsuit that'll see you through several fancy soirées? Look no further than this romantic buy from Boden, which features a wide-leg fit and feminine kimono sleeves. Trust us: this plush velvet number will elevate your party status, pronto.Didn't you know, asymmetric hemlines are in for AW/18, and it just so happens that our favourite velvet dress of the year boasts this very feature. Looks like our Christmas party outfit is sorted, then.If there's one thing we're coveting this AW/18, it's these intricately embellished slippers. The shooting star and lightning bold motifs will be sure to demand attention, whether you pair them with jeans or a skirt. So, what are you waiting for? Slip these ultra-soft velvet slippers on and let your feet do the talking.Show off your soft side with these luxurious, silk-blend velvet trousers. The timeless wide leg design will work hard to elongate your legs, while the side pockets add a cool-girl vibe. We'll get one in every colour.Available in Chatsworth Green, Poinsettia and Black.Luxe velvet feel? Check. Micro ruffle detailing? Check. Romantic keyhole fastening? Double check! Basically, this velvet top has everything you could possibly need, making it a must-have item for the new season. We love.Available in Mulled Wine, Trumpet and Whale Grey.Q: What goes best with a touchable velvet coat? A: Everything. No, seriously, we'll be wearing this gorgeous coat anywhere and everywhere. In fact, we might not ever take it off again.Available in Seaweed, Antique Pink and Aquamarine.Run, don't walk, to Boden to add these statement velvet culotttes to your wardrobe. Pair them with a pretty blouse for a look you can wear everyday, and come Christmas, marry them with heels and a cami for a wearable festive look.Available in Gold and Black.After a snug coat that you can wear everywhere, including from work-to-wine? Enter the Grosvenor Party Coat. This all-black number will be just like your shadow - it'll follow you wherever you go, because it'll look great with whatever outfit you pair it with.Who said you have to choose between comfort and style? With this slick velvet skirt, you can have both! Tuck a cosy jumper into the waistband for a work-worthy look, or go for gold with a lace cami in the evening.Available in Drummer Blue and Black.With more than one way to wear this velvet blazer, there's definitely reason to add this to your new season wardrobe. Whether you decide to slip it over an evening dress for drinks after work, or pair it with tailored trousers for a workday full of meetings, you'll never fall short of the mark.Available in Mulled Wine, Black, Navy and Hot Mustard.These cotton stretch velvet trousers feel ultra special, even though they're wearable enough for everyday. The straight leg fit and chic ankle-grazing length are flattering enough to pair with flats and a tee for an off-duty look, or with heels and a glitzy top for some evening glam.Available in Mulled Wine, Black, Navy, Hot Mustard and Trumpet Diagonal Birds Print.We think we've just found your favourite new pair of block heels. Boasting glitzy embellishments and sturdy sole leather lining, these Italian velvet slippers will no doubt complete any outfit that's missing some oomph.Shop these velvet pieces, plus more, at Boden.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As the days draw in and people start flipping out on social media about PSL season a certain panic sets in. It’s not over confusing the dates of when the clocks go back - thought that is a real anxiety - but about finding the most perfect pair of winter boots. So much of our cold-weather wardrobe leans on this one decision. Dresses and skirts that are too long for tights rely on ankle and knee-high’s for a lifeline, while trousers suddenly seem lost without a perfect pair of boots (this season a hiking style in particular).The boots trends that are sweeping both the high street and high-end stores split neatly into six categories. For the classists, boots stretch up to knee and even thigh-high. For those that don’t instantly spill coffee down their newly dry-cleaned clothes, white boots are a refreshing and modish option. For those that hanker after thick tights and A-line mini dresses as soon as the whisper of autumn is in the air, biker boots will appeal. For the Instagram influencer watches the news that cowboy boots are back won’t come as surprise, nor will the news of hiking boots. And, when party season comes round the expensive-looking outré metallic and embellished boots will suddenly hold a special appeal. See, as we said there’s something for everyone this season, scroll on to see which boot camp you fall into...autumn winter boot trends 2of35© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Has Halloween Costume Panic taken hold? You'll know if you've been stricken if you're experiencing the symptoms; shortness of breath, sweaty palms, and chills every time you see the sweet aisle at Tesco. The question of what to wear to a party becomes a source of polyester-related anxiety. With the knowledge that your outfit will be shared with thousands of social media followers (possible exaggeration), and your friends’ game being upped every year, the pressure to find an unusual Halloween costume that's original, inexpensive, not too try-hard, not sexist and not a cat costume seems almost insurmountable. Luckily we’ve gathered some funny Halloween costume inspiration so you don’t have to be the boring one and go as a cat this year.Credit: Instagram: djlouieminayaSO INVENTIVE. Give up any chance of pulling in it though.Picture: Instagram/@djlouieminayaCredit: Reddit/TheDaftPunkObviously this only works if you're a redhead, but if you are then congratulations! You can make the world's most inexpensive Halloween costume and look bloody hilarious.Picture: Reddit/TheDaftPunkCredit: Instagram/@myrealnameisbigboss'Hey Sarah, what are you dressed as?''My ex'.Can you even imagine the legend you'll become when you pull that one-liner out at the party?Picture: Instagram/@myrealnameisbigbossCredit: Instagram/@coriannedesignEqually applicable to humans, although nowhere near as cute.Picture: Instagram/@coriannedesignCredit: Costume WorksYou'll look really cool and down with the kids, even if you're still not sure what the phrase means any more…Picture: Costume WorksCredit: Pinterest/Allison WoodSo clever. Much pun.Picture: Pinterest/Allison WoodCredit: Instagram/@8larissaYou'll basically be dressed as you on a lazy day but with the stuffed animals stuck to you clothes rather than on your bed. Not that I have stuffed toys on my bed. ANYWAY.Picture: Instagram/@8larissaCredit: Instagram/@bluetoothselfiePrecision not needed. The worse it looks, the more you get to shit up your friends.Picture: Instagram/@bluetoothselfieCredit: Reddit/toothbrushdanceMay cause people to involuntarily grasp their iphones in childhood trauma–related panic.Picture: Reddit/toothbrushdanceCredit: themetapicture.comThis one will save you even more money because you can feed yourself for a week on cereal.Picture: themetapicture.comCredit: Pinterest/Carbon CostumeBecause Halloween is a time to think about the real horror in the world.Picture: Pinterest/Carbon CostumeCredit: AmazonBecause you're so cool and don't take yourself seriously and want everyone to know it (it also makes for a great chat up line).Picture: AmazonCredit: Getty Images/Ethan MillerSee above.Picture: Getty Images/Ethan MillerCredit: Instagram/@_sunny_jym_You know and he's going to get so many free drinks at uni. This, too, could be you.Picture: Instagram/@_sunny_jym_Credit: weknowmemesIdeal for when you forget Halloween is like, tomorrow, and you don't have time to buy a new outfit.Picture: weknowmemesCredit: YandyConfuse all the misogynists by being sexy but also human feces.Picture: YandyCamila Medes and Lili Reinhart served us hilarious Halloween inspo this year, and a great reason to buy a Vote For Pedro t-shirt.Picture: Camila Mendes TwitterEmoji's have never made going as an emotional state for Halloween easier. You could keep it light like these two and go as love and laughter, or try your hand at the mind blown emoji if you're a makeup whiz. Picture: Jaymee Mak TwitterThis couples costume is perfect if you have a spare dinosaur costume lying around...Picture:  @aleenasworld TwitterOne of our ultimate favourites, try the play on words that is Eminem and M&M with this great couples costume.Picture: @Th3B3anBurrito TwitterIf you're boyfriend doesn't suggest this one this year, he doesn't deserve to celebrate Halloween with you.Picture: @GoldeeenS0UL Twitter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As someone who dithers over every life decision - what coffee to order, what dress to buy, you name it - I find Monday mornings particularly testing. Choosing what to wear to work is a personal time black hole. One moment I’m staring into my wardrobe, flicking past dresses and jackets and the next thing I know, an hour has gone by and I’m still there in my pants with hangers dangled off every finger. Efficient it is not.My workaround? Instagram. The first thing I do, and likely (albeit embarrassingly) the last thing I do is look at my phone, likely at Instagram. I’ve turned that vice into a point of inspiration by following women whose personal style is set at an aspirational level. Now, my dithering time is sliding down and my sartorial prowess is on the rise. I am not above copying, in fact, I call it a homage. Here are the five outfits that are the brains behind my more polished, more grown-up office attire…Credit: Instagram/@hannahstefanssonworkwear wk29.10.182of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex stepped foot in Australia for her and Prince Harry’s 16-day royal tour we’ve been playing a game in the office called ‘What will Meghan make sell-out next’. Dressing this royal is fiercely competitive, after all, she can create waiting lists thousands of people long for a simple pair of black skinny jeans (just ask Hiut). Part of the raison d'être of her role is about playing diplomat with her ensembles. We expected she’d spend the course of her royal tour dressed top-to-toe in Aussie labels. OK, not the case, but this prediction led me on the path to aggressively Googling little-known sustainable labels, which is how I came across Caves Collect.Two years ago Sarah Russell and Johanna Howe created this Melbourne-based and -produced fashion label. Amplifying craft and sustainability as their brand pillars makes their low-key designs all the more enticing.There are jumpsuits and tailored trousers, shirts and turtlenecks that don’t necessarily jump out on a shopping page but will likely become the building blocks of every outfit. We like the Alice Ciggie pants for capturing the insouciance of the Beats and the burnt orange Frank skirt for injecting a swinging 60s energy into our closet. Get to know the brand nowCaves Collect2of7© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dust off your hipsters and get Sisqo cranked up on Spotify because the cheek flashing micro-garment and symbol of all that was sexy in the noughties is back.Sales of thongs have sprung up by 72 per cent in the last year according to John Lewis’s annual shopping trends report. After a steady decline in popularity since the heady days of Britney Spears’ 2006 sparkly thong-jeans, 2018 saw them sky-rocket. Also soaring are robotic lawn mowers, sustainable water bottles and giant televisions.Perhaps, the retailer muses, the surge in this most microscopic of vestments could be down to Love Island, and the liberal quantities of clenched and dimple-free rump that it bounced across the small screens of Britain this summer. Or it could be down to that other pillar of pneumatic flesh-flashing: Kim Kardashian, and her recent breaking of the internet in a Gucci thong the same age as Kylie Jenner.Either way, it’s catching. They are IN FASHION once more.Which places me firmly at the vanguard of fashion, because thongs never left my knicker drawer at all. @kkwbeauty Contour Singles Available NOW kkwbeauty.comA post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Aug 21, 2018 at 7:24pm PDTKim Kardashian is not why I love wearing thongs. I do not wish to grease up my flanks and grind against a selfie stick because she did it. I don’t feel pressured to look like a Love Islander as I shuffle from dropping my jeans to brushing my teeth at bedtime. I don’t even love them because the Daily Mail hates them. I love thongs because they are extremely and unerringly practical.As someone who worked for Agent Provocateur for several years, I have drawers full of knickers. I have boy shorts and frenchies aplenty, I have flipperies and whatzits galore. But no amount of filigree French lace stretched across my glutes can atone for how deeply UN-sexy I feel when I get a hit of the dreaded VPL trailing behind me. It follows me around like a shadow. Scratching. Taunting. When I’m on the escalator up from the tube it’s a flashing neon VPL sign pointing out my bum to the person behind me. At yoga it's a bright light above other peoples’ bums as they downward dog, shouting loudly about itself as I try to focus my breathing. At Agent Provocateur, we were told the VPL was sexy. To me, it’s a big, glaring mistake.Anyone who says thongs are uncomfortable just hasn’t found the right one yet. Hard straps of garrotting dental floss are a thing of the past: the current breed of airy g-strings are made of modern micro-fibres that caress rather than bisect the bum cheeks. No, you don’t need to spend all day poking around in the seat of your jeans to get comfortable. Once on, you’ll forget they were ever there. Intimissimi makes the Rolls Royce of seamless knickers. I only wish they had a loyalty card for the rainbow of abbreviated briefs I’ve collected there over the years. Also worth a shout out are Cosabella, also Italian-owned, and Commando. Back to Life 🌺🦋❤️A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on May 9, 2017 at 11:03am PDTThe key to finding a good one is to choose one with decent ‘coverage’ and a strap of about half an inch up the back. It’s also a good idea to get yours in a size up for maximum comfort.Then there’s the matter of sex.Are thongs actually sexier than normal briefs? A quick poll of my male friends suggests not. It would seem men are entirely desensitised to the extra 20cm sq of quivering flesh offered up by the thong. My husband even described them as ‘sensible’. It would seem that to be provocative these days you’ve got to wear those twangs that are so high cut you basically sling them over your shoulders, Borat-style. sasha unreleasedA post shared by  Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Apr 27, 2017 at 11:06am PDTOrdinary thongs are for the girls, not for the boys.And, in case you needed any further convincing, there’s the environmental benefit. Think of all the washing powder you’ll save laundering knickers approximately 1/8 the size of your big pants.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With season three of Stranger Things delayed until 2019 (boo) those of us mourning the former glory days of a Stranger Things halloween premiere are clawing at any and all possibilities to live vicariously through Eleven. That means Stranger Thing's Halloween costumes, neither sexy nor funny, they truly are the Switzerland of Halloween costumes. Not sure how to get the look? Here's a handy guide to dressing like Joyce, Nancy, Barb and/or Eleven...Dress: ASOS, £35Jacket: ASOS, £45Wig: Angels, £5.99Shoes & Socks: Alyss's own.Eggo Box: Print this logo off four times and cover a box with it.Nosebleed: Red lipstick. Rimmel Apocalips stays on all night. Use an oil based make-up remover to get it off.Wig: Angels. Cut to size. £17.99Jeans: BDG @ Urban Outfitters, £55Blouse: Primark, £10Glasses: ASOS, £10Shoes: Jess's ownNotebooks: Stolen from work. Sorry work.Jacket: Primark, £13Jumper: ASOS, £32Shirt: ASOS, £22Gloves & Gun: LondisShoes: Superga, £50Jacket: ASOS, £40Top: ASOS, £10.50Trousers: ASOS, £22Lights: Amazon, £14.95© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Under-the-radar boutique brands have their place. Don’t get us wrong, there’s something stupidly exciting about finding a one-off item that makes you look like some sort of shopping savant. But, have you heard of the high street? Sure, it’s a heck more accessible but when you find that one piece that re-energizes your wardrobe and ticks the trend box it’s actually a more impressive feat. With so many options out there and more dropping daily being able to pick THE item to own is actually way harder than it sounds.And, it only gets more difficult when you start looking at Whistles’ website. The Brit brand has a storming collection for winter. There are double-take florals, dresses that can do both daywear and events, coorie (look it up, it means hygge essentially) coats and cowboy boots we might actually wear.The vibe for winter is cosy but bold. It’s hard to fade into the background in leopard print or a devoré floral skirt, but if you’re ready to make a statement look no further than WhistlesWhistles 20182of16© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you like vintage – scratch that, if you like clothes – then Vestiaire Collective, the French ‘marketplace’ site that sells pre-worn luxury and designer clothes, should already be bookmarked. Vestiaire offers its shoppers a second-chance to get hold of everything from hard-to-find Supreme to Hermès bags to #OldCeline (searches are surging right now), and is a leading the charge for a new type of sustainable shopper, one who knows that buying new isn’t always best.One woman who already knows the joy and value of vintage – as an experience and investment – is the author, filmmaker, designer and founder of digital sex positivity and platform, The Sex Ed. Vestiaire’s latest coup is to convince Liz to part with over 300 pieces of her excellently curated vintage collection, as part of the site’s Archive series. ‘Although I'm shocked she’s letting some of her most treasured pieces go, I can’t wait to shop the sale!’ says Dita Von Teese.‘I’ve been a crazy collector since I was 13,’ explains Liz, who was brought up in Los Angeles, immersed in the myths and magic of Hollywood. Having spent 30 years curating her collection, the sale represents over a century of style – spanning from 1860s burlesque corsets to the 1940s vintage tea dresses she would scoop up in LA’s thrift stores as a teenager to pieces by 20th century masters like Azzedine Alaïa and Gianni Versace. A 1960s mod style Courrèges dress features alongside Maison Martin Margiela’s iconic Tabi heels, a white silk dress from Nicolas Ghesquiere’s highly sought-after S/S 2001 Balenciaga white collection is sold alongside a 1980s Jean-Charles de Castelbajac laser-cut coat. It’s a treasure trove for design lovers.It’s an excellent collection – so did Liz find it hard to edit? ‘I do now I have to talk about them,’ she laughs. Pieces that haven’t been worn for 10-15 years were included. Because she _is_ the kind of collector who actually wears the pieces she’s lovingly collected. ‘I do wear them but I definitely do protect my clothing. I loan and donate to museums. I am definitely not a collector who buys thing just to look at,’ she says. ‘I love everything that I’m selling and to be honest it makes it hard to look at pictures because it makes me not want to sell them! But I want to pass on the things that I really love and to hopefully let other people get joy from them’.A vocal advocate for female empowerment, what makes it (slightly) easier for Liz to part with the pieces is that 10% of profits will be donated to Dress for Success, the charity which helps to lift women out of poverty to a place of self-sufficiency and financial independence. ‘What I always loved about vintage clothes is that you let the woman who wore them before you live on in some way, and in this case, it’s for an incredibly worthy cause. This sale with Vestiaire Collective is a continuation of my desire to support a community of women uplifting women. Something as simple as a piece of clothing can have the power to boost a woman’s confidence and empower her self-image’.'I bought it to wear to premier of my first film (Pretty Things, 2005) which was at Lincoln Centre, New York City. It was a major sense of accomplishment, not only professionally, but wearing this dress that's so feminine and so sexy, made me feel sexually empowered too. So it really wrapped up this whole moment of making this film of about the last generation American burlesque queen, and accomplishing it for myself, on my own. I didn't have the guts to wear the dress, the confidence, but I had bought it when I was shopping with my friend Chloe Sevigny and she really pushed me and said "you gotta to wear it". I felt I really owned my sexuality in that dress.''Mr Blackwell was an American designer based out of Los Angeles who invented the best and worst dressed list in the '50s. If you're a designer and you make a worst and best dressed list, then obviously if someone wears your clothes they're going to get on the best dressed list. I think it's a really funny marketing ploy. There are three pieces in the sale that are samples from his studio. This dress is so cool and in such great condition, the colours are really amazing, really pop, it's very Prada.''The clear bubbles 1960s earrings are from a French designer called Charles Elkaim who had a store across the street from one of my first apartments there. He was this lovely French designer who'd been active since the 1950s making jewellery and ended up in New York making these great earrings of plastic dinosaurs or with rhinestones on them. These are original pieces from his archive. ''It looks from the front like a classic black cocktail dress, but the back is low cut and has a padded magenta heart on the ass. Like a pillow that's framed in black lace. That dress really encapsulates my style: eccentric, surrealist, playful, sexy – but kind of sexy. I really love that dress. I've only worn it once for a Spanish Vogue shoot and I kinda regret that I'm selling it, but it's happening!'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Instagram influencers have an unspoken rule: never be pictured wearing the same outfit twice. Ridiculous, right? The sheer quantity of clothes required to make this possible is quite astonishing. No wardrobe, walk-in or otherwise, could hold the strain of that many outfits. While The Resolution Store may not have been born out of the idea to make space in influencer’s cupboards, it’s the secret website that does.When Pandora Sykes, Camille Charrière and Florae Thomas are finished ‘loving’ their clothes they sell their pieces through this online boutique. Every Insta-famous fashion label is accounted for and sold at a discount. You can buy Camille’s Balenciaga sock boots (size 40.5 FYI) for £370 (originally £935), her lightly-used Edie Parker evening bag for £353 (original £708) and Syke’s Christopher Kane Crocs for £163 (originally £325). It’s a veritable hunting ground for bargain-priced Ganni and Rixo.Shopping an influencer’s actual wardrobe is merely a by-product of The Resolution Store's concept. ‘The idea for The Resolution Store was born through a desire to do something about the shocking statistics surrounding waste, in particular, created by the clothing industry,’ explains founders former journo Alicia Waite and creative business consultant Anna Sutton on the website, ‘A fashion garment in the UK lasts an average of 3.3 years before the garment is discarded. Extending the life of a garment from as little as nine months can decrease its environmental impact by 20-30%.’ No wonder their tagline is ‘reduce, revive, resale’.For many so-called sustainable brands, the concept of conscientious consumption stops at ‘add to basket’. The Resolution Store has a more holistic approach. They’ve partnered with a reusable packaging service called RePack, an eco-friendly garment cleaning service and Traid to ensure any unsold items get fed back into the up-cycled clothing sector. Plus 20 per cent of profits are syphoned off to Labour Behind the Label, which platforms for better working contains in the global garment industry.Surprisingly, sustainability is a hot topic within the inner-circles of the British fashion press right now. It wasn’t one thing, but a combination that changed the beat of the discourse. It’s not that we didn’t know the clothing industry had a problem, but as a media bubble we willed ignorance. Then Stacey Dooley laid bare the environmental impact of the fashion industry in an unmissable BBC doc, scientists warned that we have 12-years left to slow down global and the Guardian’s Jess-Carter Morley vowed to break the ’No 1 rule of fashion journalism’ (i.e. only discuss pieces that you can actually buy). Call us champagne socialists, but I think this industry has finally found it’s moral compass. Fingers crossed, we’re not too late.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Talking about money seems rude at worst and crude at best, but we’ve had enough of dancing around the subject. Too often we find ourselves leering after something we saw on Instagram, clicking through to the website and finding out it costs so much we need do a double take.No more, we say. We’re going to be sensible, we’re going to consciously take control of our purse strings.But, let’s be serious, we still want to shop. The physical and mental urge to purge our hard-earned pennies isn’t going anywhere. Hence, we’re turning to the high street. We’ll get the same instant high without the wincing credit card bill at the end. In fact, our favourite shops - Zara, Mango, H&M as well as the more niche Ghost, Uterque and Kitri - are serving up delicious pieces that will revamp your winter wardrobe at less than £100 a pop. Boy do these shops work hard - both practically and trend-wise - they’ve nailed the basics but are also coming up trumps with the sartorial centrepieces.We’ve done the hard work for you and spent hours scouring every store we can think of to come up with the best the high street has to offer. The key trends of winter are present and accounted for. Zara and Mango have animal print covered, Kitri is ushering in the cardigan’s comeback and Marks & Spencers has the hero coat that your wardrobe’s been missing in a heritage check. And, lest we forget, Warehouse who is the ultimate case in point with its wear-always shapes in trend-savvy prints. We'll see you at checkout100 items under £100 from the high street2of98© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Instagram may have started as a public photo library but now it's so much more. It’s the first place we look for holiday, restaurant and, of course, outfit inspiration. When we’re feeling stumped it comes up with the solution. Take this morning, for instance, as we stared at our wardrobe lacking in inspiration it was Instagram that reignited our workwear mojo. In fact, it was five women in particular that saved us. Cutting through the trends they creatively pair colours and shapes together in elegant (and photogenic) ways. Take a look for yourself...Credit: Instagram/@hannahstefanssonworkwear october 22nd2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘How does she do that?’ I mindlessly asked a colleague as we sat thumbing through Instagram with our eyes pausing on a picture of one Influencer piled high with untangled gold necklaces. Forget curating your wardrobe, it’s trinkety jewellery that really sets a style savant apart.Lashings of gold jewellery has been part of the fashion agenda for several seasons and it shows no signs of waning in the slightest - just look at Adwoa Aboah whose lobes, neck and wrists are often piled high with teensy hopes and dingly-dangly chains. Personally, we’ve always been a little baffled about two things. Firstly, how to stop them from becoming a knotted mess and secondly, how to strike the right authenticity note.We want to look like we’ve been collecting these flaxen treasures all our lives from markets in far-flung places and received them as cherished hand-me-downs. But, the reality is our mothers have barely given us anything more than 80s costume jewellery and all we brought home from those markets were cotton kaftans and straw bags.Then we discovered NALIN studios. It’s a Dutch label that’s based in Southern Spain and creates quirky necklaces that are made for living in. They call them ‘modern daily essentials’, which makes sense as they are the type of pieces that you’ll never want to take off. Each piece is made from Vermeil gold, sterling silver and gold plating and is made with a lost-wax technique to create that perfectly imperfect texture.There’s one catch though.Every month at 7 pm (Central European time zone) they add one limited edition item to the collection. It’s these pieces that have the most character and give us the same adrenaline-rush thrill as uncovering a trinket in a far-flung market. Hence, the necklace we’re loving most at the moment is their October necklace, the ‘Emma’. Which is your favourite?Credit: Nalin stuidosCredit: Nalin stuidosCredit: Nalin stuidosCredit: NALIN studiosCredit: Nalin stuidos© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I have realised something. In the ongoing case of Me vs My Body, fashion is the main thing preventing me from reaching a settlement.Even writing it down is quite stressful, because the time and mental admin required to fix this problem is going to be huge, and I haven’t even finished Killing Eve yet. But here goes: I have realised that the biggest obstacle between myself and self-acceptance of my body is my wardrobe.Great swathes of my teens and early 20s were coloured by the feeling that my body was wrong; in clothes, in PE, in life in general. No matter what I was doing with it, and what it was doing for me. Wrong.But these days, not so much. In fact now I'm in my thirties, I’m more comfortable in my body than ever before. The body itself has barely changed – slightly reconfigured and redistributed by time, but the same general gist. Only it doesn’t feel so wrong anymore. Now, I get naked in the swimming pool changing room without a second thought. I wore a bikini on holiday for the first time since puberty. I've embraced my right to bare arms, and stopped sweating through each summer in superfluous cardigans. These days, when my boyfriend tells me he loves my body, I actually believe him. But more crucially, I’m less concerned about what he thinks of it at all. It’s cool. It’s a fine body. It does the job.Nudity is no longer the problem, it's that my body doesn't look the way I want it to in clothes. My most acute moments of physical self-loathing don’t happen on the beach or at the gym – they happen in high street changing rooms.I don't hate my hips and belly for existing; I just hate them for ruining the line of high-waisted cropped flares. I generally have no opinions on my arse, except when it fills out skirts that are supposed to “skim” over it. I don't feel ashamed of having big boobs; I just resent the way plunging necklines never look cool or androgynous, and generally involve two awkward inches of exposed bra. I know that my flesh has no moral value, I honestly do. I just wish it looked ‘right’ in the stuff I want to wear.None of this is my body’s fault (as previously established: it’s cool, it’s fine, it does the job). Some of it falls into the handy all-purpose column headed ‘The Patriarchy Is Still Screwing Us All’. But the remaining blame can be portioned up between myself, for being shallow and caring too much about fashion, and the fashion industry. For not caring enough about me.And I say this, I am very aware, as a person cloaked in privilege. The fact that I can walk into a high street store and expect them to stock my size (unless we’re talking about that Brandy & Melville ‘one size’ insanity) immediately gives me an advantage over millions of other women in this world who also love clothes and also want to dress in a way that does justice to the fierce, gorgeous visions in their heads. If I am languishing on the side of a party where I don’t quite fit in, plenty of other people haven’t even received an invite. So what if most of the dresses out there treat my tits and hips like frumpy encumbrances, in the grand scheme of things? At least I can still buy them. I still get to walk away with a dress.But being luckier than some doesn’t mean we can’t still take in the full panorama of injustice. I’ve begun to think – and maybe this is another byproduct of getting older, like having the courage to complain in restaurants – that when I’m spending big chunks of my monthly income on something I love, simply getting the zip up isn’t enough. My body deserves to be loved back. So does yours.I’m sick of buying clothes that feel like I’ve borrowed them from someone else. Clothes that need tugging and safety-pinning and terrifyingly overpriced underwear ‘solutions’ to get them to the point of wearability. When we spend our hard-earned cash on an expensive outfit we deserve to have it wrapped in scented tissue and tied with a satin bow, not riding up and gaping in a way that says, loud and clear, ‘this wasn’t designed for you.’True, in our modern mood of marketable inclusivity, lots of the newer fashion brands have learned to speak the language. Their fuzzy online spiels talk about ‘flattering’ and ‘celebrating’ women, ‘real’ women, ‘smart’ women with jobs and opinions and eco-cups of coffee – but in lots of cases this message is trotted out seemingly without any change to the way the clothes are actually designed. Like they think they can sew a new label that says ‘empowerment!’ into the same old frock for the same old body type and fool us all.‘Flattering’, you realise, is still about achieving the illusion of thinness rather than making clothes to comfortably and thoughtfully accommodate a full range of bodies. Online, I’ve started spotting notes that suggest, with a quiet undertone of ‘look, don’t make this awkward’, that their beautiful clothes might be ruined by my pesky body. ‘Variation in fit is to be expected’. ‘Clings to your curves.’ The other day I fell in love with a beautiful wafty peasant dress from a hip Californian brand, only to read that it was ‘recommended for smaller bust sizes’ because it ‘isn’t bra-friendly.’ I might be glad of their honesty, if the chances of ever seeing a dress recommended for larger busts and sturdy underwiring wasn’t slim-to-sodding none.And yet. Despite knowing all this and railing against it on the regular, I still bloody love fashion. It’s embarrassing to admit that I invest so much in a relationship that often feels so one-sided, but so help me, I do. I’m complicit in the whole thing.But am I doomed to continue buying bias cut skirts and wrap dresses and button-down shirts and crying when they don’t look on me the way they look on the model? I hope not. It feels as though my options are:1) stop spending money on the clothes that make me resent my body, and only wear the things I feel good in. Even if this means wearing the same two midi dresses forever until I die.2) Shut up and wear the awkward clothes anyway. Feel grateful I can wear them at all. Give up the dream of skimming A-lines that actually skim, and waistlines that sit on my actual waist rather than hovering clumsily above it.3) A delicate balance of the two. If I can manage to reach a point of near-acceptance with my naked body then surely I can achieve fashion neutrality too?Or, 4) petition every beautiful brand I know to let me come to their focus groups and explain all this to them. Because I’m tired as hell of telling it to the fitting room mirror.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Copenhagen is the sartorial gift that keeps on giving. Case in point: Stine Goya. The country that’s given us such wardrobe revolutionaries like Ganni and Saks Potts continue to deliver with this joyful Danish label.For yonks, we’ve been sold the misconception that Scandi style means muted minimalism, but the Danes and especially Stine Goya, in particular, welcome us into a multicoloured world with imaginative accents. ‘[W]e have emerged as an occasionwear brand’, Stine tells me via email. ‘ We wanted to build on this, but at the same time introduce our suiting which adds contrast to the dresses we have become well known for,’ she says referring to a new Net-A-Porter collaboration that drops today. ‘Our universe lends itself to festive occasions, and we took to the challenge of creating a capsule that draws on elements traditionally used for our showpieces and adapting these to more accessible evening looks’.Credit: Stine GoyaStine Goya2of20In the 12 years since Goya, a former model and fashion editor started her label she’s filled a gap in the market for mood-altering fashion. Her work is like colour-therapy for the time-pushed. She likes colours that pierce through the grey light of winter and adornment that pushes a basic item, like a jumper, into an extraordinary realm - see the feather dotted sky blue sweater (the Callie, £240) from this new collab for an instant example.Of all the pieces from this new range, the powder blue suit might be the most special. Not only is it a perfect example of Stine’s trend-setting agenda but it’s modelled on a bespoke suit created for a red carpet event with rhinestone appliqué. This is glamour meets every day.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Halloween is barely a blink away, will you be a ‘Sexy Swashbuckler’ in a snug corset and ruffled petticoat? Or a ‘Darling Dalmation’ in a furry micro mini dress with a floppy-eared headband? Or, perhaps, you’ll play ‘Nurse’ in a ludicrously short white wrap dress that veers so far south a bra is out of the question?Anyone who has watched Mean Girls will know by heart the scene that perfectly sums up Halloween for the female half of the population. Lindsay Lohan’s character Cady knowingly says, ‘In the regular world, Halloween is when children dress up in costumes and beg for candy. In Girl World, Halloween is the one night a year when a girl can dress like a total slut and no other girls can say anything about it’. Feminism has come a long way, but there's still an abundance of sexy cats that come out for the 31st of October. That said, Halloween was about sex long before it was about chocolate and children.‘Slut-o-ween’ as it’s sometimes dubbed can trace it’s origins to the festival’s precursor, Samhain (SAH-win). It’s said animal hides and the heads of livestock slaughtered ahead of this Gaelic festival were worn during the rituals. Sounds decidedly un-sexy. However, as the boundaries between the living and the dead blurred, so did the lines between genders. Young men would celebrate by dressing up as women and vice versa.Dress-up has a camp history of its own. From Venice’s debauched masquerades to the decadent costume balls of the French Court during the rule of Louis XVI and his wife Marie Antoinette, the history of fancy dress can’t be untangled from its sexy and salacious past.The phenomenon known as ‘enclothed cognition’ explains the appeal of fancy dress, explains MindFashion’s founder and cultural marketing expert Janne Baetsen. 'The reasons why we dress-up and whom or what we dress-up as might be broad and personal, but one thing is certain, a costume allows us to imagine and transform into someone else, or, in a different version of ourselves. Giving us 'super' powers that normally don't come naturally or maybe even make us uncomfortable, from feeling sexy, less shy or like a kid again to brave, funny, scary or strong.’ Costumes allow us to let our inner selves loose, even if it’s just for one night a year.But back to those sexy cats.'Over time, it became custom of boy choristers dressing up as virgins in Hallowmass [the day after Halloween] ceremonies, which were not only intended to commemorate the dead but also to wish for fruitful unions,' York university's political and social professor Nick Rogers tells me. It took a while for the ghosts and witches concept to get hooked to the festivities, but Rogers thinks this might be because All Soul’s Day (the other name for Hallowmass) was associated with the deceased.Credit: ShutterstockThe Influencerhalloween costumes that only make sense in 20182of20The InfluencerSerena WilliamsGhosting Killing EveThe CrownWalmart's Yodel KidMillenial SnowflakesMoving on a few years, a man named Ben Cooper can be blamed for the fancy dress boom. During the Great Depression, Cooper was an out-of-work costumier in New York who began selling outfits based on characters, like Snow White and Donald Duck. Suddenly white sheet ghosts and homemade witches were out and in-came these thin, but affordable dime store costumes. Lisa Morton, author of Trick or Treat: A History of Halloween tells Grazia that the holiday was, ‘mainly a day for boys to play all sorts of pranks, but by 1933 the pranks had become so destructive - this was also at the height of the Great Depression - that many cities were considering banning the holiday.Instead, a few smart parents got the idea of buying off the destructive pranksters with parties, and costuming became a big part of those parties.’ And yes, this is where the phrase ‘trick or treat’ comes from.But, fever pitch for the festival didn’t hit mass proportions until post-war. It was a combination of things – the growth of safe suburban neighbourhoods, the end of sugar rationing and ergo the expansion of confectionary companies, the increase in single-parent households with less available time to make handmade costumes and an appetite for the growing mass-produced cheap ready-made clothing – in the 1950s that made Halloween into a day of delight for kids.A perfect storm of events in the 1970s took Halloween out of the cosy enclaves of church halls and sanitised suburbs and into the streets. In this decade of sexual-liberation, Hollywood got hold of the horror film genre and fueled money into tawdy but camp films like Rocky Horror Picture Show but also cult scare classics like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, The Exorcist and The Wicker Man. Meanwhile, in New York’s Greenwich Village the combustible combination of cheap rent meant low-income families lived side-by-side with the queer community that occupied this enclave of the city. It was here that the door-to-door parade of dressed-up kids inspired a neighbourhood party that brought drag artists out into the daylight. Soon de facto gay districts across the US – West Hollywood, the Castro etc – saw a similar set of events took place.But, the sexy cat concept didn’t really take a grip until the 90s, thinks Morton. ‘It's likely that they represent the holiday's transition from a festival celebrated mainly by children - as it was until the 1970s - to something co-opted more and more by adults,’ she says. Whether it’s little boys dressed as superheroes and little girls in princess costumes, Morton thinks the act of costume gendering has been mainstream since the mid-century, but at the end of the 20th Century, something took hold.Possibly it was an economic impetus, thinks popular culture studies Professor Jack Santino. ‘Halloween has always been about breaking taboos, all those images of death adorning houses; gay parades, political parodies, and so forth,’ he says, ‘ Here the night offers an occasion to flaunt one's sexuality in a way not condoned by the everyday norms. Plus, the commercial Halloween industry has done their best to capitalize and commodify virtually every folk tradition.’‘It’s easy,’ says Georgia a self-professed sexy Halloween dresser. ‘I tend to go for an outfit that’s easy to whip together the night before. Typically, these end up being “sexy” costumes because it will just be my regular going-out clothes with a fancy dress twist. To be honest, I despise the rhetoric around Halloween costumes so if anything I like to prove a point that wearing less clothes has no bearing on my sexual desires or history.’The sexy cat, if you will, like all more costumes says more about the wearer than they may think. ‘Although you are hiding behind a mask during Halloween, it may reveal more of yourself than you are conscious of,’ divulges Baetsen. ‘Previous psychological research on the meanings behind costume choices has revealed that turning into a sexy Jessica Rabbit can stand for a celebration of repressed sexuality, Cinderella can represent your lost innocence or beauty, and Zombie Joe can show your fascination with the macabre.’So before you hate on the trope for sexy Halloween costumes too much, consider this: Halloween gives us the opportunity to push our sartorial personality to the forefront and express our sexuality in a safe environment. There's more to that sexy cat costume than meets the eye.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a certain delight to the shorter days and longer nights that come with winter. No, just me?With the calendar now closer to Christmas than the equinox, it’s officially time to switch gears from summer to something more cosy. Goodbye, frozen coffee and summer dresses, hello hot chocolates and heavy knitted jumpers. With every new season comes a new set of trends (your AW18 cheat sheet is here) and while we’re not saying you need to throw everything out and start again, there are certain items that are just more relevant this winter than they were last. And, we’re not even talking about the trend-driven prints and fabrics that are divisive game changers, no we’re talking about the boring basics that no one notices until they tip from fine to frumpy when the fashion dial moves. Helpfully, October weather isn’t what it use to be and with the forecast still hovering around temperatures we’d expect to see in mid-September we’re not expecting to need half the switch ups anytime soon. That said, stock up.Credit: ShutterstockOut: Double-Breasted BlazersIn: Single-Breasted BlazerSquare up to the new season with a  boxier cut that will elevate the trousers and dresses already hanging in your wardrobe.autumn winter 18 fashion updates2of14Out: Double-Breasted BlazersIn: Single-Breasted BlazerSquare up to the new season with a  boxier cut that will elevate the trousers and dresses already hanging in your wardrobe.Out: ChinosIn: High-Waisted Black Trousers Capture the black magic or a pair of well-tailored trousers to give your going out-out tops and work blouses a drop of pizazz. Out: TightsIn: LeggingsFree the legs from the suffocating reality of tights with this equally warm but far more stylish option. Out: Mom JeansIn: Stiff, Straight, Dark DenimDenim is no longer only for days off, so smarten up your jean offering with a pair of dark, straight stiff indigo trousers. Out: Ironic T-ShirtsIn: Cotton Long-Sleeved TeesBrands like Blouse are making the case for the skater top this winter and we're sold. We'll be channelling the 90s and wearing it under shirts and short sleeve tees. Out: Roll NeckIn: Funnel NeckLet's admit the truth, folding a roll neck is a total faff. Get the same effect without the pain in the ahem neck, with a funnel neck. It's equally elegant and equally steeped in counter culture coolness. We'll be wearing ours under that single button blazer. Out: Aran SweatersIn: Cashmere CrewneckStreamlining your knitwear won't just save you shelf space but will debulk your outfits too. A grey cashmere crewneck is goals this winter. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sunday scaries may sound sweet, but one study found that 76 per cent of American’s feel this acute stomach-twisting melancholy. I’d hasten a guess that it’s not just those across the pond that feel the weight of their to-do list bare down on them as the weekend comes to an end.Personally, it’s the looming presence of work that makes my cortisol bubble. The reasons vary - a big deadline, a meeting or even something as banal as what to wear to work to make the right impression - but scrapey anxiety is the same. One way I deal with it is by getting myself prepared the night before. How? I lay out everything I’m going to wear for that week ahead of time. Sure, it’s a bandaid and won’t sooth every anxious thought, but it lets me have a minute more lie-in and feel more in control of my mornings. To do this I like to take inspiration from influencers as getting dressed is their job. Here’s who I’m copying this week...Credit: Instagram/@pernilleteisbaekworkwear 15.09.182of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s hard to believe that just a few years ago it was near impossible to buy a mid-range handbag. Back then bags fell into two categories: designer (read: starting at £900) or high street, which meant forsaking quality of materials for price. But, then a handful of labels came along to plug that gap in the market and Elleme was one of them.The label has a store in Paris and is stocked by Selfridges, Harvey Nichols and Farfetch, which is always a good indicator of not just taste but quality. The brand’s name is derived from the French words ‘Elle aime’, which means ‘she loves’. Designed by Jingjing Fan, these accessories marry Fans’ Asian heritage with the chic sleekness of Parisian taste. Top of our wish list? The shearling satchel, of course. With a hand stitched handle and soft woolen body it adds texture to everyday denim and if you’re taken by this season’s masculine tailoring this will soften your ensemble.elleme bags2of6© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you were paying attention over the summer you would have noticed that beaded bags were everywhere. On the arm of Alexa Chung and in the shop windows of Topshop, they were hard to miss.Gaudy little things that they were, they appealed to the magpie inside all of us. Their winking multi-coloured beads made other summer totes, like beach and straw, seem deftly dull. 🌹🥀🌹🥀🌹🥀Beauty and the Bead(ed bag) #taleasoldastime 🌹🥀🌹🥀🌹🥀A post shared by  Susan Alexandra (@susan_alexandra) on Oct 2, 2018 at 5:40am PDTThese little totems surfed the 1970s revival trend, so while the designers brought these vintage-y pieces back into the mainstream for 2018 they already had their own fashion history. That said, when New York-based artist Susan Alexandra hit on the idea to create a series of fruity-themed plastic beaded bags that recalled those sweetie-coloured accessories of the past she had no idea she was tapping into what was to become the biggest trend of this summer. Made using a mixture of crocheting, beading and patience, she came up with the concept nearly two years' ago in early 2017.‘I found the right woman who could take my sketches and watercolours and transform them into beaded masterpieces’, she tells Grazia, ‘each bag is made by hand with over 1,500 beads'.While she can’t pinpoint the reason for the surge in interest in her creation, she says, it was all ‘very surreal. Imagine the volume turning up from zero to 1,000 almost overnight!’ Early on she made a fan out of one local influencer with an international following, Leandra Medine who speaks to an audience of 736K people on her Instagram and a further 2 mill on her work account, Man Repeller. By the time Susan’s designs were going global another designer had devised a similar accessory. Hannah Weiland's label Shrimps had devised the Antonia bag. Though it had a boxier, sturdier structure it was still very much a beaded bag. Alexandra tells me she emailed Weiland about the similarity and the sudden surge of copycat designs infiltrating the lower priced end of the market. 🍒Harley, Queen of the Cherries🍒with the Ma Cherie bag 🍒A post shared by  Susan Alexandra (@susan_alexandra) on Jan 13, 2018 at 9:24am PST‘Recently, I've started seeing other designers developing beaded bags. I'm trying to see that as a good thing, but it doesn't always feel this way. I pour so much of my blood sweat and tears into my work and I believe that authenticity always resonates with people’, Alexandra explains.Once a trend starts rolling the shopping public don’t have much time to stop, think and buy the original. Price consciousness outweighs in this respect. And, Alexandra knows this. ‘I am now more than ever committed to making things that bring me over-the-top delight. I am thinking about what I really love and making it. What people can never take from me is my vision and what brings me joy!’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Date for your diary: 8th November, AKA the next H&M designer collab day. Picking up the baton from Erdem, this year is the turn of Moschino’s Jeremy Scott who brings the brand’s high-energy glam to the high-street. And revealed today is every single piece from the collection, so you can start planning exactly what you’ll want to get your hands on next month.H&M’s designer collaborations have form in generating excitement – who can forget the Balmain dresses which traded on eBay for more than some mainline pieces retail at? Pieces from the Margiela, Comme des Garcons and Marni collections still do the rounds with the fashion pack. Queues are guaranteed. ‘The collaborations are a celebration of fashion, like a global party that everyone is invited to,’ says H&M’s Creative Advisor Ann-Sofie Johansson. ‘Right now fashion is all about being loud and in-your-face, about expressing yourself through what you wear. Jeremy at Moschino is the perfect designer for this year’s collaboration because his work is so bold and free and full of fun and energy’.So what will Jeremy bring? ‘I really wanted this to be the real deal. For me it’s more than just a collaboration. I wanted it to be like an extra Moschino collection for the season, with the same energy, the same impact, the same authenticity. It’s like a special moment for the season, a capsule of Moschino pieces that you know you’re only going to find at the H&M store,’ explains Jeremy, who says he ‘freaked out’ (that’s a good thing) when H&M approached him. ‘I absolutely believe fashion should be democratic. There are so many fans round the world who want to wear fashion, but they don’t want to have to spend two months’ rent on it. I don’t think things should get dumbed down when they’re at a lower price point. If anything they should be more fierce!’.There was no watering down. ‘It’s 100% Moschino!,’ says Jeremy. ‘It’s in the bling bling bling, the pop culture, the fierce Italian glamour, the mix of high and low, and of course in the MOSCHINO logo. When I’m designing I’m always thinking about my friends. The thing is, that friend might be Rihanna, or it might be the girl who sits next to me in the office. If I can’t visualise that, then I don’t want to do it,’ he says. ‘A lot of my fans love things that look like they’re worn on stage by a pop star. And then a lot of my girls who are actually on the stage would totally wear that piece too’. Cue: leather dresses, super-cropped jackets, metallic trouser suits and heeled hiking boots. Archival touches – like the CD print and brazen gold trompe l’oeil chains – are remixed for now. Sweatshirts and baseball shirts emblazoned with Disney characters have ‘sell out’ written all over them. Want to go full on (which reallyJeremy might trade in good vibes clothes, but the politically astute designer (he’s currently binge-reading Bob Woodward’s <Fear: Trump in the White House) is also aware of the power of fashion as a platform for making serious statements. Taking his bow at his own-label show in New York in September, Scott wore a T-shirt protesting Trump’s nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.Sweatpants, £79.99Moschino TV x H&M2of68Sweatpants, £79.99Cropped Jacket, £119.99Body, £39.99Crop Top, £79.99Body, £39.99Trousers, £79.99Pullover, £49.99Bikini, £17.99T-Shirt, £29.99Denim Jacket, £119.99Trousers, £199.99Dress, £229.99Skirt, £59.99T-Shirt, £17.99Coat, £149.99Hoodie, £49.99Bra Top, £119.99Sweatpants, £59.99Sweatshirt, £49.99Jacket, £119.99Shirt, £69.99T-Shirt, £29.99Bra Top, £24.99Top, £69.99Jacket, £249.99Trousers, £199.99Sweater, £79.99Dress, £79.99Dress, £119.99Pullover, £99.99Dress, £99.99Dress, £119.99Skirt, £59.99Bustier, £39.99Scarf, £49.99Earrings, £19.99Belt, £79.99Bracelet, £49.99Bracelet, £29.99Earrings, £29.99Earrings, £29.99Earrings, £29.99Necklace, £39.99Necklace, £99.99Pouch, £79.99Bag, £139.99Accessory, £19.99Belt, £119.99Choker, £49.99Boots, £149.99Slides, £59.99Boots, £229.99Boots, £149.99Boots, £299.99Dog Collar, £79.99Dogs Sweater, £59.99Dogs Sweater, £59.99Eyemask, £29.99Accessory, £139.99Socks, £14.99Scarf, £29.99Phone Case, £29.99Braces, £29.99Pins, £9.99Belt Bag, £49.99Cap, £29.99Cap, £24.99Rucksack, £139.99‘Our clothing speaks before we open our own mouth. It tells people who we are or who we believe we are. It can convey an emotion, an inspiration and of course a message,’ Jeremy explains. ‘I was personally moved by the hearings on CNN about Kavanaugh and felt I had to use my moment. I wanted to help inspire other people that maybe had not been reached to please take time to call their senators, and to voice their objections. So yes, I do think fashion can be political. Part of fashion is about being linked with culture, and the wider goings on in politics, in finance and in the whole human experience. True fashion cannot live in a vacuum’.For Jeremy it’s also vital that he uses his platform to champion diversity. For the H&M campaign and lookbook he drew on a glamorous, varied cast including friend Gigi Hadid, drag superstar Aquaria and plus-sized model Barbie Ferreira. ‘Diversity is my life. It’s part of who I am, and it’s been a part of my collections since I first started in the 90s. With the Moschino [tv]H&M campaign I wanted to show how diversity should be something that’s natural for all of us, no matter who you are or where you come from. I love how fashion is a place where you can push for change, and it’s so amazing to be able to do so on the global stage of H&M’. ‘Jeremy is such a gentleman. He’s so fun to be around, and he’s so polite and attentive. It’s amazing to watch him work, because with this he’s also incredibly focused and dedicated to his work. He has strong opinions, and instinctively knows what is right for the brand,’ says Ann-Sofie. ‘It’s such a perfect mix of characteristics, because he gets so much work done, and yet everyone also has the best time doing it’.You’ll also have the best time wearing it; the Moschino [tv]H&M collection radiates a sense of fun. ‘Humour is so much part of what makes Moschino tick,’ says Jeremy. ‘It was so much fun thinking about the pieces that will make the fans go crazy’. And crazy they will go – make sure you set your alarm early on the 8th.MOSCHINO[tv]H&M is available from 8th November.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Warehouse is hardly an underground label, but it’s where all the insiders have been shopping this season. And, we can’t blame them. This high street favourite is serving up animal print polo necks, kilts and teddy bear coats for autumn.Since rebooting its look some two years ago, Warehouse has had its finger on the trend pulse without being too fashion victim-y about it. That's why the tartan tote and scarlet Buffalo coat is able to namecheck relevant autumn winter 18 trends without only having a one-season lifespan. Amen. We’ll be investing in the asymmetric zebra striped dress as it taps into a key look for spring summer 19. And, come party season the sequined hassled co-ord will be our go-to. Scroll down to see what’s in our shopping bag for yourselfwarehouse aw182of17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not to generalise, but French women, with their capsule wardrobes and lens-ready styling, seem far chicer right now than any trend-slaved alternative. The quiet sexy that Carine Rotifeld and Jeanne Damas rep and the subtle luxury that defines their look is something we always aspire to. Of course, there are the established houses (cough Chanel, cough Christian Dior), but recently we’ve stumbled across some smaller, more unique labels that also stand out for all the right reasons. Why? They make Parisian chic attainable. Meet the 12 labels you need to know...With Peggy Guggenheim and the blinding sunlight of an Italian summer on the mood board, it would be easy to think that Roseanna is all concept. But, the reality is quite different - it has the effortless feel of Parisian women and a fearlessness that makes one want to confidently clash colours and patterns. french brands to know2of12With Peggy Guggenheim and the blinding sunlight of an Italian summer on the mood board, it would be easy to think that Roseanna is all concept. But, the reality is quite different - it has the effortless feel of Parisian women and a fearlessness that makes one want to confidently clash colours and patterns. Founded by Scottish-born April Crichton and Parisian Orély Forestier, La Fetiche makes use of the tireless craftsmanship of both designer's homelands. In translation, this means that for winter, there are hand-knitted sweaters, Breton stripe pullovers and kilts.In short, Alexa Chung is a fan of Carel, which is as good an indicator of any of just how chic this Parisian shoe-brand is. Founded in 1952, the label came into its own a decade later when it collaborated with Dior and has remained relevant ever since. Fans of Rixo will surely like We Are Leone, which also specialises in head-turning dresses. Founders and sisters Tallulah and Ruby Rufus Issacs have lived in Paris, Los Angeles and Rome, which if you pay careful attention can be felt in their worldly designers. Valentine Gauthier cut her teeth at Martin Margiela's studio before launching her own label in 2007. Head to Gauthier for subtly feminine pieces, printed blouses and brilliant blazers. For readers familiar with American label Warby Parker, Jimmy Fairly is Europe's equivalent. Head here for trend-setting lenses at prices that won't make you weep. It really doesn't get more typically Parisian than Souers. As the name suggests, the label is designed by two sisters, Domitille and Angélique Brion, and together they make exquisite shirts, classic outerwear and stiff denim. Since 1964, Jonak has been fashioning affordable, aspirational footwear. This season we're eyeing up their lace-up booties and loafers. Married to French Vogue's Emmanuelle Alt, Franck Durand was well-positioned to relaunch Holiday Boileau in 2014. Originally, a travel magazine operating in the 40s through to the 70s in New York, Dunard saw the promise in relaunching the publication with an accompanying line of easy-to-wear sweatshirts, brightly coloured tees and weekend wardrobe essentials. There was a real Zina de Plagny and she worked in France's ateliers during the golden age of couture (1930s-40s). It's her daughter, Marie-Thérèse, and granddaughter, Irène, who have revived her legacy with this label, which they launched nearly a decade ago. With seven sustainably-minded collections dropping a year (that's around once every two months), Mirae is well aware of the taste and habits of the modern shopper. Expect trend-led dresses, timeless blouses and retro footwear. Less than a year ago Anne-Laure Mais launched Musier. With collections dropping every two months with all designs assembled and manufactured in Paris ateliers, this is smart fast fashion with an eye for Instagrammable clothes. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...An exasperated Melania Trump told reporters, ‘I wish people would focus on what I do and not what I wear’, which is easier said than done. Just the day before the First Lady of the United States wore a white pith helmet - a symbol of colonial rule - while visiting a wildlife trust in Nairobi, Kenya, as part of a multi-country tour of Africa.With very little practical purpose, the hat in question is a funny choice. With a rounded crown and wide brim, it was de rigueur of colonialists, both the gentleman and the military kind. The British army favoured these as helmut on battlegrounds in Africa and India. Soon after it became fashionable with the leisure class who used capitalism to colonialise Africa, as depicted by Meryl Streep in ‘Out of Africa’.Matt Carotenuto, a historian of African Studies at St. Lawrence University told CNN it was like Melania showed, ‘up on an Alabama cotton farm in a Confederate uniform’.While no one is certain that Melania was fully cognisant of the hat’s history it follows a narrative the FLOTUS has created of overshadowing her public appearances with an insensitive sartorial choice. First, she offended by wearing a pair of designer stilettos to visit the devastation of Hurricane Harvey in Texas. Next, she caught flack for wearing a Zara parka with the words ‘I really don’t care, do u?’ scrawled on the back to a tender age detention centre, amidst mass criticism of Trump's zero tolerance family separation policy. Although her spokesperson said there was 'no hidden message' with her fashion choice, her husband appeared to disagree:And now, this. Melania may want to be judged for more than just her fashion choices - of which is the right of everyone - but the consistency of her egregious ensembles makes me think she really wants the opposite to happen.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Don’t you find it odd we spend so much time planning what to wear to a job interview but so little time on what we wear once we’ve started the role?The rules about office dress codes are changing with more and more workplaces adopting a more casual approach, which, I for one, am happy to champion. With the tide turning towards comfort over constriction, colour and pattern over monotony it may seem like an exciting time to be in the working world. But, with the rise of the new rules it’s more of a minefield to know where the professional line starts and stops. To get you ready from your Monday-to-Friday life, I’ve found five influencers who are towing the right line. Scroll on to see what they are wearing this weekCredit: Instagram/@lisa.aikenworkwear october2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We use a totally non-scientific formula to calculate whether a brand will go viral and honestly, Art dealer.’s potential is off the charts. It’s 90 per cent intuition and 10 per cent influencer marketing, but this algorithm has never been wrong.Any seasoned Instagram user will know that it’s no coincidence when influencers start wearing the same item. It happened with Prada neon and it happened with Realisation Par’s leopard print midi skirt, and it’s happening again with new(ish) label Art dealer. When there is an influx of an item so niche that it’s not the product of a long tail, brand-led PR scheme, it’s a sure-fire sign that it’s about to go viral.The Chilean-born, Italian-trained, Barcelona-based Art dealer. designer Carolina Cerutti’s esoteric tastes aren’t dramatically different from that of Realisation Par’s, in fact. Her silky wrap dresses and animal prints have already made fans out of Patricia Manfield, Chiara Ferragni and Caroline Vreeland. Though newly graduated, Cerutti’s designs dig deeper than trends for inspiration. The finished result is something akin to Attico but with a more appealing price point. We recommend you check it out.art dealer journal2of8© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Once upon a time, if you said the phrase ‘vegan clothes’ we’d immediately think of murky-coloured hemp sacks, scratchy knitwear and clompy shoes. But, in the words of Bob Dylan 'the times they are changing'. Even if you weren’t one of the record number of people (250,000) who took part in Veganuary this year, it’s likely you know someone who did. Whether it’s because of Beyonce, Lewis Hamilton, Ariana Grande, Ruby Tandoh, your health or the planet’s, or because of the cute helpless animals, veganism is a lifestyle choice on the rise. Being vegan means more than denouncing the traditional Sunday roast and hangover fry-up, it means rethinking your entire wardrobe and the brands you buy from. Luckily, the fashion world has clocked that the vegan consumer market is growing at an exponential rate, so the options for animal-friendly shopping have never been so good.A tsunami of labels at every tier of the industry have publicly denounced the use of fur - labels like Versace, Armani, Tommy Hilfiger Michael Kors, Shrimps, Gucci, Gap Inc., H&M, Inditex (Zara’s parent brand), Burberry and Marc Jacobs. Gucci’s creative director Alessandro Michele told the Business of Fashion, ‘[f]ashion has always been about trends and emotions and anticipating the wishes and desires of consumers’, which gives us reason to hope that the future will be lined in faux fur.'As Yvonne Taylor, Director of Corporate Projects at PETA '"vegan" is now one of the most used words in fashion, it's clear that today's conscious consumers are extending compassion to all aspects of their lives'With the rise of 'cool' conscious labels like H&M Conscious, Shrimps, Nanushka and this week's drop of a collaboration between Reformation x New Balance trainers - it's never been easier to look cool yet responsible.While Stella McCartney might be leading the way, finding vegan fashion on the high street is possible. Fact. However, it just requires being clued up on what you’re really buying. For starters, the concept of veganism is simple: avoiding using, buying or partaking in any action that exploits and ‘uses’ animals. This means wool is out, cashmere is contentious and leather is a total no-go. That said, alternative animal-free fabrics are out there, you just need to look out for epithets like ‘faux’, ‘vegan’, ‘fake’ and ‘imitation’. ‘High-quality animal-free leather is made from many different materials, including non-animal microfibers, recycled nylon, polyurethane (PU), and even plants, including mushrooms and fruit. And bio-fabricated leather grown in laboratories is coming to a shelf near you soon!’ explains PETA.Shopping for vegan clothes requires relegating not just fur but cashmere, mohair, feathers, bone, shell, angora, exotic skins, angora, silks, down feathers, shearling and wool to the reject pile. Sidestep animal-cruelty by looking for plant-based or manmade fabrics instead, like cotton, linen, polyester, acrylic and nylon. Yvonne Taylor explains, 'Vegan fashion really is everywhere today – from British high-street stores to luxury labels and independent vegan designers (many of which produce locally and use recycled fabrics). There's an abundance of cruelty-free synthetic and natural materials to choose from – including microfibre, linen, cotton, and faux animal skins. This movement is also leading the way in developing innovative, eco-friendly materials – in the past couple of years alone, pineapple leather, seed-fibre down alternatives, and "fleece" made from recycled plastic bottles have all come to the market.'It’s a complicated world and the concept of cruelty-free clothing and vegan fashion are mutually exclusive. While ethics are on the side of animal-friendly labels, that doesn’t mean their production methods, sustainability and ethical business practices are in check too. Get Googling, pay a visit to PETA and get clued up because forward-thinking shopping is within reach, it just takes some research. While investing in synthetic clothes may tick the vegan-friendly box, they fuzz over the green question.For instance, cotton may count as animal-friendly but the harvesting of it does untold damage to the planet’s eco-system and context many animals live in. Producing cotton is thirsty work, it's estimated that 40% of the world’s clothing is cotton and to make it requires 18% of the global pesticide and 25% of the world’s insecticide use. To craft this material so much water is required that rivers dry up and local communities are under-provided for, plus the run-off from these pollutants leaves the local waterways that survive in a bad state of affairs.'When you consider last year's groundbreaking Pulse of the Fashion Industry report – which found that three of the four most environmentally damaging materials are animal-derived – shopping vegan means choosing kindness over harm to both animals and the environment.' Adds Taylor, 'Leather was cited as the worst offender by far – its environmental impact was found to be twice as severe as that of polyurethane.'For all it’s faults, our shopping habits can be managed with a little compassion and consideration. Think about what you’re buying, look for the vegan trademark and shop sensibly.ASOSAmelie PichardFree PeopleH&M ConsciousMatt & NatForever21PatagoniaPeople TreeShrimpsSkall StudiosStella McCartneyThe KooplesThrive Stella McCartneyThe latest New Balance x Reformation collaborationShrimpsRombautNanushka Vegan LeatherReformationSkall StudioH&M ConsciousThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I may not be able to pronounce hygge - that Swedish addiction to cosiness - but as the weather turns colder, it’s become the driving factor in how I get dressed. The desire, for me, at least, to watch Gilmore Girls and look and feel warm has become so overpowering I’ve benched some of my favourite clothes (cotton dresses and denim jackets included).Picture your dream autumn wardrobe. Are there fluffy jumpers and dresses you can wear 100 denier tights with? Is there a faux fur coat and dinky bag? Now, I wasn’t expecting this, and I’m sure you weren’t either, but it’s the label Kate Spade that’s currently serving up the perfect winter uniform. There are jeans cropped for ankle boots, sweaters that can be worn alone or layered over a fluid dress and, best of all, there’s a coat that will add oomph to every day but won’t undersell your party season ensembles.It’s impossible to talk about Kate Spade without mentioning the space the eponymous designer carved into the collective conscious. She injected fun into fashion and gloried in the kooky. Next spring is Nicola Glass’ first collection for the label, which showed for the first time during New York Fashion Week last month, and just like this winter range, it’s just as buoyant and sparkling as it was under the late Spade. During Spade's tenure at her namesake brand she locked in pretty house codes that mixed wearability with a steady stream of imagination, and this new collection is a fitting legacy to the designer. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The ability of designers in Milan to find commerce in creativity, cut through the noise and sieve the winners is what makes these brands so vital to the fashion system. So, what will we all be wearing next spring? Which decade do you prefer? ’60s? ’70s? ’80s? The latter was served up in deliciously witty form by Jeremy Scott, a child of the ’80s. He based his collection on a recurring nightmare in which he rolls up to his show only to find there are no clothes. Hence his ’80s power suits were printed with furious pen marks, as if they’d just been dashed off  backstage. One model resembled a giant pair of scissors, another a measuring tape, while two more held bolts of fabric that unfurled as trains as they swept down the runway. Moschino Milano @kendalljenner #kendalljenner #moschino @itsjeremyscott @carlynecerfdedudzeele #cerfstyle @pg_dmcasting @samuel_ellis @arthurmejean @paulhanlonhair @tompecheux @maccosmetics @wolfordA post shared by  Moschino (@moschino) on Sep 20, 2018 at 1:23pm PDTWant a more romantic take on that decade? See Lorenzo Serafini’s Philosophy show for big-shouldered taffeta tops, polka-dot lace and high-waisted mom jeans. As for the ’70s, Donatella Versace’s opening looks – orange leather, print- clash stripes, checks and knee-high boots – will suffice. Flawless beauty along a strong attitude. Beautiful @stellamaxwell walking at the Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini Spring Summer 2019 fashion show. #MFW #SS19 #PhilosophyOfficial #LorenzoSerafini #StellaMaxwellA post shared by  Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini (@philosophyofficial) on Sep 22, 2018 at 8:06am PDTAnd for a rule-breaking take on the polite codes of the ’60s, head to Prada. ‘I want to break the rules of classic,’ said Miuccia, who subverted the era’s stereotypes. Crisp shirts had peekaboo holes in the front, prim sweaters had holes in the back.  ere were A-line skirts and gold-buttoned princess coats, high-neck tops and pedal-pushers.Her favourite, she said, was the T-shirt dress a trapeze shape hemmed in duchess satin and embellished with jewels – and with that she brought the ’60s bang up to date.What clothes? It was all about molto merchandise in Milan: bags! Shoes! Hats! Gloves! Earrings! Worn all at once! So, which brand did it best? PRADA. Back on form in every way, particularly in the accessories department, with the most unlikely front-runners: pop socks (trust me, they look crazily chic) and, please note: You. Will. Want. A. Prada. Headband. Make Miuccia’s chunky satin halos your crowning glory. When it comes to bags, think twice about resembling a pack horse – as so many models did in Milan, weighed down by multi-bagging, the trend that got out of control. Most sophist? Look out for Tod’s new rendition of its classic D-Bag. Fendi also reissued its famous Baguette – lavishly embellished, of course – but the brand’s new utility tool belts are totally 2019. An elevated spin on the traditional utility belt, leather accessories are adorned with tone-on-tone pockets seen throughout the collection. Discover more on Fendi.com #FendiSS19 #MFWA post shared by  Fendi (@fendi) on Sep 28, 2018 at 9:10am PDTJil Sander, meanwhile, won in the biggest bag category with the most ginormous totes, closely followed by Alberta Ferretti’s swag bags. As for designer trainers, you know they’re not going away when everyone from Giorgio Armani (sparkling sock trainers) to Donatella Versace – think supermodels prancing on bubble soles – sends them down the runway. The most ridiculously luxurious, however, were found at Jimmy Choo: crystal-encrusted sneakers with diamond-faceted resin soles. They drop on 25 October and cost £2,795. Milan is traditionally full of polish and glamour, but such glitzy glossiness, all geared to be immaculately mass-produced, can sometimes feel soulless. How refreshing, then, to see two design houses serve up collections that had been crafted by human hand – glorious imperfections and all. Cue Francesco Risso at Marni, a hot talent whose show set was a fashion dormitory – we all sat on beds, the same bed as Anna Wintour, no less. His collection looked as if it had been put together in an artist’s garret, not a clinical fashion studio, with raw canvas toiles, unfinished hems and the occasional scattering of grandma’s jewels. Leather coats were sploshed with paint and dresses naively printed.  #MissoniSS19 emotional finale to the strains of Michael Nyman @michaelnymanmusic #Missoni65A post shared by  Missoni (@missoni) on Sep 29, 2018 at 9:00am PDTLikewise, the Missonis, marking 65 years of masterful knitting, celebrated with a collection that put the human touch front and centre. Michael Nyman, who played piano in the background, may have lost his music in the wind (we were on a rooftop), but those delicate cobwebby knits never looked lovelier swishing in the breeze. Oh to be the woman with the bohemian lifestyle who slinks around in Missoni’s zig-zag knits.Still here. And for good reason: if Milan is sticking with all hues of brown for next spring, it’s because you’ve been buying them. And we all know why: they look delicious and flatter any skin tone. The update is how to mix them. See Max Mara’s intermingling of beige, taupe, honey, khaki and pops of searing yellow – it works.  Mediterranean sun. @kaiagerber scorches the #MaxMaraSS19 Runway Show in a blazing yellow outfit. #MFWA post shared by  Max Mara (@maxmara) on Sep 21, 2018 at 4:46am PDTFerragamo’s standout show used pink with olivey-brown. Fendi issued mouth-watering suedes in all shades of chocolate with punches of white. And new shade alert! Tod’s terracotta pink.Have designers turned meteorologists? They were surely telling us something about the weather, judging by all the rain macs and trenches.  is is obviously brilliant news for us Brits. Most notable: Fendi’s plastic macs that opened the show.  Women's Spring/Summer 2019 Fashion Show #FendiSS19 #MFWA post shared by  Fendi (@fendi) on Sep 20, 2018 at 9:59am PDTThe worst idea, right? Wrong. Somehow, weirdly enough, they look super-desirable. And by 2019, you’ll be ready to take them on. Think about it: what else to wear with all those designer trainers? What with athleisure so ingrained in our wardrobes, it was only a matter of time before they smacked of chic when worn with a tailored jacket. See Cavalli and Fendi.  The hallmarks of Roberto Cavalli - artisanship, handcraft, sensuality. #RobertoCavalliSS19  #MFW @gigihadid for #RobertoCavalli by creative director #PaulSurridgeA post shared by  Roberto Cavalli Official (@roberto_cavalli) on Sep 23, 2018 at 12:51am PDTNot your living room décor, your wardrobe, darling. Waistcoat-jacket-coat or double-jacketing is a ‘thing’. Ermanno Scervino nailed this.  Relive the SS19 Show! A collection in which the past is a non-nostalgic beginning to create futuristic garnments. #ScervinoSS19 Discover more on ermannoscervino.com . . #ErmannoScervino #SpringSummer #sscollection #ss19 #fashionshow #runway #mfw #milanofashionweek #couture #runwaylook #catwalk #fashionweekA post shared by  ERMANNO SCERVINO (@ermannoscervino) on Sep 23, 2018 at 2:57am PDT‘My name is Robbie fucking Williams. You may remember me from the early ’90s.’ So said the entertainer when he performed live at the Emporio Armani show – held, insanely enough, in a giant aircraft hangar at Linate Airport. The one that has displayed the designer’s name and logo since 1996 – lest anyone forget who’s boss in town. Oh, how the fashion industry loves to whinge about travelling too late at night and too far; but how privileged and spoilt we are!  What an honour to be part of this amazing event with @emporioarmani #EABoardingA post shared by  Robbie Williams (@robbiewilliams) on Sep 21, 2018 at 10:27am PDTEspecially to be fast-tracked through security, champagne in hand, and sit comfortably on raised stands to see the action on the thousand-foot catwalk and giant video screens. It was quite a moment for Mr Armani, who sent forth men and women, some 170 exits, that at 80-something showed his tireless stamina for creating new and youthful looks out of his Emporio style arsenal. For the great democratiser, it was also a way of opening fashion up to the public – Armani devotees won tickets to the event, as did Robbie’s fan club. Domenico Dolce & Stefano Gabbana closed the week and won the gong for best cast with an epic collection (over 150 looks) that brought us smiles, both on and, unusually, off  the catwalk. They titled their collection DNA – as in the unchangeable, fundamental characteristics of each and every one of us.  🖤D&G🖤A post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Sep 23, 2018 at 12:09pm PDTTrue to form, they proved that whether you are of Ashley Graham or Carla Bruni proportions, the age of Isabella Rossellini or her grandson Ronin, straight or gender non- binary, you too will look good in their clothes. Because after all, as they said, fashion is for everyone. Amen to that.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last year, the UK spent £320million (!) on Halloween, which might explain why it’s barely October and retailers have already started rolling out the costumes. Some are very misjudged (looking at you ‘sexy Handmaid’), but some have us howling with laughter.Take Urban Outfitter’s ‘influencer’ costume for instance, which has ironically gone viral. For $59 (£45) you can channel Kim Kardashian with leggings and a sports bra, which if you squint look like the ensemble she and a coterie of other instal-famous people wore for Yeezy’s season 6 campaign. Another favourite tapped into our dating insecurities. Called the ‘Ghosted’ costume it’s £20 worth of polyester shorn into a ragged white dress and printed with a one-sided iMessage conversation. It’s spookily familiar.Inspired by these topical fancy dress ideas, we’ve DIY-ed a few of our own. Keeping things culturally reverent, go as Serena Williams in her iconic Nike tutu with the help of a PLT bodysuit. Or, consider Walmart’s Yodel Kid your 2018 Halloween mood with an H&M shirt and Amazon bow-tie. Amen, to that.Credit: ShutterstockThe Influencerhalloween costumes that only make sense in 20182of20The InfluencerSerena WilliamsGhosting Killing EveThe CrownWalmart's Yodel KidMillenial SnowflakesHappy almost Halloween!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s Tuesday, the last day of Paris Fashion Week, which in itself is the final stop on a month-long tour of four cities over two continents. No wonder, the insiders describe themselves as fashion weak.With the end in sight, Susie Lau AKA @susiebubble is heading to Louis Vuitton. But, for her, getting to a show is half of the experience as she is dogged by street style photographers. When you’re a fashion influencer, what you wear and how you style it is your currency and in this arena, Susie is asset strong. To take on the slew of paps outside the show space she gets ready at her home during PFW, No Address Hotel (the very same location where Kim Kardashian was mugged). She gets dressed head-to-toe in Louis Vuitton’s autumn winter 2018 collection, including the Alma bag. As an explanation, she notes she, ‘was going for executive realness LV-style’.Here’s how her day panned out...Credit: Louis Vuitton Where are you staying?'I'm staying at the mysteriously named No Address Hotel... it's the infamous location where Kim Kardashian got mugged but I'm happy to report it is now completely safe and secure!'How long it takes to get ready?'My getting ready routine is super quick. Getting changed for me usually takes around two minutes. However it is the faffing around that prolongs the process. Regarding my hair and make-up, this usually takes around half an hour. I try to be as low maintenance as possible.' Credit: Louis Vuitton How did you choose your outfit?'I was going for executive realness LV-style.  It's quite a "lady" look for me but I kind of love the deliberate matchy-matchy-ness of it.  I especially love the little padlock printed mini Alma bag. I paired the outfit with a pair of statement earrings and for shoes, I wore the headline cross pumps from Ghèsquiere AW18 collection.'Credit: Louis Vuitton How do you travel to the show?'Thankfully I had an extremely smooooooooth ride thanks to my lovely driver Armand, who has escorted me around all of the shows during Paris Fashion Week.  I didn't have to tell him where the LV show was... he just knew! Psychic!' Credit: Louis Vuitton How do you do your hair and makeup?'Not very well as I do both myself!  As the look I was wearing was statement, along with the earrings, I decided to go with a more simplistic look for my hair and makeup. I just put my hair into a top knot and relied on a very matte dark red of Chanel Rouge Crayon.  The less the better really... I don't tend to wear too much make up.'How long it takes to do all the street style shots outside the venue?'I try to walk straight in to be honest, there is always a mad rush to get into the shows, especially the last one. However, I will always stop for Phil Oh (@mrstreetpeeper) though as he's my best friend - and his photos are hilarious and extremely accurate.'Credit: Louis Vuitton What did you think of the set?'I loved it when the lights dimmed inside the sci-fi see-through triangle that looked out onto a menacing pool of water.  When the models started to walk, the light and sound followed them, which was a really strong effect. The sound and neon lights flooding through the set was really mega!'Credit: Louis Vuitton What was your favourite part of the show?'I loved how risky and eclectic it was. Ghèsquiere at his provocative best!  I loved all the geometric 80s new wave prints mixed with the collages of screensaver photos.  I loved the bags with the sharp triangular flap. The oversized rubber mac was amazing.  The photo collage dresses with the Paulette embellishments were also amazing. Fash-ON with a capital F. '  © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘I love your shorts’, I yelled over The Strokes as I spilt my WKD Blue on the carpet of my friend’s student halls. It was my first year at Sussex University and it was December. As I swayed to the roaring music, I didn’t think twice about the fact my legs were also clad in shorts and outside there was snow on the ground. Why? One word: tights.The proliferation of maxi dresses, the rise of thigh-high boots and the growth of the fashionable sock have all conspired to eradicate hosiery from our sartorial vernacular. But, at Paris Fashion Week, Alexa Chung was a one-woman campaigner for the making tights and shorts relevant again.To be fair, what Chung wore outside the Miu Miu show wasn’t much different to what we wore nearly a decade ago. She had on a pair of micro leather shorts with low denier tights and a pair of booties. Where once our tights would have featured ladders (because, indie) hers were pristine. And, where we would have worn a band tee and a MySpace fringe she had on a cashmere jumper in a warm oatmeal colour (very on trend, right now) and a soft balayage bonnet.Curiously, this might be the most convincing way to winter-proof your summer wardrobe. Editors talk of adding roll necks to wrap dresses and wearing leggings under maxi skirts, but this has more practical potential. That is if you like shorts enough.A lot has changed in the past eight years - cough Brexit, cough, #MeToo - but happy to see Chung’s taste in winter shorts remains the same.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...New York, London and Milan are mere practice runs for Paris Fashion Week’s street style. Typically, the City of Lights has not just the biggest budget runways, the most top models and world-renowned front row-ers but also the most head-turning attendees.Invigorated by the colours and shapes of the catwalk, these women are not shy to debut the newest clothes. A full Chanel look? Sure. A riot of Gucci ruffles first thing on a Monday morning? Why the heck not? Fired up by four consecutive weeks of globe-jumping fashion the outfits are getting more outré, more extravagant and more camera-savvy.Yet, for some, this is still work and that means a certain (less sexy) practicality takes over. Weirdly, these are the looks we’ve been screenshotting and sharing. If you see me in the office next week wearing a jumpsuit and belt bag, you’ll know who I’ve been copyingCredit: Shutterstockparis fashion week street style ss192of23© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Another day, another instance when a Trump adds fuel to the fire. For once, it’s not Donald or Ivanka, but Melania. As the First Lady set off on a five-day, four-country tour of Africa (or at least a small segment of the continent) we predicted forthcoming wincing and incendiary moments - would she take a break to go game shooting? Would she offend a whole nation with one pair of shoes? anything was possible - but we didn’t expect her to kick off her trip by weighing in on one of fashion’s most heated conversations.On Friday night, Hedi Slimane debuted his first collection at Celine (note the lack of acute) and in doing so obliterated everything the former designer Phoebe Philo stood for. Out went her female gaze, in came his, complete with ultra slim models and micro dresses. The result? Legions of influencers and editors pledged their allegiance to ‘old’ Céline, mostly with Instagram posts of themselves in #oldceline. Going one better than a cursory selfie, the FLOTUS boarded Executive One in a striped Céline shirtdress from Philo’s final collection. Coincidence, we think not.Melania’s sartorial choices have always been fodder for hot debate. There was the unforgettable time she told a child detention centre ‘I Really Don’t Care, Do U?’ with a Zara slogan jacket. And, of course, there was the incident when she wore expensive stilettos to go to a crisis zone. For as long as she’s been in the centre of a paparazzi storm her clothing has been a barometer of her stance and opinions, but this may be the first time it’s been really political.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like every season, there are the big, brash trends and then the subtler, sleeper hits. While every shop is exploding with animal print and cowboy boots, I’ve noticed a surge in 70s re-appreciation.Personally, I don’t have much time for skirts - cold legs and tights just don’t do it for me - and drainpipe jeans make me shudder, which might explain why Mila Kunis in That ’70s Show really resonates with me. Yes, she was only 14 when she got the role, but watching reruns one Sunday I realized just how much momentum her look has for this winter.It started with flares that jutted out at the knee, much like Paige’s, then I found myself shopping for prairie dress, like those from Coach, and then I realized I was dressing just like Jackie Burkhart (Kunis). With her Farah Fawcett waves and Ashton Kutcher on her arm, the obsession explains itself.Fast forward to October and brown is growing in relevance. Signifying quiet luxury and exotic beaches, its many iterations from coffee to sand, are coincidently very seventies. Add in the many Simone Rocha esque hair clips and the Halpern-lite lurex that made up a significant portion of Jackie’s wardrobe and the fixation is crystallized.As I don’t want to look like I’m a month early for Halloween, I decided to challenge myself. Could I do Jackie Burkhart in 2018? Could I translate her puffa jackets and flares into something a Chloe girl might wear or would I end up looking like a TV extra? Keep scrolling to see how I get on…Credit: That 70s ShowCredit: That 70s ShowCredit: That 70s ShowCredit: That 70s ShowCredit: That 70s ShowCredit: That 70s ShowCredit: That 70s ShowCredit: That 70s Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I believe it was Carrie Bradshaw who said, ‘You can never have too many pairs of shoes’, but to be honest, it just as easily could have been me. With a cupboard piled high with trainers, mules and pumps, it’s a wonder I still believe I have nothing to wear (on my feet). However, it’s probably because there are only four footwear trends leading this season’s conversation and I don’t own any of them.Since Gucci’s rise to prominence its iconic loafer has enjoyed a comfortable level of relevance, but this season it steps up a notch as ultra-femme fashion moves into the spotlight. As the natural counterpart to girlish dresses, a chunky masculine slip-on will ground the most flouncy and frilly of frippery.On the outré end of the spectrum, the trend for bows kicks off. Whether draped over the toe of a boot or cinching the ankle, the humble, oft floppy, bow is the most excellent of embellishments this coming party season.Following from this is the zaniest of concepts: faux-real skins. As fake fur coats now (courtesy of Shrimps and Gucci) are painted every colour of the rainbow, so is our mock croc and shame snakeskin shoes. We’re eyeing up a pair in pink, but if subtly is more your bag then look to the coveted shades of chocolate and coffee that have found prominence this season.After Jacquemus introduced the world to wonky heels it’s really caught on. The more sculptural, the better. Conical and spherical kitten heels make an interesting addition to everyday items like jeans, while taller more architectural designs off-set the midi skirts that are making waves this season.Scroll on to see the shoes I’m currently obsessing over..© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We spend nine hours a day, five days a week at work. That’s far more time than we spend at weddings, brunches and the gym combined, but yet we spend so much more on dressing for these occasions. Does that not strike you as odd? Our on-duty wardrobe may be the most boring thing about our personal style, and yet with so much time taken up by it we really should dedicate more time to it, don’t you think?As someone who finds it difficult to know how to strike the right professional note with my 9-to-5 wardrobe, I’ve come to rely on Instagram to give me the right sartorial steer. Luckily, suits and blazers are in this season and all my favourite influencers have slickly integrated them into their repertoire. So, if like me you can dress for dinner with a minute’s notice but spend an hour trying on office ensembles, I highly recommend you scroll on...Credit: Instagram/@lindatol_workwear october2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though Zara has just launched a maternity range, the market for expectant mother’s is remarkably underserved. Enter: Bianca Balti.Best known as the mother-to-be who sashayed down Dolce & Gabbana’s AW15 runway (years before Slick Woods did the same for Rihanna’s Fenty show), Balti is once again making room in the fashion conversation for pregnant women. With a new eponymous collection, which launched this week, she’s redefining the rules for mums-to-be. To give you a starting reference, her designs look like share the same moldboard as ALEXACHUNG. There’s babydoll dresses and cropped tweed jackets with sweet little bloomers. It’s Bridgette Bardot sexiness next to Jane Birkin effortlessness.If we didn’t know better we’d say it was the wardrobe of a pregnant 1960s starlet. And, we wouldn’t be too far off as each piece is made by headstock fabric. Not only is it a sustainable way to save textiles from landfall, but plays dividends in underlining Balti’s vintage inspirations.The launch collection zeroes in on the dress, for very logical reasons. As one of the few parts of a pregnant women’s body to not drastically change, she plays with the shift shapes of the mid-century. There’s a velvet dress with a stark white collar and jewel buttons as well as a stiff knit tunic that comes with bloomers so that mums-to-be can move freely without being afraid of bending over.‘[F]or the last 11 years, since my first pregnancy, I have dreamt of creating beautifully tailored maternity clothes’, she explains on the website, adding, ‘I have finally won over the fear of starting a business to achieve my dream. Using the inspiration from my childhood and teenage years, the taste defined by my 14 years of modelling, the experience of being a two-time mother, and the courage in the resourceful and independent woman that I am today, I have committed myself to create these fun, fashionable, luxurious and sustainable dresses devoted to the best 9 months in a woman’s life.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The 2019 Fashion Awards are in full swing tonight, December 2, and as you...Celebrity | 14 hours agoThe who’s who of fashion descended on the Royal Albert Hall on Monday evening...Fashion | 10 hours agoWhen the behemoth of luxury LVMH announced that it would be collaborating with...Fashion | 10 hours agoNever before has fashion's place in the world felt so unsure. The...Fashion | 8 hours agoPromoted by Palones | A DAY AGOCelebrity | 10 hours agoFashion | 11 hours agoFashion | 11 hours agoFashion | 13 hours agoLife | 15 hours agoBeauty & Hair | 15 hours agoCelebrity | 15 hours agoCelebrity | 16 hours agoFashion | 19 hours agoFashion | 19 hours agoFashion | 20 hours agoFashion | 2 days agoFashion | 2 days agoCelebrity | 16 hours agoCelebrity | 16 hours agoCelebrity | 17 hours agoCelebrity | 18 hours agoCelebrity | 19 hours agoCelebrity | a day agoCelebrity | 3 days agoCelebrity | 3 days agoBeauty & Hair | 2 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 6 days agoBeauty & Hair | 7 days agoBeauty & Hair | 7 days agoBeauty & Hair | 8 days agoLife | 17 hours agoLife | 20 hours agoLife | a day agoLife | a day agoLife | a day agoLife | 2 days agoLife | 3 days agoLife | 3 days ago© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This weekend, you can show your commitment to a truly #plasticfree lifestyle in a very 2018 way, with a political fashion statement. That’s right, as part of World Recycling Week, French Connection have partnered with Plastic Oceans Foundation to release a range of FCUK PLASTIC t-shirts.A nod to their iconic 90’s campaign, the FCUK PLASTIC T-shirts come in both Women’s and Unisex styles, both white with the slogan ‘FCUK PLASTIC’ sewn onto the front. Priced at £30 each, French Connection is donating 20% of the sale price from each T-shirt sale to Plastic Oceans Foundation, the UK’s first plastic pollution charity.Made entirely from cotton, the brand side-stepped using plastic at every process of the T-shirt construction. With 100% cotton thread and 100% cotton care label, the t-shirt was even dyed using a plastic free pigment. The card swing tags were attached using natural cotton string and each t-shirt will be packaged in a paper bag.The unisex t-shirt features FCUK PLASTIC printed in the brand's Iconic FCUK fontThe women's t-shirt is boyfit and features FCUK PLASTIC sewn onto the front with hand-cut patch.In partnering with Plastic Oceans Foundation, the T-shirt sales will help fund the endless efforts the charity faces in tackling plastic pollution. Launched in 2009 by Jo Ruxton and Sonjia Norman, the charity released Netflix documentary A Plastic Ocean back in 2016 to rave reviews.The heartbreaking documentary followed journalist Craig Leeson as he discovered the alarming truth about plastic pollution, with 5 trillion tons of plastic estimated to be floating in our oceans, and detailing solutions we can implement immediately.Following the film’s release, the foundation began education workshops for schools to integrate in their curriculums and sustainability programmes to reduce single use plastic and change overall behaviours by valuing plastic higher. Also funding scientific research into understand plastic pollution and how to solve it, in turn informing policies for the Government to implement, the charity hopes to continue these efforts with the new French Connection campaign.It’s with this in mind that political fashion becomes more than just an Instagram tool to show that you’re #woke. When your funding charities that actually tackle the problem, you can rest assured that your style statement is more than just a shallow nod to important causes. Supporting a campaign encourages more brands to do so, and hopefully inspires greater percentages of profits to be handed over to the charities in need.If you want to make this weekend’s payday purchase a political one, the t-shirts are in stores now and available online here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tall, toned, goddess-like models strode down Off-White’s runway. And, no we’re not talking about Bella Hadid or Kaia Gerber, though they were there too. At the label’s runway show in Paris, a new coterie of models were initiated into fashion week. They weren't 16-years-old and Instragram famous, nor were they musicians crossing over into fashion, but medal-winning athletes.The spring summer 2019 collection was aptly named ‘Track and Field’ and it was modeled by eight sportswomen. ‘This season, I was inspired by the voice of the athlete and the power of sport to impact positive and transformative change globally’, designer Virgil Abloh tells of his casting of British sprinter Dina Asher-Smith, Olympic jumper Vashti Cunningham, high-jumper Cecilia Yeung, American track and field sprinter English Gardner, heptathletes Katarina Johnson-Thompson and Nafissatou Thiam, gold medalist Catherine Ibarguen and runner Rénelle Lamote.See: The Off-White's SS19 Collection2of44Who is the most important person in fashion right now? Anna Wintour, possibly. Karl Lagerfeld, perhaps. Or is it Virgil Abloh? Kanye West’s collaborated, Louis Vuitton’s menswear director and Off-White’s founder? This American designer is directing the intersection between high fashion, streetwear and music and now he’s bringing the sports world into his fold.After collaborating with Serena Williams on that tutu tennis dress and designing one of Nike’s most buzzed-about sneaker collaborations, this is just another step towards Abloh’s merging of the fashion and sports universes.As the designer said, 'Sport, like fashion, shares a common language that seeks to unite cultures, break down barriers and celebrate the power of the human spirit'.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve reached that part of the year when technically it’s autumn, but it’s so cold it’s hard to gauge. You’d be hard pressed to find anyone who hasn’t swapped bare legs for tights and denim jackets for a coat, and yet I’m steadfastly still wearing the loose cotton-y layers of summer. It’s time to start stocking up for the cold-weather. Zara, mind, is making it a little too easy.There are knits and boots as well as midi skirts and coats that will tick the boxes of all the season’s coming events. With dresses that reference Ganni and flats that look like something Alexa Chung would approve of, the collection is on beat for winter. Everything is interchangeable - a silky slip dress can be layered over leather trousers or under a sequined jumper while a utility belt that chinches a suit can be swung over the shoulder of a nutty sweater. On the topic of that jumper, it’s warm caramel tones and taps into the sizzling trend for all things brown. More luxurious than black and less showy than white, this colour has been rediscovered for winter. In chocolatey shades, it’s quite seventies, while at the sandy end of the spectrum it encapsulates the minimalism of Phoebe Philo’s Celine (RIP). The explosion of animal prints for autumn jumps on to this tonal trend. Segway between the two hot topics with a leopard print dress and two boots or a pair of cowboy boots and a trench. However you want to play it, Zara has all the optionszara aw182of27© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...On the 13th December 2011. a hush spread around Christie's as seven world auction records were broken in one evening with the sale of Elizabeth Taylor’s most prized jewellery collection. Raising over £74million in mere hours, it was a testament to the extraordinary eye of one Hollywood’s most extraordinary actresses and humanitarians. Intriguingly, but unsurprisingly to anyone who has read even the smallest amount about Taylor, a substantial number of the most valuable sales were all designed by Bvlgari.This month, Moscow’s Kremlin Museum is hosting one of the largest retrospectives of Bvlgari. With over 500 pieces in the collection, stretching from the early days to contemporary works of the 130-year-old Roman brand, it’s set to be the first of its kind. For fans of old world Hollywood, this is a chance to see Taylor’s mesmerizing collection up close. ‘She was such a close friend of the brand until the very last years of her life’, explains Lucia Boscaini, Bvlgari Brand and Heritage Curator.Throughout the 1940s Taylor cultivated not only a world-class jewellery collection but her celebrity, starring in films like Jane Eyre and capturing the Western world’s attention – when Time magazine put her on its cover they called her ‘a jewel of great price, a true sapphire’. In 1963 when Cleopatra began shooting in Roman, Boscaini notes she was within touching distance of Bvlgari, a brand she was already well aware of courtesy of a gift by her fourth husband, Eddie Fisher. It was on this set she met her next partner, Richard Burton. As they fell in love, Boscani reveals Taylor fell just as deeply for the Blvgari, aided and abetted by the Roman store’s private meeting room.Credit: BvlgariElizabeth Taylor's Magnificent Bvlgari Jewellery Collection2of8‘She spent more than two years in Rome and constantly visited the Bvlgari Via Condotti shop, not as a store, but as a place to meet friends privately. She used to enter from a secondary entrance, a sort of secret entrance, to avoid paparazzi and the crowd', Boscani tells, 'there was an area of the store where they had a very comfortable sofa and that was their private place, where they could hide from the paparazzi and be intimate’.Naturally, to mark their marriage Burton chose a necklace of emeralds and diamonds, which was made from a Bvlgari broach that was one of the first gifts he ever gave the actress. It is this along with a 65-carat sapphire and other staggering mementoes from directors and lovers that are on view in Moscow. Of the 500 jewels on display, Taylor’s may be one of the rarest but it’s not alone as the exhibition includes work owned by Sophia Loren, Audrey Hepburn, Ingrid Bergman and Monica Vitti.Boscani adds, ‘This is the largest exhibition ever aired of Bvlgari and we are very, proud to have it in The Kremlin, which is t one of the most famous museums in the world, but it also has one of the most renowned and permanent collection’s of jewellery.’BVLGARI. Tribute to Femininity7 September 2018 – 13 January 201© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Marks & Spencer today announced the launch of their collaboration with Holly Willoughby and pieces have sold out in record time.Holly has joined Marks as a Brand Ambassador and kickstarted the campaign with a curation of her Must-Have pieces from their Autumn 2018 collection which launched on Thursday.The full range is available to buy online and in selected stores - but the seasoned shoppers amongst you may want to shop fast as, unsurprisingly, it is SELLING. OUT. IN. RECORD. TIME.(Apologies, we’re overcome with excitement / shopping-based sweats).And the best sellers thus far? The leopard print dress and pink coat. But panic not, @marksandspencer’s Customer Service team (hello Chris) says the items are being restocked, stat. And by Monday in the majority of cases.Product codes are: T42/9509 (dress) and T49/1675 (coat) - if that helps speed up your shop.Holly’s 20-piece edit helps celebrate Marks & Spencers AW18 Must-Have campaign which aims to celebrate the style essentials every woman needs in her autumn wardrobe.Jill McDonald at M&S says: ‘Holly’s approach to fashion really resonates with our customers and we look forward to sharing her Must-Have pieces for Autumn and the seasons ahead’.But it’s that ol’ Willoughby magic that must have really excited M&S, as Holly has only further cemented her style influencer status over recent months – with her wardrobe choices resulting in significant sales spikes for fashion brands.Holly Willoughby’s style appeal lead to her charting her daily outfits on her Instagram using the #hwstyle with legions of fans clambering to shop her style.Her ability to drive purchase is what likely sparked the idea behind Holly’s highly anticipated lifestyle brand, Truly, that was due to launch this October. However, the star shocked fans when she took to Instagram on Tuesday to announce that she will no longer be involved due to work / family commitments.Fast forward 24 hours and she’s setting the internet alight with the hugely successful M&S edit.Holly has previously said of the collaboration: ‘I have grown up with and have always loved M&S, so when they asked me to be a Brand Ambassador, of course I said yes! I have really enjoyed picking my Must-Haves for Autumn, for me, confidence and great fit are key when it comes to style; I really hope I can inspire people to be brave and have a little bit more fun with their wardrobe’.The Look? M&S calls it: 'Classic tailoring softening by a palette of pinks from soft blush to vibrant raspberry' Think plenty of separates that compliment one another - aka endless outfit choices.'‘It is important to have key pieces in your wardrobe that you can build on too; so my Autumn Must-Haves also include a great cream blouse, a checked boyfriend blazer and ankle boots, they literally go with everything, and are a really chic way to soften a statement look’, says Holly.And her top picks? ‘The city coat and the leopard print dress, which feel really fun and vibrant.’Both of which just so happen to be the two items driving her fashion followers wild on social media.All this mayhem comes at the start of a new season - a time when even the most sensible shopper can hardly resist the lure of a wardrobe update, or five.Whichever way you look at it, Holly Willoughby’s new season edit was a HUGE success.(And a genius move by M&S)The Pink Wool Blend Coat that's driving the internet wild. M&S £69Holly Willoughby's M&S edit. 22 Buys, Endless Outfit Choices.2of9The Pink Wool Blend Coat that's driving the internet wild. M&S £69And The Dress that's also driving people wild. Accidental pun. M&S£49.50Faux Leather Bag, £39.50 Holly's Must-Have M&S Collection Cable Knit, £35 Holly's Must-Have M&S Collection Check Long Sleeve Blazer, £69 Holly's Must-Have M&S Collection Trainers: Holly's Must-Have M&S Collection £49.50Short Sleeve Tee Shirt, £15 Holly's Must-Have M&S Collection High Waist Skinny Jeans, £19.50 Holly's Must-Have M&S Collection PLUS: Holly Willoughby shares her everyday style adviceHolly Willoughby quits job to spend more time with family© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jacket potatoes. Falling leaves. Hot chocolate. Psychopathic assassin Villanelle off of BBC hit series Killing Eve...Nothing sums up Autumn 2018 quite so perfectly, so what better time for Primark to release a new premium (Pri-mium!?) pair of pyjamas to take our evenings in from strong, to the stuff of dreams.So far, so nightwear appropriate.Yet the new range of Primark Cares PJs are more than just jim jams. Each set is made with cotton grown by famers who’ve been trained in sustainable farming methods, by agricultural experts CottonConnect. In a nutshell it means farmers use less water and more natural methods to grow the cotton, which in turn is better for the environment. Primark say of the launch: ‘It is all part of a long-term ambition to make sure that all the cotton they use is sustainably sourced.’ITV Loose Woman and celebrity mum Stacey Soloman is one of a handful of influencers fronting the campaign.The nights are drawing in but, truth be told, Primark had us at PJs.Just add your new cult TV viewing (Killing Eve/The Cry/Women on the Verge/The Letdown/The Bodyguard/GBBO – delete as appropriate) as standard.Primark Cares PJsPrimark Pyjamas 2of5Primark Cares PJsPrimark Cares PJsPrimark Cares PJsPrimark Cares PJsPrimark Cares PJs© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Strictly Come Dancing's costume designer (what a job) Vicky Gill has revealed something really weird about the outfits the men wear, and we don't quite know what to make of it.The main reason we tune in each week (aside from all the dancing et al) is to see all the beautiful designs Gill has come up with that week, and this revelation has made us see the outfits in an entirely different light.Speaking to Scott Mills on the series' official podcast, she revealed that the shirts and trousers the men wear on the show are usually sowed together - meaning they've unbeknownst to us been sporting one-pieces week on week.She said: "Well on shirts and things like that we're always putting them onto pants so you step into a onesie which is always a bit of a surprise.And Mills, who appeared on the show himself in 2014, added: "See I just didn't realise that they are really smart trousers, and a very smart shirt but you step into the trousers and pull the shirt around you like a onesie."Gill went on to discuss the biggest wardrobe malfunctions that have occurred over the past 14 years of the show, revealing that mishaps often go unnoticed by viewers."There's things like - I mean I shouldn’t really reveal things but you know, people have been on live with pins still in the hem and things like that, and then we've clocked it you know and the eyes go wild and you think 'oh my goodness there is pins in that person's hem.'"Gill added: "You know there is little things along the way like that, that are happening constantly and on average there will be one person a week that maybe isn't feeling their costume or you know there's just a bit of an issue, but by the time we get to live on Saturday night we will have found a solution."Strictly Come Dancing continues this Saturday at 6:30.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you haven't already binge watched BBC utterly addictive Killing Eve's two seasons, what on earth have you been doing with yourself?It's not just the tantalizing screenplay that has progressively hooked the nation onto Killing Eve: we were all fascinated by the sartorial choices of its lead character. Villanelle (brilliantly played by Jodie Comer), an impeccably dressed assassin who is curiously charmed and chased by an FBI agent called Eve (Sandra Oh).Across it's two series, That star assassin has shot to style icon status. For it’s not often that serial killers are anointed with such an honour, thankfully.Based on a series of novels by British author Luke Jennings, and has been brought to life by television's sharpest pen - Phoebe Waller-Bridge of Fleabag fame, Killing Eve tells the story of Villanelle, a ruthless but beautiful femme fatale who captures the attention of an MI5 security office. Eve – played by the legendary Canadian actress Sandra Oh - in Grazia’s opinion, rocks a wax jacket brilliantly and is far more suitably dressed for the Great British climate. But we digress…For it is Villanelle’s style that seems to have captured the imagination of the public, with Twitter awash with fans hankering to shop the villainous Villanelle’s designer style. Grazia was lucky enough to get the lowdown from the Costume Designer, Charlotte Mitchell who came on board for season two of the show to develop Villanelle's second generation of looks.‘Everybody wanted to push it further,’ she tells Grazia. ‘Every look had to be different – Villanelle never wears the same thing twice. So I was constantly coming up with a new style for her.'See below for Villanelle's best looks from season two...Wearing a Burberry lace maxi dress, worth £4000Get The Look: Killing Eve's Villanelle1of10Wearing a Burberry trench coat, £1,450Get the look for less: Zara £69.99Get the look: H&M £50Wearing a Burberry lace maxi dress, worth £4000Get the look for less: Ganni @ Selfridges £300... or even less: Red Herring @ Debenhams £22.50Get the look: Vero Moda £19Get the look: Dr Martens at ASOS £125If you still can't get enough of Villanelle's style (of course you can't) we’ve gone one better and found a selection of high street copycat styles, so you can shop Villanelle’s look for less:'Villanelle is in a "love bubble" – she's in Amsterdam and is writing love letters to Eve. I found a Rosie Assoulin shirt and tied it in a way that it isn't usually worn to give it a '50s feel and took it slightly off the shoulder to give it a wide neck. I wanted to give that openness to her face, so she's not scared to show her collarbone and she's open to things. Her pink Kafka ballgown skirt is from William Vintage – it's out of context for daytime, but it's totally what Villanelle would do. She picks clothes to provoke a reaction. The Christian Lacroix vintage earrings are also in contrast to a day scene. Pink plays quite heavily in that moment – she stands out in her love bubble. It's very romantic'.Killing Eve Season Two Looks - Grazia (Slider)1of4'Villanelle is in a "love bubble" – she's in Amsterdam and is writing love letters to Eve. I found a Rosie Assoulin shirt and tied it in a way that it isn't usually worn to give it a '50s feel and took it slightly off the shoulder to give it a wide neck. I wanted to give that openness to her face, so she's not scared to show her collarbone and she's open to things. Her pink Kafka ballgown skirt is from William Vintage – it's out of context for daytime, but it's totally what Villanelle would do. She picks clothes to provoke a reaction. The Christian Lacroix vintage earrings are also in contrast to a day scene. Pink plays quite heavily in that moment – she stands out in her love bubble. It's very romantic'.Villanelle's in dress- up mode. She plays characters when she wants to kill,' says Charlotte. 'When Villanelle wears a wig, you know she's not playing herself. In light of this, we wanted a look which was more boho than Villanelle would be. I found this incredible raspberry pink fur coat from Armani. It's a bit too rock'n'roll for Villanelle, but right for the character she is playing. She wouldn't usually wear a bright pink oversized fur coat.''Another dress-up moment – this is Villanelle going off to do her job as an undercover assassin. The suit is from Marks & Spencer because she is playing a character again. Whenever she assumes a different character, it's always her take on what things are. They will always have a dark sense of humour behind them.''Series Two starts 30 seconds after the end of series one, so Villanelle's been stabbed and she's bloody. We needed to find her a way of changing clothes and what she finds are these child's pyjamas. It's quite fun that the only thing she can find are these very tight PJs, which are too short for her. They've got comic strips all over them – so the motif is ludicrous. It was great fun that outfit. It's really strong because of the colour we chose.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After a summer so steaming and steadily hot my ‘holiday’ wardrobe became the norm, winter’s sudden return has caught me by surprise. It feels like autumn came and went in the space of a weekend, and now we’re in full-on, gloves-mandatory winter and I’ve come to the sudden realization I don’t have an appropriate coat.God bless fashion, it’s the only thing that makes the return of this long cold slog exciting. Snuggly sweaters and woolly tights, come at me. At the core of my dream capsule winter wardrobe is a coat, but which one? I want it to look expensive, but not be bankrupting. I want it to be relevant for more than a year, yet resistant to flash in the pan trends. I want it to pull together outfits, but not outshine what’s underneath. Luckily, the growth of the mid-price market has made these far-reaching goals possible.Having spent the best part of yesterday scouring the internet, I can tell you there are only four coat trends to pay attention to. The most elegant? The trench. Beige use to be considered boring but now buttermilk and caramel have become a by-word for stealth wealth and what better way to spell out the message with the heritage silhouette of a mac. The savviest? Faux fur. I can’t think of a winter in the last decade when a fur coat hasn’t been on the agenda. It’s gone from Penny Lane to Shrimps and now it’s enjoying a certain comfort as a perennially relevant piece. The wildest? Animal print. The call of the wild has echoed around every aspect of fashion this season, from shoes to bags to coats it’s almost impossible to escape the appeal of leopard, tiger and zebra patterns. The aspirational? Check. Whether channelling the Queen’s personal tartan or the allure of the outdoors with a woodsman plaid, this one is high on our wishlist.Keep reading to see the coats that I’m adding to basket...AW18 coats2of17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion isn’t traditionally known for its inclusivity, in fact, it venerates elitism (see: fashion week tickets). But, the tide is very slowly turning. And, it’s Ashley Graham who is causing these waves.After the success of her Swimsuits for All collection and collaboration with Marina Rinaldi, the model is bringing size-inclusion to the high street by teaming up with PrettyLittleThing. As PLT announced Love Island's Meghan Barton-Hanson as their newest UK brand ambassador the label launched Graham’s salacious collection.Ashley Graham X PrettyLittleThing Collection2of4Teaming with leopard print and curve-skimming satin, the hedonistic range taps into this seasons trends while simultaneously championing size parity. ‘I have to say I am so excited about this collaboration with PrettyLittleThing because it is size inclusive and it is so sexy’, explains Graham. ‘It will take you girls effortlessly from day to night and this has been such an amazing experience curing a range for ALL women!’Starting at a UK size 8 and capping off at a 28, the collection is designed to cater to all, not just the plus community. ‘Ashley embodies female empowerment and has worked exceptionally hard with our design team on curating a Fall collection suitable for all body types. At PLT we want to encourage confidence through fashion for all women’, explains Umar Kamani, CEO of PrettyLittleThing, before adding, ‘We want everybody to feel amazing in Ashley’s range and be body confident’.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are a handful of things Simon Porte Jacquemus’ label is known for: belly grazing scoop necks, tiny little lipstick-sized bags and ginormo straw hats. At his eponymous brand’s spring summer 2019 Paris Fashion Week show yesterday, he added one more thing to that list: gargantuan beach bags. With fringing and shoulder straps, these fringed bags were so big they fell from waist to ankle, throwing shadow over the models in their labia-skimming swimsuits and micro dresses.Jacquemus’ isn’t the only to go full Alice in Wonderland on accessories. Over New York and Milan Fashion Week Victoria Beckham, Proenza Schouler and Jil Sander also presented supersized totes for spring. Lolling open or hugged under the crook of an arm, they all had one thing in common: XXXL proportions. This might be the most practical trend to trip down the catwalks since the return of the bum bag. Can I get a 'hallelujah'? Finally, we can leave the satellite bag at home as these capacious pouches are plenty big enough to stow away everything from your keys and gym kit to your kitchen sink.Credit: ShutterstockMonica Bellucci led the spectacular all-woman cast at Dolce & Gabbana where designers, Domenico and Stefano, let rip on their house codes. Proving, as ever, that every woman can wear Dolce. And smile! Credit: ShutterstockMarni brought DIY realness to Milan with raw seams, hand-painted sploshes, scattered gem stones and recycled charms - a crazily chic twist on 1950s Italian Riviera shapes. Credit: ShutterstockThe floral trend exploded on the Versace runway - probably the last place you'd expect to find delicate blooms. But Donatella's slinky layers of colour-clashing, pattern-mashing prints could not have looked more empowering - especially on original 1990s Super, Shalom Harlow. Imagine your worst nightmare as a designer - you turn up to the show with only sketches - no clothes! Cue Jeremy Scott's frantic pen scribble prints on 1980s silhouettes. The City short is looking strong in Milan this season. Especially at Tod's where butter soft leathers met the brown trend head on. Let's call this tone chestnut? Held in an airport hangar at Linate airport, the Emporio Armani show was on an epic scale. Think fifty shades of beige highlighted with zaps of neon. 'I wanted to break the rules of classic,' said Miuccia Prada backstage. This dress was her favourite look from a youthquake collection that put the 1960s back in the conversation and will keep the Prada faithfuls very happy. Credit: ShutterstockWho owns the big brown trend this season? Maxmara that's who. Also new trends to watch -rubber raincoats and skinny trousers under everything. Credit: ShutterstockThe power of simple rules at Jil Sander with big knits and slouchy pants. Proof that the understated and oversized trend isn't going away. Credit: ShutterstockAlberta Ferretti nailing the new season trends with crochet and cargo pants, lemon and lacy camisoles. Plus the XXXL bag lives on!Credit: ShutterstockCycling shorts and tool belts? They shouldn't work but they do. Your next season styling tip at Fendi 's knockout show.Credit: ShutterstockAll the Armani-isms: Fifty shades of grey, blue and a pop of pink with liquid shine fabrics that gave a fluid underwater feel to even the most classic of suits. milan fashion week ss192of12Monica Bellucci led the spectacular all-woman cast at Dolce & Gabbana where designers, Domenico and Stefano, let rip on their house codes. Proving, as ever, that every woman can wear Dolce. And smile! Marni brought DIY realness to Milan with raw seams, hand-painted sploshes, scattered gem stones and recycled charms - a crazily chic twist on 1950s Italian Riviera shapes. The floral trend exploded on the Versace runway - probably the last place you'd expect to find delicate blooms. But Donatella's slinky layers of colour-clashing, pattern-mashing prints could not have looked more empowering - especially on original 1990s Super, Shalom Harlow. Imagine your worst nightmare as a designer - you turn up to the show with only sketches - no clothes! Cue Jeremy Scott's frantic pen scribble prints on 1980s silhouettes. The City short is looking strong in Milan this season. Especially at Tod's where butter soft leathers met the brown trend head on. Let's call this tone chestnut? Held in an airport hangar at Linate airport, the Emporio Armani show was on an epic scale. Think fifty shades of beige highlighted with zaps of neon. 'I wanted to break the rules of classic,' said Miuccia Prada backstage. This dress was her favourite look from a youthquake collection that put the 1960s back in the conversation and will keep the Prada faithfuls very happy. Who owns the big brown trend this season? Maxmara that's who. Also new trends to watch -rubber raincoats and skinny trousers under everything. The power of simple rules at Jil Sander with big knits and slouchy pants. Proof that the understated and oversized trend isn't going away. Alberta Ferretti nailing the new season trends with crochet and cargo pants, lemon and lacy camisoles. Plus the XXXL bag lives on!Cycling shorts and tool belts? They shouldn't work but they do. Your next season styling tip at Fendi 's knockout show.All the Armani-isms: Fifty shades of grey, blue and a pop of pink with liquid shine fabrics that gave a fluid underwater feel to even the most classic of suits. Of course, when one item hits saturation point, like the micro bag, the fashion community naturally reestablish the most be neglected trend in its place. It happened with Birkenstocks and the revival of flip-flops and now the cigarette-sized bag is being usurped by the maligned colossal tote. One editor has been joking that the last time we lived through a big bag trend explosion women everywhere suffered wrist strain from the weight of their handbags. That aside, with this many people in the fashion scene giving these mammoth bags their seal of approval now is the time to invest to get the most wear out of this incoming trend. Just make sure you have adequate wrist support first.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What is Milan Fashion Week without Gucci? This is the question that’s on the lips of the fashion set as they descend on Italy to take in the spring summer 2019 shows. As what some might say is the highlight of the city’s seasonal showcase has hot-footed over to Paris this September, a window in the calendar has opened up. Though the schedule is packed with the established houses of Moncler, Prada, Etro, Pucci and Max Mara we’re hoping the breathing space that’s been left in the wake of Alessandro Michele taking his Gucci circus on the road will make space for smaller brands to break through the noise. Here's everything you need to know from the Milan Fashion Week shows...Credit: ShutterstockMonica Bellucci led the spectacular all-woman cast at Dolce & Gabbana where designers, Domenico and Stefano, let rip on their house codes. Proving, as ever, that every woman can wear Dolce. And smile! Credit: ShutterstockMarni brought DIY realness to Milan with raw seams, hand-painted sploshes, scattered gem stones and recycled charms - a crazily chic twist on 1950s Italian Riviera shapes. Credit: ShutterstockThe floral trend exploded on the Versace runway - probably the last place you'd expect to find delicate blooms. But Donatella's slinky layers of colour-clashing, pattern-mashing prints could not have looked more empowering - especially on original 1990s Super, Shalom Harlow. Imagine your worst nightmare as a designer - you turn up to the show with only sketches - no clothes! Cue Jeremy Scott's frantic pen scribble prints on 1980s silhouettes. The City short is looking strong in Milan this season. Especially at Tod's where butter soft leathers met the brown trend head on. Let's call this tone chestnut? Held in an airport hangar at Linate airport, the Emporio Armani show was on an epic scale. Think fifty shades of beige highlighted with zaps of neon. 'I wanted to break the rules of classic,' said Miuccia Prada backstage. This dress was her favourite look from a youthquake collection that put the 1960s back in the conversation and will keep the Prada faithfuls very happy. Credit: ShutterstockWho owns the big brown trend this season? Maxmara that's who. Also new trends to watch -rubber raincoats and skinny trousers under everything. Credit: ShutterstockThe power of simple rules at Jil Sander with big knits and slouchy pants. Proof that the understated and oversized trend isn't going away. Credit: ShutterstockAlberta Ferretti nailing the new season trends with crochet and cargo pants, lemon and lacy camisoles. Plus the XXXL bag lives on!Credit: ShutterstockCycling shorts and tool belts? They shouldn't work but they do. Your next season styling tip at Fendi 's knockout show.Credit: ShutterstockAll the Armani-isms: Fifty shades of grey, blue and a pop of pink with liquid shine fabrics that gave a fluid underwater feel to even the most classic of suits. milan fashion week ss192of12Monica Bellucci led the spectacular all-woman cast at Dolce & Gabbana where designers, Domenico and Stefano, let rip on their house codes. Proving, as ever, that every woman can wear Dolce. And smile! Marni brought DIY realness to Milan with raw seams, hand-painted sploshes, scattered gem stones and recycled charms - a crazily chic twist on 1950s Italian Riviera shapes. The floral trend exploded on the Versace runway - probably the last place you'd expect to find delicate blooms. But Donatella's slinky layers of colour-clashing, pattern-mashing prints could not have looked more empowering - especially on original 1990s Super, Shalom Harlow. Imagine your worst nightmare as a designer - you turn up to the show with only sketches - no clothes! Cue Jeremy Scott's frantic pen scribble prints on 1980s silhouettes. The City short is looking strong in Milan this season. Especially at Tod's where butter soft leathers met the brown trend head on. Let's call this tone chestnut? Held in an airport hangar at Linate airport, the Emporio Armani show was on an epic scale. Think fifty shades of beige highlighted with zaps of neon. 'I wanted to break the rules of classic,' said Miuccia Prada backstage. This dress was her favourite look from a youthquake collection that put the 1960s back in the conversation and will keep the Prada faithfuls very happy. Who owns the big brown trend this season? Maxmara that's who. Also new trends to watch -rubber raincoats and skinny trousers under everything. The power of simple rules at Jil Sander with big knits and slouchy pants. Proof that the understated and oversized trend isn't going away. Alberta Ferretti nailing the new season trends with crochet and cargo pants, lemon and lacy camisoles. Plus the XXXL bag lives on!Cycling shorts and tool belts? They shouldn't work but they do. Your next season styling tip at Fendi 's knockout show.All the Armani-isms: Fifty shades of grey, blue and a pop of pink with liquid shine fabrics that gave a fluid underwater feel to even the most classic of suits. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s nothing quite like a top coat to fast-track you into autumn, particularly when it comes with an equally appealing price tag…Props to Primark then - who dropped their hero check style into store this week - and in doing so have created something of a fashion frenzy.Spotted wrapped around expert fashion editors, social media stars and professional clothes horses alike, the coat in question now boasts a weighty waiting list too – just to ramp up the drama further.At £30, it is ideal fashion fodder for anyone looking to dip their toe into autumn, but who can’t quite commit to splashing out on high-end, yet. Primark are calling it their ‘trans-seasonal style’ - which is just as well as it’ll have likely sold out come October.It's light-weight enough to worn layered over a sweater in the morning, then draped over your arm come lunchtime when we get the inevitable ‘s-winter’ sweats start) plus, the ¾ length works with: skirts / midi dresses / cropped trousers / long trousers / really ALL the clothes.But perhaps BEST of all, Primark's hero buy comes in a deliciously OTM colour palette - think merlot red, tan and chocolate - which means it’ll compliment approximately 93.1% ofallbuys currently available on the high street. IIt's fool-proof. Simply accessorise with new (of course) autumn boots, then add autumn leaves as standard.The jury may still be out over wearing tights in September - but if you’re looking to update your everyday wardrobe in one easy step? Go check, mate (sorry, we couldn’t not).© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are many wonderful things about September - it's leather jacket season, we can eat hot food without melting, and our duvet no longer moonlights as a rug.But we do have one complaint, and it's a dilemma that's racked the brains of even the most fashion-forward for decades. What do we wear on our feet?It's too cold for our summer sandals. And it's surely not time to dig out our knee high boots yet? Not when the weather has an unfortunate tendency to be mild in the morning, desert-like in the afternoon, and blistering gales in the evening on any given day.So what we need is a happy medium. And we have a very unexpected royal to thank for providing us with a shoe-shaped solution... Prince George.Off-white loafers like those from Papouelli (worn by Prince George of Cambridge on Saturday)   are everywhere right now. And they couldn't be more perfect for September / early October mild weather. George wore (read: was told to wear) pair of Papouellis to attend the wedding of Sophie Carter and Robert Snuggs in Norfolk last weekend. The newlyweds are close friends of George’s parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. George was pageboy on the day and likely slung on a decidedly edgy pair of loafers - because that is how HRH rolls. If you have similarly small feet and fancy shoehorning on a pair of the real deals you can shop the genuine royal version here.While for those of us with age five and upwards sized feet can shop a similar style here:Just tell and anyone and everyone that Prince George made you do it. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This time of year is all about newness. New season, new term, splendid new spring summer 19 fashion tripping down the catwalk. But, for most of us, after every weekend of frolicking fun, we find ourselves back at our desk, just as we left it at 6 pm on Friday. As the evenings draw closer and we spend more time watching boxsets (hello, Killing Eve) than day drinking Aperol, our wardrobe’s main muscle is being used to create inventive work ensembles. So here’s the thing, now is the moment to invest in a new roster of office outfits. The components can be switched in and out as you wish, but these 15 items will give you the lasting foundations to take on the dreary winter months.Blazers and pencil skirts have their place, but if you want a wildcard for autumn consider the boiler suit. Not only is it’s Instragam-ability reaching boiling point, but with the right cut it can hit the same note as tailoring. As the trend for modesty rolls on into next spring’s catwalks, a long dress, like that from Zara, makes a compelling case. Finally, if you feel compelled to wear denim to work, this season make sure it’s clean and dark - no holes or fraying.Here is how five influencers are styling out their winter workdrobes…Credit: Instagram/@bettinalooneyworkwear wk 24.09.182of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sometimes it feels like a day doesn’t pass without a new designer-high street collaboration. Don’t get us wrong, we’re all for affordable, well-designed fashion. But, thanks to the slew of limited edition drops happening across the shopping spectrum, we almost missed the latest instalment from Uniqlo U.Designed by Christophe Lemaire (who use to work at Hermes), the collection is a melting pot of quiet luxury. It has the craftsmanship of Lemaire’s Parisian atelier and the technological advancements of Uniqlo’s Tokyo HQ. The look? Future favourites, by which we mean easy-to-wear items that are a step above basics.The voluminous down jacket and the fleece cardigan is a personal favourite. But, don’t scroll past the knitwear either - a merino knitted shirt found it’s way into our basket - or the trousers where a pair of high rise straight leg jeans are hiding.uniqlo u2of12No wonder the collab has the tagline, ‘classics of tomorrow, designed for today.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every September, I have a small meltdown. It’s as reliable a feature of the early days of autumn as crisp winds, blackberries in hedgerows and gluts of women rediscovering the comfort of tights. While other people get excited at the prospect of unknotting all their black opaques, I like to embrace the new scholastic year with an academic research project. Also known as a crapload of shopping.But not just generalised shopping; a specific fashion fixation. Almost overnight, I become consumed with desire for one or two certain items. Maybe a hemline or a shape of sleeve, perhaps a certain print or new type of heel. Things that I’d have struggled to form an opinion on at all if you’d asked me a week ago, suddenly have me feverish, froth-mouthed, obsessed. I can't relax and enjoy my Sunday night TV and crumble until I have one. And not just one, but The One.Right now, for example, I’m fixated on finding the definitive leopard print midi dress (it is always some form of midi dress), and the ultimate white cowboy ankle boots (it is also, now I come to think of it, usually some kind of boot).The white cowboy boots I can blame on Ganni, who finally made wearable the trend that has been line dancing around since Calvin Klein brought it back in 2016, and whose black-soled Callie pair I’d be showing a great time if they weren’t £355. The leopard midi dress you can blame on every second woman who has walked past me on Oxford Street, looking like Chloe Sevigny going as Bet Lynch to a Corrie theme party.They’re not exactly niche buys. My desires are… conventional. ’Easy!’ you’re thinking. ‘I’ve seen them all over the place!’ Have you, though? I need specifics. Measurements. Geolocations. Don’t you dare just say ‘umm... Zara?’ or so help me God, I will cry.Because what should be a simple, new season mini-haul – browse, add to basket, continue with life – has turned into an all-consuming mission. I’m spending every spare minute scrolling, and searching, and scrolling, and debating lengths and waistlines and colourways and buying and trying on and sending back and it's more effort than I ever put into finding a boyfriend. People buy houses with less faff.And to make matters worse, my Google ads are conspiring to create a never-ending feedback loop of regret, luring me back in to fawn over dresses and boots I’ve already rejected, for reasons I’ve now forgotten. Like the TV character who gets halfway through a one night stand then realises she’s shagged them before, I’m doomed to keep clicking on the same satin leopard wrap dress before remembering it looks like Peter Stringfellow’s dressing gown.When it comes to the dress, I just want something casual, throw-it-on, daywear appropriate but a little bit swishy. It needs long sleeves, preferably statement sleeves, and either a low neck but not gaping, or a high neck but without overtones of novice nun. I don’t want clingy, but not marquee-vast either. I’d like pockets, obviously, but I’m not a complete fantasist.Meanwhile the boots just need to be ankle boots. Although ideally high ankle, not low ankle. Definitely not mid-calf – this is an important distinction. They need block heels high enough to give me a bit of authoritative stomp, but low enough to run for a bus in. And I want proper cowboy boot, not a wimpy effort… but nothing too authentic either, nothing that says, ‘my wedding photos have guns in them’. Is that so much to ask?It’s a fine line between fussy and fanatical. Is it better to patiently wait for the perfect dress and the ultimate boots, or should I just buy the first decent ones I can find that fit, and get some wear out of them before we’re all dead? What if I compromise and buy a not-quite-right dress, then find the ultimate one two weeks later? What then? What if I buy slightly-too-high boots for slightly too much and only wear them twice? These are my worries.Maybe you’re currently doing the same with a trench coat and a wrap skirt. Or the perfect pair of wide-leg cropped jeans and some superlative snaffle bit loafers. But then again, maybe you aren’t.Trends, we know, move at a merciless pace and this is probably no good for anyone. We could all do with slowing down and being a little more mindful when we shop, rather than racing up the high street grabbing clothes by the armload every time the wind changes. And yet I have a feeling that obsessing over every purchase like I’m trying to crack the enigma code probably isn’t the answer either.The solution, I think, is to ride out the new season trend obsession as though it were the flu. Lay low, wait for the fever to break, then medicate with sensible, healthy purchases like moisturiser, nail polish and new bras. Take stock of the things that are in your wardrobe (do I already have a pair of white ankle boots, and do I ever wear them? Would my leopard print coat over a floral midi achieve the same basic effect? Could a zebra scarf satisfy the craving?) and then after a week, when you’ve recovered and feeling more rational, you go to one nice department store (ONE), pick up a version from every concession, and try them on. Do it slowly. Take mirror selfies, and small sips of water. Consult a friend. Buy the one that fits the best, feels the nicest and won’t bankrupt you. Go home, and live your life.leopard white boots 2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hey Upper East Siders, Grazia here. Spotted at Prada’s spring summer 2019 show during Milan Fashion Week, a cluster of models looking unmistakedly like Blair Waldorf.From the headbands to the knee-high socks, Prada’s SS19 collection looks like it’s escaped from the Blair Waldorf’s wardrobe. The city shorts may be more to Serena van der Woodsen’s taste, but those babydoll dresses and pocketbooks are all Blair.Though Serena’s golden magnetism and the Waldorf’s savviness can’t be denied, it’s Blair’s wardrobe that was the real star of the show. It was a cultural juggernaut in its own right, she was the fashion plate, it was the conversation starter. The meticulous details and fearless pattern and colour clashes created their own story arcs. The fashion rules it broke were echoed in Muccia’s latest collection. Blair the schoolgirl wore a twisted take on a uniform, much like Prada’s models that wore (albeit sheer) shirts and pleated skirts with sheer high socks. The otherworldly dresses, dipped in tie-dye and dotted with beads, were ripe for one of Gossip Girl’s gala. Meanwhile, the heavenly prints that looked like they’d been ripped out of the 1960s echoed the meticulous Lily Pulitzer patterns the Upper East Side’s Queen B so often wore.Credit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockGossip Girl The Debrief2of5Only true Gossip Girl devotees will know the real and very meta reason the show crept into Muccia’s consciousness. The time? The late 2000s. The place? Lily van der Woodsen’s apartment. On the wall of the core location of many of the CW series key scenes hung a Prada sign, and not just any but a large stretched canvas promoting the brand’s Marfa art installation.It’s been over a decade since Gossip Girl first aired (I can’t believe it either!), which makes it natural fodder for Muccia Prada who brazenly enjoys a dose of nostalgia. Last season the Italian label dug through their own archives to reproduce popular prints for their AW18 collection. Then, in New York, just a few weeks ago, they hopped back on the nostalgia bus by reinstating their 90s Prada Linea Rossa sports line. Though this is the first time that the nostalgia bus has exited the brand's own archives, this is the type of journey we're definitely onboard with.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over five days 80 designers showed their spring summer 2019 collection as part of London Fashion Week. For anyone with even an obsessive interest in clothes and accessories, this is a lot to take in. To cut through the noise we asked three experts what the one thing they would buy from all the collections they saw were. These people represent the minds that dress, comment and stock this industry, they have a say in what we see and how it’s presented. So, listen up as this is what they personally think is worth investing in. Do they want Riccardo Tisci's first collection at Burberry or has a hot young thing from Fashion East caught their eye? Here's what our experts will be spending their money on...Credit: GettyBuying? A relative newcomer to the LFW schedule, Supriya LeLe's combat trousers top Petersson's wishlist. Why? 'Supriya LeLe is really having a moment and those pale yellow combat trousers are on the top of my list for SS19.'Credit: ShutterstockBuying? A Natasha Zinko suitWhy? The eye-catching pink suit and the equally brazen gender-neutral tartan suit from Natasha Zinko's collaboration with her son Ivan AKA Instagram superstar @thegoldenfly caught Collins' eye. Credit: ShutterstockBuying? A full ensemble from Richard Quinn.Why? 'Richard Quinn's brilliant SS19 collection was a modern take on eveningwear. I didn't know fringed trousers were what was missing from my wardrobe – but turns out they are!'What the experts are buying from New York Fashion Week,© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This afternoon, Meghan Markle (or the Duchess of Sussex, to give her official royal title) will attend a reception at Kensington Palace to mark the release of Together, the community cookbook helping families affected by the Grenfell Tower fire. Naturally, given the fervor with which each and every one of her outfits is received, details of what the Duchess is wearing are already circulating online, noting her coat by Smythe, her skirt by close friend Misha Nonoo and her top, a $110 style by Tuxe.If that latter label sounds familiar, that’s because the Duchess has in fact worn it for another, pre-wedding, royal occasion. Back in February, when she attended the annual Endeavour Fund Awards, a celebration of the achievements of wounded service men and women (which also marked her first official evening engagement as part of the royal family), she paired a white blouse from the label with a sharp black suit by Alexander McQueen in grain de poudre wool.There was, however, more to the look than we’d initially realised: the white pussy-bow style was in fact not a run-of-the-mill blouse but a bodysuit from the under-the-radar US label, which is favoured for its simple shapes and clean lines. Given that Tuxe actually only sell bodysuits, we can assume that the top Meghan is wearing today (which appears to be roll neck in style) is one, too.So when did the future Duke and Duchess of Sussex meet? Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were introduced by a mutual friend in July 2016, originally thought to be Markus Anderson (also the director of Soho house) but who was later confirmed to be Violet von Westenholz. Meghan said in an interview that before she met the Harry she didn't know much about him 'the only thing that I had asked [our mutual friend] was, 'Well is he nice?'. According to Harry he knew Meghan was The One from 'the very first time we met.' after only two dates Harry asked Meghan to accompany him on a trip to Botswana.In October 2016 that the Express became the first newspaper to publish news that Prince Harry had a new girlfriend. However just a month later, Kensington Palace released a statement condemning the 'wave of abuse and harassment' faced by Meghan. The unprecedented statement, which referred to Meghan as Harry's girlfriend for the first time, emphasized that Prince Harry was 'worried about Ms. Markle's safety and is deeply disappointed that he has not been able to protect her.' It continued 'It is not right that a few months into a relationship with him that Ms. Markle should be subjected to such a storm.' The palace were also forced to address speculation that Prince William was unhappy with Harry for confirming the relationship too soon, stating 'The Duke of Cambridge absolutely understands the situation concerning privacy and supports the need for Prince Harry to support those closest to him.'Early in December 2017 Meghan was confirmed as the most Googled actress of 2016. In the same month, the couple were photographed together for the first time in London, shopping for a Christmas tree at the Pines and Needles store and attending a performance of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time. By January 2017 a source told US weekly that Harry had introduced Meghan to Kate and Prince Charlotte and that the 'meeting went well'. Meanwhile a source told The Sun that Meghan had 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry to his cottage on the Kensington Palace estate. By March things were openly getting pretty serious between the two: Meghan accompanied Harry to Jamaica for a wedding for the first time (his friend's Tom 'Skippy' Inskip to Lara Hughes-Young). On April the 7th Meghan announced that she was closing down her lifestyle blog The Tig writing 'What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. You've made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy.' In May, Meghan and Harry attended their first public event together at the Polo in Coworth Park (where they also engaged in some PDA). Later in May Prince Harry was seen driving Meghan to the reception of Pippa Middleton and James Matthew's wedding.Welcome to Meghan the style Icon: at the opening of Prince Harry's Invictus Games in September Meghan wore a maroon midi dress with a pleated chiffon skirt by one of her favourite Canadian brands, Aritzia with a burgundy biker jacket by Mackage. The next day the couple were photographed sitting together at the wheelchair tennis and 'broke with royal protocol' by holding hands and kissing at the closing ceremony. On the 5th of September In an interview with Vanity Fair, Meghan stated: 'We're a couple. We're in love. I'm sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people understand is that this is our time.' Late 2017 we saw the end of everyone's favourite legal powerhouse Rachel Zane (sob). In November 2017, shortly after Meghan met the Queen, the actress was reported to be leaving her role in Suits after seven seasons. After months of speculation, Prince Charles announced the engagement of his younger son Prince Harry and Meghan Markle after 15 months of dating On November 27th 2017 . The engagement ring, said to be designed by Harry, is made of two stones that belonged to Princess Diana. The couple later appeared at a photocall, with Markle wearing a white dress coat by Canadian brand Line The Label (whose website subsequently crashed). When asked by waiting photographers if the proposal was romantic, Harry joked 'of course!' Speaking about his late mother, Princess Diana, Harry said 'I think they'd be thick as thieves. She would be over the moon, jumping up and down, so excited for me... It's days like today when I really miss having her around and miss being able to share the happy news. With the ring, I'm sure she's with us, jumping up and down somewhere else.' it was announced that the wedding would take place on May the 19th, 2018. In December 2017 Meghan, Harry, Kate and William were photographed together attending the Christmas service at Sandringham. Pictures of the two couples earned them the title 'The Fab Four'. Meanwhile in the following months Meghan earned a reputation for breaking royal protocol on official visits by hugging fans of the couple and kissing them on the cheek. In February 2018, Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle had their first royal engagement together for the Royal Foundation Forum with Prince Harry and Prince William. Harry stated of the two couples 'We have different opinions and they work really well [together]. Working as family does have its challenges; of course it does. The fact that everybody is laughing shows they know exactly what's it like… But we are stuck together for the rest of our lives.'In the lead-up to the wedding it was confirmed 2,640 people would be invited to the grounds of Windsor Palace to watch the royal wedding. Photos of Meghan and Harry's wedding invitations were released, bearing Harry's legal name 'Henry'. Meghan and Harry made a number of public appearances together including to the Invictus game tryouts in April and attend the Queen's birthday at the Royal Albert Hall. Meghan's final episode of Suits is also aired, marking the official end of her acting career.On May the 14th, three days before the wedding Meghan's father, Thomas Markle sr. who was confirmed to walk Meghan down the aisle pulled out, following an embarrassing incident in which he staged paid paparazzi photos. Thomas Markle later suffered a heart attack, and his son Thomas Markle Jr. penned an unflattering open letter to Harry criticizing Meghan and encouraging him to pull out of the wedding. The day before the wedding, Kensington Palace announced Prince Charles would walk Meghan down the aisle, stating 'The Prince of Wales is pleased to be able to welcome Ms. Markle to The Royal Family in this way.'Meghan and Harry wed on the 19th of May for a combined audience of 11.5 million people who tuned in to watch the ceremony. Meghan's gown was made by Clare Waight Keller, artistic director of the fashion house Givenchy which she later changed for a silk crepe dress by Stella McCartney. Her mother Doria Ragland attended the ceremony along with a host of celebrities including Meghan's former Suits cast and her close friends, George and Amal Clooney.Throughout May of 2018 Harry and Meghan made their first official appearances as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. For her inaugural attendance to the Trooping of the Colour Meghan wore an off-the-shoulder dress, reportedly breaking royal protocal. In the following months the newlyweds made a number of public appearances including to Ireland to meet the country's officials. They also took a rumoured trip to visit George and Amal Clooney in Lake Como. Speculation began during Princess Eugenie's wedding that Meghan was pregnant owing to her loose coat. The rumours were confirmed when Kensington Palace announced on the 15th of October 2018 that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were expecting a child. The announcement also coincided with the first day of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's official tour. In October Meghan and Harry departed for their 16-day Autumn royal tour visiting Australia, Tonga, Fiji and New Zealand (obviously featuring some serious style moments from the newly-appointed Duchess of Sussex/Style). By November, sources were telling news outlets that the couple were preparing to move to Frogmore cottage in Windsor in 2019. The couple spent the anniversary of their engagement, November the 27th apart, due to Harry being in Zambia. As Meghan and Harry embarked on life as newlyweds there was less plainsailing, as controversy continued to follow closely on their heels. Meghan's family have continued to be the subject of unflattering media headlines and Thomas Markle gave interviews to the media about his distanced relationship with his daughter. Meanwhile Samantha Markle (Meghan's half sister, who also claims to be penning a book about the Duchess) was put on a fixated persons list after showing up at Kensington palace in January. Rumours of a froideur between Meghan and Kate were sparked shortly after Meghan and Harry's nuptials by reports that Meghan reduced Kate 'to tears' during challenging dress fittings with Princess Charlotte. In February, Thomas Markle leaks a handwritten letter from Meghan to the media in response to friends of the Duchess defending her in an interview and following numerous staff changes, rumours arise that Meghan and Harry's staff refer to Meghan by the nickname 'The difficult Duchess'. In March 2019 it was confirmed that the Sussex and Cambridge's 'royal households' will split, meaning the couples will no longer share staff. Royal spokespersons confirm that Kate and William's staff team will stay in Kensington Palace while Meghan and Harry's staff will be based in Buckingham Palace, reflecting the location of their new residence of Frogmore cottage in Windsor. Representatives are quick to confirm this is a planned move, and not due to rumors of growing tensions between the couples. Further investigation finds that Meghan is an unexpected aficionado of the bodysuit, even including one in her capsule collection for Canadian fashion brand Reitmans. Is the bodysuit becoming an unanticipated royal style staple? Only time will tell, but it certainly seems that way. Perhaps it's just another example of Meghan ripping up the royal rulebook and staying true to her personal style...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Harry Styles and Gucci: it's a fashion partnership made in heaven, and - thankfully - one that's back for the new season. Earlier this year, the joyfully incongruous images from Styles' first Gucci tailoring campaign saw the singer lurking around a fish and chip shop, playing with dogs and (inexplicably) holding a chicken. Now, he's travelled to the Villa Lante outside Rome for another, equally brilliant set of photos, shot by Glen Luchford, styled by Gucci's creative director Alessandro Michele and starring a brand new cast of tiny animals: a lamb, a goat and a piglet. It's all too much for us to bear.See the full Gucci menswear tailoring campaign starring Harry Styles in the gallery below...Credit: Gucci / Glen LuchfordHarry Styles Gucci Cruise Tailoring2of10This being a Gucci campaign, it's a typically eclectic mix of influences and reference points that range from high to low, old to new - and this being a Harry Styles campaign, we've taken the time to over-analyse them all. Here are the ones that you might have missed (we'll forgive you, because it's all rather overwhelming)...Googling the words 'One Direction Wonderland photoshoot' is like falling through a sci-fi vortex into a simpler time. A time when the boyband One Direction was a cohesive whole, and not just (we speculate) a Zayn-less Whatsapp group in which only Liam Payne still posts (with maybe the odd golfing update from Niall Horan). A time when some genius creative director decided that it would be a great idea to take photos of these rising stars cuddling Andrex puppies while wearing fuzzy knitwear. Surely any photo set involving Harry Styles and cute animals has to acknowledge this shoot as a major influence?That gold headband is surely surely straight out of an old religious fresco. Plus, posing with a flock of lambs is a textbook New Testament move. Now we're just wondering why Harry Styles wasn't a guest of honour at the Met Gala for Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination - and, on a deeper level, why noted fashion icon Harry Styles has never yet attended the Met Gala. Perhaps it's Taylor Swift's fault.Twitter user Rei has even pointed out some similarities between one pose and this Botticelli painting...... and between this lamb-over-the-shoulder pose and a specific Roman statue, found in Rome's Museo Barracco. There's a distinct possibility that Michele, who has cited religious art and iconography as inspiration for past Gucci collections, was aware of this work, too.Less a reference, perhaps, than a point of comparison: wouldn't all these outfits look truly excellent on the cast of Gucci-wearing primary schoolers that populated the video for Harry's song Kiwi last year? Plus, the whole farmyard animal set-up is very reminiscent of a school trip to visit the animals, so...We knew we'd seen that squint to the camera before, but this time, there's a baby pig involved.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We all remember the moment we saw The Queen front row at Richard Quinn’s London Fashion Week show last season, so of course everyone was wondering who he’d invite this time around.Would it be Meghan Markle, the most-talked about royal this year, or perhaps Kate Middleton would make an appearance? Instead imagine the fashion set’s surprise when they found themselves staring at a bunch of school kids – no really.Sitting front row at Richard Quinn were students from his former school and sixth form St Thomas More comprehensive school in Greenwich, and some from Central Saint Martins.But… why? A glance at the show notes explains all.‘At a time when real damage is occurring to arts education, I want to point to how substantially its creative power lights the path to our future,’ Quinn explained.‘I had a background where no one really did art and design but I was really encouraged to do it,' he added after the show, according to The Guardian.‘Now they’re not classing it as an academic subject which I think is ridiculous – [fashion] is the second most profitable industry in the world. I think it’s really important to make a statement.’And what a statement it was, fashion isn’t just about looking good and spending money anymore, it’s about saying something with your clothes and taking a stand.But what did the children think of Quinn’s new collection? After all, they had the best view.‘I thought it was really amazing. It reminded me of all four seasons.’ Isabella Marenhi, 14, told The Guardian.Molly Farrell, also 14, agreed: ‘I kind of thought the same. At the beginning, the dresses looked like raindrops.’ Isabella added: ‘The way the models were walking and the look on their faces was really breathtaking.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...OK, I lied, it’s not quite a brand at ASOS, but ASOS itself. The e-com has rebranded its own line as ASOS Design, and while not much in terms of design has changed, it’s sure as hell a lot easier to navigate.Choice, too much of it, in fact, is one of the worst parts of online shopping (after delayed deliveries and long-drawn-out refunds, of course). Retailers claim there’s something for everyone but one study from Columbia University showed that choice actually negatively impacts our shopping habits, which is good for our bank balance and bad for our wardrobe. With over 3,300 items in their ‘New In’ section alone, it’s no wonder so many of ASOS’ best items require hours worth of research to find.Well, you can rely on Grazia, because I spent a whole afternoon browsing ASOS (I agree, it was a very sensible use of my time). I had a system - click by section and then tab anything that took my fancy without looking at price or designer. Sure, I was caught out by a few high balling items, but there was one overarching trend to my tabbed pieces, nearly all were from the ASOS Design section. Hot on trends and cool on prices, it’s just my cup of tea for fall. Here are the hero items I’m buying this winter...ASOS Design shopping2of19© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A miniature box bag brightly painted with fashion illustrations, a set of luxury Christmas crackers and a charming luggage tag are just three of the enchanting accessories Aspinal of London launched in partnership with Giles Deacon yesterday.In the middle of the chaos of London Fashion Week, the British couturier and the famed leather goods brand launched their Christmas collaboration. About eight months ago a private client of Giles, Aspinal’s head designer, Mariya Dykalo, suggested they create a capsule collection together.‘You get Aspinal through my eyes and you know it is me bringing my stamp of personality upon the brand’, Giles tells me as we stand surrounded by his sketches, which are decorating the brand’s St James’ store. Beginning with an iPad doodle, the elegant drawings that decorate the collection feature sumptuous women in eveningwear and wiggle skirts, trouser suits and wild pink roses. These prints have been printed and embossed across the leather collection, including the popular Hepburn bag. The pieces are available from October 15th (but are available to pre-order now here) with prices start at £45 and are head off just before the £1000 mark.He was keen to design something that complimented Aspinal’s customers, not alienate them. Since shuttering his own ready-to-wear line to focus on couture, finding a collaboration with an entry-level price-point certainly appealed to the designer. He explains, ‘It wasn’t about making a whole lot of one-off pieces that were £25,000, we have luggage tags, passport holders, journals, mini trunks all the signature shapes.’‘Aspinal is a great British brand and I love what they make and what they are about. They have that quintessential Englishness and quirky English eccentricity, which I really like,’ he effuses. ‘ I have always been quintessentially British myself, even the couture that I do is very much British couture’. In simple terms, it's their shared playfulness, a touch of subversion, a heady mix of modernity and tradition and undeniable whimsy that makes this partnering a success.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘It’s important because women are consumers, and they come in all sizes and shapes and ethnic backgrounds’, muses Sarah Jessica Parker just hours before Intimissimi’s runway show of which she is the star guest. At age 53 with three children still at home, a long and successful acting career under her belt, a blossoming publishing imprint and production company to run, she’s taken on a new mantel, the face of the Italian lingerie label. Her counterpart? The 32-year-old, mother-of-one, Irina Shayk.In her latest role, Parker emulates her most famous alter-ego, Carrie Bradshaw, as she sashays around Manhattan wearing a pair of silken pyjamas with Intimissimi’s black balconette bra peeking through. Ignoring the shocked response of her elderly neighbour she skips through the streets until she arrives at a red carpet, swishing her hair and smiling knowingly. In the 29 seconds it takes the advert to play, Parker and Intimissimi create a compelling case for lingerie advertising to be more than pictures of sexy writhing women.Within the lingerie industry, relatability is now a valuable commodity. ‘I think brands are smart about wanting to reach all of us, I think it’s fantastic’, says Sarah, ‘I know who I am, and how old I am’.A little over two decades ago Intimissimi was founded in Verona, a city so romantic it inspired Romeo and Juliet and yet so vibrant it’s home to the multi-national Calzedonia group, itself a powerful player in the swimwear and hosiery industry. They are calling their latest campaign: ‘A new interpretation of seduction’.Freedom and choice are the buzzwords of the autumn winter 2018 collection. For Parker, she’s clear in her mind about what they mean. For her, freedom is about having the space to make choices, ‘I think freedom is liberty and making choices about how you are in the world’, later she adds, ‘I just make choices that feel like me, I try not to let anybody outside influence or affect my choices.’ However, Parker is quick to acknowledge the privilege attached to this with a caveat. ‘I have the resources I need to support my professional choices’.This is something, Shayk also relates to, ‘There is nobody shaming anymore and I think we are moving towards freedom, if a woman wants to wear a crop top and feel sexy she should, but I feel like there are so many ways to express sexuality and women’s freedom’.One thing the two campaign stars share is motherhood. For both this life-altering and affirming experience hasn’t affected their relationship with lingerie. Parker - who jokes that there ‘is a fuzzy line between characters I’ve played, obviously Carrie Bradshaw, and myself’ like their shared love underwear as outerwear – has been integrating lingerie into her day-to-day ensembles for over twenty years. She loved how Patricia Field (Sex and the City's stylist) used it's evocative power when creating Carrie's sartorial personality and says she feels ‘ liberated that it is back [in fashion]. But, just for me, it never left so I feel delighted’.Likewise, when asked how motherhood has changed her relationship with lingerie Irina adamantly said, ‘I don’t think motherhood should change anything and it doesn’t change anything. You just have to love your body no matter how you look and you just need to find self-confidence even if it changes.’It’s no coincidence that this recalibration of the lingerie industry is coming from Intimissimi. In 2016 the company was valued at €2.128bn (£) with 91 per cent of its employees' women. And, of that, the vast majority (67 per cent) are under 30-years-old. Knowingly championing a diverse age range of women reflects the millennial mindset that’s active behind the scenes at the Verona HQ.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With New York Fashion Week behind us, the style set have hopped across the Atlantic for London’s chance to showcase it’s best design talent. We’ve got Burberry and Victoria Beckham, Alexa Chung and Erdem, Mary Katrantzou and Christopher Kane as well as dozens more jostling for attention in this busy schedule. So you don’t need to be glued to your screen for the next five days, here are quick reviews of the best shows to keep you on top of London Fashion Week.Last season the Queen, this season pupils from Richard Quinn's old school. Why? This is his messeage against education cuts. And, what about the clothes? Wow. Wow. Wow florals with black as night ruffles, feathers and fringing. Booking a holiday, if only to wear Roberta Einer's Moroccan sunset colour paletteRiccardo Tisci just reinvented Burberry, so will you be wearing the new check? Credit: ShutterstockDramatic veils, gloves and OTT bows are on. Next season's you loves dressing up - take it from Erdem.Credit: ShutterstockRoksanda's unexpected colour palette and sequin-backed trench coat are going on our SS19 wishlist!Credit: ShutterstockEmilia Wickstead's ink and green is the most compelling colour combination we've seen all season.Credit: ShutterstockChristopher Kane's fierce part predator is making us rethink metallics with lace, mega-shouldered jackets and pointy ankle boots.Though Victoria Beckham was celebrating her 10th anniversary with her first show at London Fashion Week the collection was a forward-facing vision of function and form co-existing. Ashish is putting going OUT-OUT back on the agenda. Gird your thong because sequin slip dresses are incoming! With a truly British sensibility Preen by Thornton Bregazzi pieces together silk floral tea dresses and off-cuts of sweater vests, ruffed lace dresses with sensible shoes and 40s inspired shoulders with thoroughly modern twisted silk silhouettes.Summer goths, SS19 is looking up! Simone Rocha's answer to SPF? Frock coats and lace veils over hats. Aretha Franklin, political badges and garden party tailoring at Roland Mouret with traffic-stopping cut-outs and lots and lots of pockets!!Haute 70s and American sportswear in chocolate, cream and orange were offset by Glassy skin by Suqqu at ALEXACHUNGTailoring, tartan and macrame was on the agenda at Ports 1961 today.The print, embellishment and sculptural silhouettes that have come to define Mary Katrantzou were reviseted for SS19 as the label gears up to celebrated its tenth birthday.J.W.Anderson's headscarves and non-gendered collection of fluid dresses and flowing shirts had a conceptual flair. Henry continues to have his finger on the pulse with neon accents and shell suits at House of Holland where his coterie of cool girls (including Little Mix members and Pixie Geldof) sat front row. Molly Goddard gives new power to the humble flower with a new iteration of her iconic tulle dresses, this season accompanied by ruffled shirt dresses and slim fit cardigans. I can't tell you what Anya Hindmarch SS19 accessores will look like, but I can tell you she hosted one of the most conceptual shows we have ever seen, complete with a ginormaus bean bag, a choir and Radio 4's shipping forecast read live. Courtesy of sequins, velvet, stripes of every perceivable width and direction and the most luxurious bucket hats we've ever set eyes on, Halpern's models were the definition of high glamour. The wicked witches of Hackney: With wispy curls and vinyl red lips, Ryan Lo's models wore whimsical tulle and silk tea dresses in the palest shades of pink with soaring scarlet or magenta witchy hats by Stephen Jones. Matty Bovan was couture proportions decorated with objet trouvet inspired by Derek Jarman, Basquiat and kitchen sink dramas.London in its coolest form: Ashley Williams's girls wore tiger print, ironic diamante hair clips and party dresses. Layered with mid-2000s references, Marta Jakubowski showed spliced knitwear, peddle pushers and little black dresses that put sexiness back on the map. Heavenly detailing and a varied vivid palette made Bora Aksu's SS19 collection a compelling competitor for event dressing. Richard Malone continues to impress, this seson with jewel tone tailoring and sophistcated draping.london fashion week review2of26Last season the Queen, this season pupils from Richard Quinn's old school. Why? This is his messeage against education cuts. And, what about the clothes? Wow. Wow. Wow florals with black as night ruffles, feathers and fringing. Booking a holiday, if only to wear Roberta Einer's Moroccan sunset colour paletteRiccardo Tisci just reinvented Burberry, so will you be wearing the new check? Dramatic veils, gloves and OTT bows are on. Next season's you loves dressing up - take it from Erdem.Roksanda's unexpected colour palette and sequin-backed trench coat are going on our SS19 wishlist!Emilia Wickstead's ink and green is the most compelling colour combination we've seen all season.Christopher Kane's fierce part predator is making us rethink metallics with lace, mega-shouldered jackets and pointy ankle boots.Though Victoria Beckham was celebrating her 10th anniversary with her first show at London Fashion Week the collection was a forward-facing vision of function and form co-existing. Ashish is putting going OUT-OUT back on the agenda. Gird your thong because sequin slip dresses are incoming! With a truly British sensibility Preen by Thornton Bregazzi pieces together silk floral tea dresses and off-cuts of sweater vests, ruffed lace dresses with sensible shoes and 40s inspired shoulders with thoroughly modern twisted silk silhouettes.Summer goths, SS19 is looking up! Simone Rocha's answer to SPF? Frock coats and lace veils over hats. Aretha Franklin, political badges and garden party tailoring at Roland Mouret with traffic-stopping cut-outs and lots and lots of pockets!!Haute 70s and American sportswear in chocolate, cream and orange were offset by Glassy skin by Suqqu at ALEXACHUNGTailoring, tartan and macrame was on the agenda at Ports 1961 today.The print, embellishment and sculptural silhouettes that have come to define Mary Katrantzou were reviseted for SS19 as the label gears up to celebrated its tenth birthday.J.W.Anderson's headscarves and non-gendered collection of fluid dresses and flowing shirts had a conceptual flair. Henry continues to have his finger on the pulse with neon accents and shell suits at House of Holland where his coterie of cool girls (including Little Mix members and Pixie Geldof) sat front row. Molly Goddard gives new power to the humble flower with a new iteration of her iconic tulle dresses, this season accompanied by ruffled shirt dresses and slim fit cardigans. I can't tell you what Anya Hindmarch SS19 accessores will look like, but I can tell you she hosted one of the most conceptual shows we have ever seen, complete with a ginormaus bean bag, a choir and Radio 4's shipping forecast read live. Courtesy of sequins, velvet, stripes of every perceivable width and direction and the most luxurious bucket hats we've ever set eyes on, Halpern's models were the definition of high glamour. The wicked witches of Hackney: With wispy curls and vinyl red lips, Ryan Lo's models wore whimsical tulle and silk tea dresses in the palest shades of pink with soaring scarlet or magenta witchy hats by Stephen Jones. Matty Bovan was couture proportions decorated with objet trouvet inspired by Derek Jarman, Basquiat and kitchen sink dramas.London in its coolest form: Ashley Williams's girls wore tiger print, ironic diamante hair clips and party dresses. Layered with mid-2000s references, Marta Jakubowski showed spliced knitwear, peddle pushers and little black dresses that put sexiness back on the map. Heavenly detailing and a varied vivid palette made Bora Aksu's SS19 collection a compelling competitor for event dressing. Richard Malone continues to impress, this seson with jewel tone tailoring and sophistcated draping.While you're here check out our favourite looks from New York Fashion Week in one line...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a West London photo studio this summer, the hubbub of a shoot is in full swing: Missy Elliott is blaring, assistants are running around, clothes are being pinned. And in front of the photographer stand six models, dressed all in white, a phalanx of Greek goddesses transported straight to W10. They know their angles, they know their bodies. It’s a sweltering day, but each has the ice cool composure of the truly confident. The models are six extraordinary women, remarkable in their own right and because they defy the notion that a model’s sell-by date is her early twenties. A mix of industry veterans and newcomers, they range in age from 26 to 63, and each proves that the once industry-standard mould of a model as a thin, white teenager who is seen and not heard is now woefully outdated.‘People’s concepts of beauty are changing,’ says Mouchette Bell, 63, who started modelling in her twenties, when she worked with industry legends like Italian Vogue editor Franca Sozzani and Peter Lindberg, but then stepped behind the camera to become a stylist for British Vogue, Mademoiselle and Elle. Last year, however, she was wooed back in front of the camera, by the industry’s changing mood. ‘[Clients] know I have a few wrinkles and creases, which I’ve earned and they like it. Now I don’t have to be perfect.’It’s certainly true that fashion has woken up to the power of using women of substance whose beauty doesn’t conform to some age barrier. You can see attitudes changing across the board – from high-end powerhouses to high-street stalwarts.Last year, Lauren Hutton scooped a Calvin Klein underwear campaign at 73, and walked for Bottega Veneta’s 50th anniversary show. Brands such as Dries Van Noten, The Row and Roland Mouret have also used older models in recent campaigns and shows. Earlier this year, Lancôme signed Isabella Rossellini, 66, as a brand ambassador, 24 years after terminating her last contract (she claimed it was because she was too old – how times change). Meanwhile, for its new own- brand collection, John Lewis & Partners used 60-something model Jocelyne Beaudoin. ‘Age is not the defining character when selecting a woman for our campaigns,’ says the brand’s head of womenswear, Jo Bennett.And for anyone still in doubt whether women of a certain age can have ‘it’, then consider one of the most spectacular fashion moments of recent years: the Versace S/S ’18 finale in which Donatella Versace was flanked by the original ‘supers’ – Cindy Crawford (52), Naomi Campbell (48), Claudia Schiffer (48), Carla Bruni (50), and Helena Christensen (49) – looking as invincibly gorgeous as ever. That was a year ago and the momentum has gained pace.‘I think we get inspired by people who are like us,’ says Anna Klevhag, the 49-year- old Swedish blonde in our shoot, who made her name in the ’90s modelling for Helmut Lang and DKNY. ‘We have to be able to identify with the people we see.’ Grazia’s casting and talent director Holly Scott Lidgett, who cast this shoot and John Lewis’s campaign, agrees. ‘The demand for older models comes from a new approach to the way we represent women,’ she says. ‘We want to see individuals. Modern, fresh, relevant, current – exactly how it should be.’Indeed, just look at the hundreds of thousands of Instagram followers influencers Lynn Slater (65) and Sophie Fontanel (56) have. We’re hungry to see what women with the confidence of age wear, do and think. It makes sense that brands are wising up, not least because it’s commercially savvy – why freeze out the demographic most likely to be able to a ord luxury fashion?But it doesn’t just resonate with an older audience. As Holly says, ‘We all want to look at these women’. Indeed, just as you don’t have to be a teenager to want to buy something 17-year-old Kaia Gerber wears on the catwalk, you don’t have to be in your fifties to want to emulate the confident sexiness of silver-haired Nottingham native Nicky Griffn, the 58-year old turning up the attitude in a vinyl Marina Rinaldi trench.Nicky’s composure in front of the camera is all the more remarkable as she’s only been doing this for five years. A mum of twin daughters (now 24), her unlikely move into modelling came via a queue at the bank when she was approached to be in a hair ad. She dismissed the idea at first (‘I thought, why do they want me? My hair’s grey!’) but was encouraged to follow it up by her daughters. Buoyed by their enthusiasm, Nicky ‘went off on a jolly’.That was five years ago, and that jolly has flourished into a thriving second-act career. In 2016, Nicky made headlines when she became the oldest woman ever to appear in Sports Illustrated’s Swimsuit Issue, wearing a gold bikini. Even without the images being captured for posterity, getting in a bikini makes most women nervous, but Nicky was determined not to be all ‘boo hoo I have stretch marks’ about it. ‘I thought, “You know what, here [is my body] in all its glory. No it’s not perfect, no I’m not 20, it is what is,”’ she says. ‘I’m entitled to put on a bikini and feel good.’ She didn’t always feel such confidence. ‘When I was younger, everything was a problem,’ she says, reflecting that she enjoys modelling much more now than her younger self would have.With that liberation comes camaraderie, a sisterliness born out of self-assuredness. We see it in action all day, as the models support each other and take selfies together. ‘You’re a tough act to follow!’ says Mouchette as Nicky wraps up her portrait shot. Wearing all white, with layers of necklaces and her hair in plaits, Mouchette is the embodiment of bohemian cool. She has always loved fashion (she remembers poring over the details of her first Communion dress) and is thrilled to see attitudes changing. ‘Back in the day, if you were 20 you wore “young” clothes and if you were 50 you wore “old” clothes,’ she remembers.The relentless, futile pursuit of perfection is a treadmill most women are sadly familiar with. Talking to these women, one is reminded that what is on the outside doesn’t necessarily match the inside – something Noémie Lenoir, 39, knows painfully intimately. The Parisian model has worked for mega-brands like Victoria’s Secret and Tiffany & Co, but is probably best known for her stint in M&S’s adverts. She appeared to have it all. Then, in 2010, she tried to kill herself. ‘Even in my bad times I learned things,’ she says now.Today, fizzing with energy and disarmingly open, Noémie is so up that it’s almost impossible to reconcile that with the shattering lows she has experienced. Age has brought her gratitude. ‘I’m in my forties next year and I’m excited about it.’ Mother to a son, 13, and daughter, three, Noémie is understandably cautious about social media. But a positive she recognises is that it has opened the doors of the industry. ‘Why can’t [we see] a woman with shape wear clothes? Why can’t a black woman wear make-up?’ she says, eyebrows raised.‘Noémie’s hilarious,’ says Jade Parfitt, who started modelling at the same time. Jade was one of the hottest names of the late ’90s, a favourite of the biggest designers in the business – think McQueen, Galliano, Gaultier.Having turned 40 earlier this year, she’s at the Grazia shoot with youngest daughter Silver, 11 months. ‘It’s not the cut-off you imagine when you’re younger,’ she says of that milestone age. ‘You come into yourself more. That’s the secret, it gets better and better. You just feel more tired,’ she laughs.Despite her success, Jade says self-doubt would plague her when she was younger. ‘I’ve learned I’m much more capable than I thought I was. A lot of young models are terribly insecure – you think you’re not pretty enough, you’re not tall enough, you’re too tall.’ She’s experienced ‘peaks and troughs’ in her own career but found that becoming a mum put everything into perspective. ‘What was important just isn’t any more,’ she says, adding that she makes a point of telling her own daughters ‘you’re so clever’ rather than ‘you’re so beautiful’.Spotted at 16, Jade had already been modelling for a decade by the time she was 26, the age that another of today’s Grazia cover stars, Berlin-based Cris W ( Johanna Crisanto Warner), is now. Let’s be frank – 26 is categorically not old by any stretch – but until relatively recently, that was past the sell-by date for most models.Initially scouted at 14, Cris was too shy to try modelling. Part of the new guard of curve models disrupting the industry (she’s a size 16), it wasn’t until she was 23 that she decided to give it ago. What started as a side-hustle is now her full-time gig and her confidence has grown with the job. ‘I’ve got more comfortable with myself,’ she says. ‘The older you get, the more you appreciate your body as something that keeps you alive.’Modelling or not, your twenties can be tough. How is she coping? ‘For me, it’s just finding out who I am, trying not to be scared and overwhelmed. I’ve found that the less you resist – even the bad and overwhelming times – the quicker you move on.’If she ever wants a little help, she might want to speak to Anna. The Swedish super made her name in the jet-set whirr of the ’90s, working with Gianni Versace, Karl Lagerfeld and Juergen Teller. As the face of DKNY, she’d see her image plastered all over Times Square. Then, in the mid- noughties, Anna ‘opted out of everything’. Following the tragic death of her agent in the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami, she focused her energies on raising two daughters in the Devon countryside.Recently, Anna returned to fashion, using her experiences to become a life coach for young models, helping them maintain a sense of equilibrium. She’s also been coaxed back in front of the camera, for (among others) Matchesfashion.com, MAC and H&M. She likens modelling 2.0 to slipping on an old pair of slippers – familiar, comfortable. ‘I still feel pressure to do a nice shot but I feel much more secure,’ she says. ‘I always loved the job.’It’s galvanising watching these women in action; a reminder that we are hungry to see women with opinions, confidence and stories to tell – whatever their age. ‘I think we’re all sick and tired, bored of just seeing 18-year-olds wearing size zero,’ says Nicky. ‘We all want to be represented. A woman can be beautiful and stylish at 85. It’s not about age, it’s not about size, it’s about who you are.'   © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to jewellery, special pieces and especially gifts are always personal. That’s why we love Swarovski’s Remix Collection. Not only can you make everything bespoke by adding your choice of charms (starting at £25), thanks to the innovative clasp system, each piece can easily be transformed into something different. Wear alone as a simple bracelet (starting at £34), or go for maximum impact by adding contrasting strands together to design your own custom-built wrap bracelet, choker or necklace. Here are 5 ways we are remixing this versatile collection into our wardrobes...There is no better way to give your jewellery a personal touch than bespoke lettering. The perfect thoughtful gift, or an ideal present to yourself. After all, who doesn’t want something that’s designed especially for them.Styling tip: Make your jewellery unique by adding the first letter of your name to a choker, wearing your initials on a bracelet, or spelling out your favourite nickname on a necklace.Pick and choose from the plethora of versatile bracelet options - from birthstones and slogans to emojis and hearts - and stack your arm high with bracelets.Styling tip: Give your classic tailoring a twist with fun and playful motifs.Embrace the trend for all things nineties by connecting two bracelets into a choker. Delicate chains look pretty adorned with one statement central charm.Styling tip: Wear alone or layer with a pendant necklace. We love styling a choker with a button-up shirt or off-the-shoulder blouse.Forget alternating between your two favourite necklaces and wear both together. Connect your favourite Swarovski pieces and adorn your neck with a bounty of charms, from subtle crystal pearls to talking-point stones.Styling tip: Jazz up a basic tee, chunky knit or colour block dress with the addition of two opposing length necklaces.Embrace your spiritual side with magical charms. Whether it’s an evil eye, palm or peace symbol, you will not want to take off these lucky tokens.Styling tip: Supremely versatile, you could wear with a suit for work, a tea dress for brunch or a silk shirt for cocktails.Commercial Swarovski2of7N.B. All prices are non-binding RRP’s including VAT. Prices are subject to change from time to time without prior notice. Please check with the participating store at the time of purchase. Charms sold separately.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As soon as New York Fashion Week finishes, London gets underway. Currently, top billing is torn between Burberry with Riccardo Tisci newly installed as chief creative officer and Victoria Beckham as she embarks on her first show on home turf. But beyond Burberry and Beckham, the next five days are set to be busy. Alexa Chung has her first runway show, Louise Gray is staging a comeback and all eyes will be on Mary Katrantzou who is celebrating a decade in business.Last fashion week I walked 76,763 steps, I drank so many Pret espresso’s they sent me a gift card (true story) and watched nearly 50 shows. I expect the same from this season, but here are the thoughts I wasn’t expecting to have…Credit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: Shutterstock© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you find dressing for work a minefield, you’re not alone. When it comes to cutting that fine line between professional and practical, it’s not easy. Should you wear heels? Perhaps. Should you wear a suit? Possibly. These are the questions that will haunt you on Monday morning before work so save yourself the strain and get prepared now.With fashion month underway, we’ve found ourselves yearning to shop. We’re not just craving newness but we’re brimming with inspiration from the street style set. Their working day may not be the same as an average person’s - shock there’s no champagne and supermodels around our water cooler - they are still faced with dancing along the professional line. Let them take the lead and then tone it done. For instance, a green suit is a win, but the fluffy bag may not strike the right note on the commute. A floral dress is instant mood-lifter, but add a blazer for instant boss approval.Let these five outfits make your Monday a little easier.Credit: Instagram/@andigetdressedworkwear 17.09.182of19© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Today was important for two reasons. To start, it was the first time that Victoria Beckham presented her label at London Fashion Week, and secondly, it was the tenth anniversary of her namesake brand. Since launching it has defied critics expectations and redefined what it means to be a celebrity and a designer, which in turn patted a way for Kanye West’s Yeezy and Rihanna’s Fenty to be taken seriously by the style press and the public alike.As ever, her greatest supporters, David, Harper, Romeo, Cruz and Brooklyn sat in a huddle on the front row. Her parents, Anthony and Jackie Adams, as well as her sister Louise,  were also in attendance. Last night Mary Katrantzou celebrated the same landmark with a collection that referenced not just collections (of postage stamps, jewellery, pressed flowers and shells) but her past work over the last ten years. Though the house codes were infinitely evident, Beckham showed a future-facing collection for spring summer 2019. Though the dress is still king to Victoria Beckham, separates have played progressive importance to this label. Now, longline t-shirts underpin a louche silhouette with blazers and slim-cut trousers and sweater vests or sweaters themselves become the accessory as they drape cross-body over a slip dress for an ounce more coverage. For spring drainpipe trousers have a calf-high slit cutaway, which reveals the shoe and in the same breath cloaks it. Jewellery hasn't been a main focus of the label, until now as the brand introduces a selection pendant necklaces, brass signet rings and leather bracelets, all imprinted with a subtle 'VB' monogram. Pat McGrath created an ageless dewy look for the models, which included a little gloss on the lids and subtle highlighting to create skin that had an inner glow for models like Stella Tennant and Liya Kebede.As the show walked Michel Gaubert created a dedicated soundtrack. In the past he has worked with all Lagerfeld, Jil Sander, Balenciaga, Dries van Noten and Oscar de la Renta. Nicole Tyson's Blue Knickers painting from 2008 was pinned to Beckham's moodboard and is vividly apparent in the colour palette. This isn't the first time art and design have collided for this label as earlier this summer it hosted an Old Masters exhibition in its Mount Street store.Ten years ago Victoria Beckham presented her first-ever collection in the intimate confines of a townhouse in New York (fun fact, it was featured in Sex And The City), which was reminiscent of the Galerie Thaddeus Ropac where today's runway took place. As soon as the show finished a select group of clients were invited next door to Victoria Beckham's flagship Mount Street store to shop the collection. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a designer, there are only a handful of people who can in a split-second change the fortunes of your label: Meghan Markle is one, Kate Middleton is another and the third? Rihanna. When the latter wore a dress by Marianna Senchina for a Fenty Beauty launch last year the brand went from relatively unknown to splashing the front pages of every major newspaper and fashion website.Relatively fresh from design school in Italy, the Ukrainian designer started her line just four years ago. Quickly it’s become known for two things: ruffles and bows. But, hold on a second, don’t make any rash judgements, it’s not just a puddle of girlish excess. Charming as it is, those frills and ribbons employ the themes of romance to create dramatic, flamboyant shapes in bold, sometimes challenging colour combinations.Look for a moment at the styling of the label’s forthcoming spring summer 19 collection. The models have striking 80s coiffeurs and in a power pose (unblinking gaze, head held high and legs shoulder-width apart). Nothing about this designers work is for the faint-hearted, especially not her polka dot dresses, twisted tops and crop tops. But, if it’s good enough for Rihanna be sure it’s good enough for us.Marianna Senchina2of8© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The tipping point for me was the Canada Goose Parka in the Vetements SS17 show.Lusciously durable, plump with thermal down and water resistant with a two-way zipper and bungee ties. The hood was especially arousing. Everything leading up to that point slipped away into sartorial insignificance, and everything afterwards streamlined my desires into Stuff That Works.I am not alone. A quick glance at the New In collections on the most prominent shopping sites shows that function is taking the lead on form in people’s shopping habits: the first 9 rows of Net-a-Porter’s boots selection is comprised of sturdy waterproof hiking boots (the waterproofness of Proenza Schouler’s tiger print calf hair ones yet to be verified). A glance over the rails at Goodhood shows capacious hoods and reflective strips on parkas aplenty. Even ASOS has its own exclusive collaboration with North Face.It’s not surprising that our love for athleisure has snowballed into a love for performance gear. The seismic cultural shift from the pub into the gym, compounded with extreme weather trends across the planet, means that we need wardrobes that can handle Beasts from the East, floodwater rapids on our cycle to work and Friday nights that wind up with a moving meditation. We need all the track soled, ‘sweat-wicking’, multi-thermal garms we can get.I won't even wear this shrugged off the shoulders, just plain old zipped up to my chin with the hood strings pulled tight. See you later drizzle.performance wear aw18 shopping list grazia2of8I won't even wear this shrugged off the shoulders, just plain old zipped up to my chin with the hood strings pulled tight. See you later drizzle.Admittedly these are slightly ironic thanks to the superfluous buckled harness, but perhaps that detail can be used for hooking onto mountains in climbing activities.The bullet point list of techy features on this jacket (Reflective sleeve patches. Velcro adjustable cuffs) makes my mouth a little dry with excitement. Also, look at it.Because let's be honest I probably won't be getting into those Prada ones any time soon, so these will be my slip resistant winter boots of choice. White for camouflage with the snow.            Be safe, be seen guys. Alo Yoga is my favourite yoga brand and they have made these reflective leggings especially for running from your yoga class to your home before the Deliveroo guy arrives.             Essential for anyone who cycles to work. Can even be worn over pale pink shearling (not practical) which it will completely protect in a storm (practical).  Activewear for the millennial, Aday makes tech pieces for all seasons and movements. Track pants to take you from slobbing to slick without a second thought. The patron saint of functional clothing, the gilet is ready to have its time. A peek of padded tech fabric from underneath a tailored coat is very cool and very warm all at once. 'We have a long way to go before we catch up with the US in our activewear shopping habits’, says Reema Stanbury, founder of boutique gym chain BLOK and buyer for the gym’s shopping rails which are regularly replenished with ADAY, Wang and Les Girls Les Boys. ‘People have long been very price sensitive about functional wear. However, as activewear increasingly becomes every-wear, we are seeing this changing, and people are willing to invest’.From an economical standpoint, it makes much more sense to invest your big bucks in the yoga leggings or track boots you’ll be wearing to and from the gym every week for a year, rather than the wide-cut tailored trousers that turn your legs into straws on a rainy walk to work. Plus, let’s face it, winter is a definite serotonin sapper. Why add to the daily anxiety of endless darkness, running noses and howling winds by putting on clothes that fail to deal with the task in hand? Women, it’s time to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing, end them.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just think, in less time than it takes to write a Tweet, for Bake Off’s commercial break to finish you, for the bloody kettle to boil, you can take in the highlights from the first stop on the fashion month calendar, NYFW. Starting with…Credit: ShutterstockWes Gordon invests dress code clothes with a joyful new spirit in his debut for Carolina Herrera. nyfw ss19 one line reviews2of7Wes Gordon invests dress code clothes with a joyful new spirit in his debut for Carolina Herrera. Prabal: electric, colourful, brilliantly diverse show that paid homage to the Tharu people from Prabal's native Nepal. Colourful lace, whimsical florals, extravagant ruffles and homespun crochets starred in Rodarte's romantic return to New York in a rain soaked east village cemetery. Nicola Glass's debut at Kate Spade: psychedlic 60s prints meets 70s American sportswear. Tibi: Amy Smilovic's cool girl goes to work in slouchy tailoring, sugary shades and flip flops.Escada: working girl tailoring in bright, bold shadesHaute wanderlust at Tory Burch inspired by travels of her parents, Buddy and Reva Robinson. Tunics, tailoring and embellished kaftans - Talitha Getty goes Upper East Side. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After seven days of runway shows running from 9am to 9pm, New York Fashion Week has come to a close. Designers are taking stock of their successes, editors are collating the trends and celebrities are clambering to be the first to wear the spring summer 19 collections. Among the noise - and by golly, there’s been a lot, not just in print and online but across social platforms - it can be difficult to pick the one thing that’s worth investing in, that will define a season and live on as relevant when eventually the autumn winter 19 clothes drop in store. To get a clearer idea of what to care about we asked three experts what they would be buying from the New York Fashion Week shows:Buying: Calvin KleinWhy? 'Arguably one of the most anticipated shows of New York Fashion Week, Calvin Klein did not disappoint. The Jaws tank is a must - I predict this will create a bit of cult following.' Buying: Proenza SchoulerWhy? 'Proenza Schouler – Lazaro Hernandez and Jack McCullough – returned to New York Fashion week with full force, presenting a collection that was lauded by all. It was apparent that their Paris interlude had simply helped refine the duo's creative genius – and their obvious inherent craftsmanship…this concept ran rife with down-to-earth, everyday materials such as denim, cotton and canvas twill, certainly the stuff that constitutes the vast majority of our wardrobes. Acid wash denim came cut into blazers and A-line asymmetric skirts, while trench coats received pictures of New York city strategically placed on the back of jackets, a homage to their return.'Buying: 'I'm cheating and picking two things - Tory Burch's boots and Michael Kors hats.'Why? 'Michael Kors colourful crochet hats are feelgood accessorising at its finest. And, Tory Burch's canvas booties really caught my eye, ditto the orange twin set (who knew?) and embellished kaftan – which is almost worth booking a holiday for in its own right.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I think I can pinpoint the first moment I noticed what’s been dubbed ‘Aspen Yellow’, it was worn by the strikingly beautiful Amal Clooney at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding. Her Stella McCartney dress was of a vivid marigold hue, the same shade that Pantone has named an ’it’ colour for the spring/summer 19 shows.At New York Fashion Week, the first stop on a packed month of ss19 catwalk shows, the collections were soaked in Aspen Gold - so called, I’m guessing because this solid honey shade gilds the furniture, jewellery and lives of those wealthy enough to frequent the luxury ski resort.It might not be such a coincidence that this potent colour washed the runways of Mansur Gavriel, Brandon Maxwell, Marc Jacobs and Oscar de la Renta as the Pantone colour experts included it in their trend-predication pack, which designers for the cool price of $1000 can subscribe to.Credit: GettyZimmermann SS19aspen yellow trend nyfw2of6Zimmermann SS19Hellessy SS19Mansur Gavriel SS19Brandon Maxwell SS19Marc Jacobs SS19Oscar de la Renta SS19Ever since La La Land and Emma Stone’s unforgettable canary dress, yellow’s fashion stock has been on the rise. So popular is the sunshine shade that writer Haley Nahem even coined it Generation Z yellow. Sure the Snapchat logo made a persuasive case for this vivid colour appealing to a younger generation, but from Beyoncé’s Roberto Cavalli ruffled gown in her Lemonade film to Kim Kardashian’s recent fluoro addiction it’s ignorable pop culture pull is blind to age. In fact, yellow it’s many guises seems to be like black, or white, a truly democratic colour.The further translation of yellow into something warmer and softer than it’s previous neon or lemon variations makes a compelling case for Aspen Gold.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kevin Bacon used to be known for his acting, but then Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon came along. Never played it? You must, it’s mind-boggling. This Apollo 13 actor can be linked to any fellow actor - trust me I’ve tried. Meryl Streep? Yes, though too easy. Charlie Chaplin? Yes. Audrey Hepburn? Yes, well you get the picture. It got me thinking, could the same be said about clothes? How do trends and tropes link up? It didn’t take too long before I figured out the line of confluence between Marc Jacob’s just-debuted spring summer 2019 collection, Cheryl Cole and Queen Elizabeth I.Hear me out. It all has to do with a ruffle collar. For spring next year Marc Jacobs posits eighties excess, frills, polka dots and pastel shades will be relevant. Along with the Pierrot collars and fizzy pink hair the label presented frothy party dresses that recalled 80s era Yves Saint Laurent, Chanel and early Lanvin.Ruffles themselves have a curious past. Associated so closely with dressing women as confectionary - for look not purpose - it's hard to tear the concept of this feminine froth away from debutantes and Shirley Temple, Gone With the Wind and Dynasty. Sure, Rodarte and Gucci have reinvented them of late, but really by this point, this flourish had already undergone many transformations. In the 16th Century, it was worn by Spanish soldiers who affixed them to their wrists before the Elizabethan's appropriated them as starched ruffs (Queen Elizabeth I pictured above). Both men and women would wear these stiff collars, but later by the 18th Century, it was just men that would wear frilled neckties, often with dress shirts.  By the early 19th Century designers like Poirret were tailoring traditionally masculine concepts, like trousers and flamboyant collars, into womenswear. Meanwhile, his contemporary Jeanne Lanvin (a design by Jeanne Lanvin is pictured above) was softening fashion to make it more form-skimming. Along with a-symmetric and dropped waist dresses, which were a far cry from structured Victorian clothes of previous years), she used ruffles and frills for decoration. By the 1960s Victoriana was having a resurgence. Think of it as one of the first iterations of a vintage market, when antique clothes were being reappropriated for fashion purposes. This paved the way for Laura Ashley and the dramatic decadence of snaking ruffles and frilled collars of which Aubrey Hepburn wore in My Fair Lady, which was shot in 1964 (pictured above). In the late 1970s, Yves Saint Laurent (spring summer 1979 pictured above) was daringly designing safari suits and tuxedos for women alongside the most girlish of gowns. They had big shoulders, shirring and of course frilled collars. As the 80s dawned this excess grew, and so did the shoulders and ruffles. By March 1981 Princess Diana (pictured) was newly engaged to the would-be King of England. All eyes were on the soon-to-be royal and like the Duchess of Sussex and Duchess of Cambridge now, every sartorial step she made was noted. Here she wore a dramatic ruffled collar. In a single blouse, she conveyed a history of royalty, a knowledge of the contemporary French couture world and a delicate romanticism that recalled Jeanne Lanvin's handiwork. Skip forward to 2011 and two celebrities that could not be further poles apart, Zoey Deschanel and Cheryl, found themselves both wearing a monochrome Victoria Beckham design. Launched three years previously to surprised acclaim, Beckham's line was not just a fashion week fixture but a red carpet mainstay. Modesty and simplicity quickly became the label's calling cards, which were elegantly shown through the architectural ruffle of this peplum dress. Of course, in 2018 Adwoa Aboah would be one step ahead of next spring's trends. At the Serpentine Gallery's summer party in June, she wore a Chanel dress with a matching frilled collar. Simple and yet a sophisticated nod to the generations of ruffled collars before her.Marc Jacobs, spring-summer 2019.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every fashion week has its must-have accessory: last February it was Balenciaga’s Triple S dad sneakers, the season before it was a Rejina Pyo dress. This season it’s Prada.It’s really not a surprise as at the start of New York Fashion Week, right at the beginning of the month of merry-go-round shows, Muccia Prada relaunched her namesake label’s sportier line Prada Linea Rosa, which had sat dormant for years. First introduced in 1997, its reappearance marks a new depth of plumbed try 90s nostalgia.Characterized by its techno-fabrics and heat-sealed red stripe logo, it’s was and is a quietly minimal range. For 2018 it’s been reimagined in an array of new and neon colours and sleek shapes. Years before athletic and leisure had been fused together to make an erring trend, this nylon clad collection made use of sportswear technology to create a water-repellent, high-functioning, ultra-light pieces. What’s so striking is just how modern Muccia’s advances were in 1997 and how impressive they are over two decades later.Post FW launch, it seems the Prada bug went viral and everyone at NYFW has found themselves stitched up in the Italian label’s garms. Flaming heels (another reissued item from the Prada archives), leather clutches and loud shirts mashed up with the label’s iconic heritage prints have become a street style staple over the last seven days. Just see for yourself!prada nyfw ss19 street style2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are a number of reasons to pay attention to New York Fashion Week’s street style. First and foremost, it’s the beginning of a month of non-stop shows with non-stop coverage. By week two we wouldn’t blame you if your attention had drifted. But, here in NY, the trends are still fresh and this is our first look at the newest autumn pieces outside of a catwalk or red carpet setting. Secondly, and not to be discounted, the weather has been wildly erratic over the last seven days in the Big Apple, which means the sartorial limit of the street style set have been tested. Rain has lashed their boots, the wind has swept up their winter coats and umbrellas have even become a fashion statement. And, yet the week hasn’t been short of inspiration and immaculate ensembles in invigorating colour combinations with fascinating (and educational) styling. Here in England where the weather is dippy (at best), this is the sort of street style round-up we need!Credit: Shutterstocknyfw street style ss192of24© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over the last few days at New York Fashion Week Ralph Lauren celebrated 50 years in business, Rodarte and Proenza Schouler returned to the schedule and the weather went from blistering to torrential. Yet, in unexpected news, it’s not been the weather or the reunions, but the catwalk accessories that have got people talking.As the first stop on the month-long Ferris wheel of fashion week’s, New York tends to be the pace setter. The mix of established (Oscar de la Renta and Caroline Herrera) and burgeoning labels (like Sies Marjan, Matthew Adams Dolan and Pyer Moss), as well as anniversary celebrations of Escada (40th), Longchamp (70th) and Ralph Lauren, have made for a busy few days. Yet, among the clatter of champagne glasses and the thunderstorms, the biggest noise has sprung from the eclectic, eccentric accessories on display.Brandon Maxwell’s fedoras, for instance, came enclosed in perspex handbags, which recalled his other witty receptacle, the rose wine bag. At Christian Siriano, straw vanity cases were embroidered with the words ‘It Bag’ to make a not-so-subtle gaff about the state of the luxury handbag market. Meanwhile, at Nolcha, which is a showcase for younger labels, ACID NYC made tasty treats out of supersized strawberry evening bags, cross-body dumplings and sushi roll duffle bags.Comedy aside, sunglasses (like the blown-up lens at Kate Spade), turbans (Cushie) and rope accessories (as a belt at Claudia Li and handle to a supple slouchy tote at Proenza Schouler) also made a strong statement.Credit: ShutterstockBrandon Maxwellss19 nyfw accessories - grazia2of16Brandon MaxwellBrandon MaxwellV FilesThe BlondsAcid NYCAcid NYCAcid NYCChristian SirianoProenza SchoulerProenza SchoulerHellessy Tom FordKate SpadeKate SpadeCushnieZimmermannThe takeaway? Next spring keep the outfit simple and the accessories conversation starters.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As New York Fashion Week comes to a close we reflect on everything we learned during the spring summer 2019 shows. And, honestly (no click-bait here), it wasn't what we were expecting.Credit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: ShutterstockCredit: Shutterstock© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The autumn winter fashion shows came at a time when the world was engulfed by  #TimesUp and #MeToo. Naturally, the first runway shows showcasing autumn fashion since the Weinstein scandal offered up differing takes on the new climate, with some shying away from it, others offering up tried-and-tested statements on empowerment and others making bold statements with their clothes. What resulted was a season of multiple trends, largely positive in feel, with plenty of pieces that women will actually want to wear. So what will autumn fashion look like next season? From the new power skirt suit to the evolution of the legging from leisurewear to glamwear, these are the six trends that we are the most excited about wearing come autumn.Leggings got a glam makeover for autumn/winter 2018, with everyone's favourite loungewear cast in sequins, animal print and wet-look leather for a look that is more going out than working out. Tom Ford was the undisputed ringleader in this respect, sending the most outré versions down his catwalk, while Alexander Wang's were more sport-inflected and Victoria Beckham's flattering and practical, with Saint Laurent's the most grown-up of the pack, being a hybrid between leggings and slim-fit cigarette pants. The leopard print renaissance begun in New York, with unlikely champion Victoria Beckham showing one of the most talked about items of the week, a lightweight classic leopard print mac with belted waist and elegant midi-length. Elsewhere, designers opted for more wild takes on the trend (please excuse the pun), with Tom Ford in particular going for a more-is-more glamorous aesthetic with a sequinned red tux. Carolina Herrera took the theme one step further, including a big cat print on some of her dresses, although out favourite look was an elegant snow leopard print collarless coat in white. Christopher Kane, Simone Rocha and Fendi all opted for a high shine finish for autumn/winter 2018, with trousers, jackets and skirts all squeaking down the runway. At Christopher Kane, black patent leather was teamed with a muted colour palette of beige tones, while at Simone Rocha it was all about the one patent piece – namely an olive-green mac, with balloon sleeves and embroidery detail. Fendi also favoured a glossy finish for its raincoats and puffa jackets, as well as knee-high boots, miniskirts and bags, all in the classic Fendi check. Following on from last season, designers were continuing to look to the American outdoors for inspiration, and specifically the Wild Wild West to make America great again. At Coach, Stuart Vevers created Seventies-inflected ankle-grazing prairie dresses with tassel and leather details fit for a cowgirl; Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini's dresses were more buttoned-up, with Edwardian collars and ruffles; while the king of Western fashion, Calvin Klein, sent his models down the runway in floor-skimming tiered skirts in gingham and lace, styled with a jumper over the top. Power dressing made a comeback this season, perhaps inspired by the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements, or maybe just because fashion is cyclical. At Eckhaus Latta, the look was oversized and masculine, as if you had borrowed your significant other's tux instead of his shirt; at Dion Lee the shape was more slim-cut and flattering, while at Area it was tweed and prim, with matching gloves. Our favourite was probably the LBTD – that's the little black tux dress – at Milly, which we can see ourselves rocking from boardroom to bedroom easily. Last season, every influencer and editor on the front row wore a checked tweed blazer; this season, that has translated to the catwalk, with the heritage fabric making a quiet comeback. The Olsen twins used it to make long pleated skirts with matching jackets, while at Calvin Klein, granddad style coats were contrasted with floor-skimming pretty dresses. Meanwhile at Prada, tweed was used as a foil to fluorescent and digital prints, and was seen in bandeau dresses, mid-length coats and cropped trouser and top combos. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ten years ago if you asked us if we’d ever retire our skinny jeans we would have side-eyed you and said no. But a lot has changed in the last decade. Indie died, Grime came back and the drainpipe was replaced with the mom jean (high-waist, crotchy and straight-legged). We don’t have to tell you that fashion is a constantly redefining itself, replacing and restitching the most ‘in’ designs with the most unexpected trends. Take the rise of the kitten heel, for instance, who saw that coming? And, while skinny and mom jeans will never be 100 per cent out of style, they have been temporarily trumped by four new denim trends for autumn winter 2018.Craving something totally new? Try the dad jean. With a straight wide leg, they are like something Steve Carrell might have worn in Crazy Stupid Love before Ryan Gosling gave him the mother of all makeovers. Sure you can probably find some in a middle-America Gap outlet, but if authenticity isn’t a deal breaker then look to Warehouse and Topshop.Double denim this season comes in the form of a boiler suit. Just like a jumpsuit, but with a utilitarian edge and a lot less fitted, it works best with a polo neck snuck underneath or a silk scarf around the neck. If that’s not enough jean-on-jean for you then consider the patchwork trend, which makes a reappearance this fall. Stitched with 70s references, it’s this year’s take on distressed denim.It’s not that indigo jeans have fallen out of favour per se, but white denim feels a little cooler this winter. Pick a slightly off shade, like ivory or cream and a silhouette that’s a little edgy, say with frayed hems or contrast stitching, to move past this style’s tacky rep. We’ve got our eye on the Gabi from Whistles, but don’t miss out Finery’s hot take either© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is something profoundly appealing about a label that matches sparing simplicity, expert construction with fashion forwardness. We thought we hit the jackpot when Phoebe Philo was designing Celine. Though nothing so far says we won’t have the same sensation with Hedi Slimane now at the reigns of the fashion house, however, with Philo’s on hiatus, we’ve been on the hunt for a new label that spares us the panic of trend-first fashion and counters the dirty fix of the cheap duds with expert construction and subtly. As far as footwear goes, no label fits the bill quite like Neous.Stylist Vanessa Antonius and her dear friend the designer Alan Buanne marry modernist construction and the undeniable quality of Italian craftsmanship with their label Neous. Founded just a little over three-years-ago, it’s competitively priced for a small-scale luxury label - shoes start at £395 - but that’s not why it’s exploded over the street style scene. The spherical orb heels and 60s mod ankle boots can transform the simplest of ensembles.These eight shoes prove that minimalism isn’t dead, at least not in our wardrobe!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We put a lot of work into our careers, but often so little thought goes into our workwear. The focus, understandably, is on finding efficient outfits that adhere to the tricky unspoken rules of the office but don’t blend into the furniture of the boardroom. No judgement, but that crisp white shirt and tailored trouser probably won't make you stand out (for the right or wrong reasons).Credit: Instagram/@_jeanettemadsen_Credit: Instagram/@emilisindlevCredit: Instagram/@thestylestalkerCredit: Instagram/@daniellevanierCredit: Instagram/@emilisindlevAs the kids go back to school, shelve your summer uniform and consider updating your 9-to-5 ensemble with interesting new items. Architectural shoes and strong sculptural silhouettes make an easy win, but if you’re looking for something more directional take note of what these five women are wearing…5 Outfits To Try At Work This WeekYou Have The Job - Here's What You Should Wear (This Week)5 Ways To Make Your Workwear More Exciting © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Don’t know Kitri? You’re missing out. Think of this digital-born fashion label as the sartorial offspring of Finery and Whistles. Filling in your wardrobe’s workwear gaps without missing a trend beat and designing the type of dress that will get you stopped in the street and asked ‘where did you get that?’ No wonder they have elicited 800-strong waiting lists for one item.For a label not restricted by the standard fashion calendar, Kitri is able to fill its digital shop floor with items that don’t need to sit slickly together on a catwalk, which means for the label’s clever founder and designer Haeni Kim is able to serve up delicious and electric options. All the shapes that are pre-requisite for a modern women’s wardrobe are present and accounted for, like jumpsuits and wrap dresses, midi skirts and shirtsSure, you can wear Kitri tip-to-toe, but we like to think of this as a label to dip in and out with, to style with those Topshop jeans or pull on with a pair of Neous heels.Core to Kitri concept is reimagining the fast fashion market. Each item is essentially limited edition as its produced in such small quantities, which means there’s not much time to mull over new purchases. That coveted dress will likely turn up on one of its cult follower’s Instagram accounts (like Laura Jackson or Charlotte Groeneveld) and inevitably sell out in seconds. Act fast if you fancy any of these latest items...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Often spotted draped over the shoulder of an off-duty A Lister, or precariously placed beside an aesthetically pleasing (and, most likely, luke-warm) latte on an influencers Instagram feed, Gucci's Marmont Mini is the undisputed queen of the cross-body bags. A luxe little rectangle of soft, quilted leather adorned with the house's signature double-G and an elegant, yet ever practical, chain-detailed strap. But this perfect accessory comes with a not-so-purse-friendly price tag.The Gucci GG Marmont Camera bag will set you back £760 on Net-A-Porter to be exact, which will involve some serious saving and lifestyle adjustments from most of us to justify as a payday treat.Although rarely delivering the same luxe quality, or artful designs as the designer real deal, the high street's commitment to churning out dupes of our favorite high end pieces quenches our thirst for a quick fashion fix on a budget. And Primark's latest contribution does not disappoint.After showcasing three new bags on their Instagram account, it's the quilted, red style - which bares a striking resemblance to the Marmont Mini - that money-savvy fashionista's flocking to Primark.Of course, on close inspection Primark's 'dupe' - priced at £6 - isn't quite the carbon copy you may be hoping for. Aside from the obvious lack of the Gucci trademark, the quilting detail is different and it's likely the bag is not real leather.But with the same bold red and luxe-looking gold detailing, and a little help from some strategic arm placement and some clever filtering, you could fool your Instagram followers into thinking it was the real deal. And for £754 less than the original, it's still a pretty nice bag.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)When it comes to interiors shopping, we’re always on the hunt for affordable new pieces that will make our Pinterest board of dreams a reality. The latest collection to catch our attention? Laura Ashley.Founded in 1953, the iconic brand is one of the world’s most-loved creators of home furnishings. Famed for its floral prints, classic furniture and talking-point accessories, chances are there’s a piece of Laura Ashley already somewhere in your home.For AW18, Laura Ashley has created Editions, a collection celebrating the best of the brand with a contemporary twist.Inspired by the elegant simplicity of mid-century style, the collection of furniture, lighting, wallpaper, bedding, gifts and home accessories are in an eye-catching colour palette of yellows, blues, millennial pink and steel grey.We are especially in love the Russell and Newton upholstery range and the selection of on-trend mid-century furniture, that has been given a contemporary finish with a lick of pale steel paint. To top it off, the wallpaper's clean lines and muted colours, whilst bold and graphic, retain the soft Laura Ashley florals we know and love.Check out the collection in the gallery below...Laura Ashley2of22© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I looked across the gym one morning and between the grunts of barbel-lifting men I noticed something, I was the only one wearing black. Black leggings, black vest top, black sports bra and even black socks to go with my - you guessed it - black trainers. To the left of me, a lady in her thirties was wearing fluoro so bright Kim Kardashian would be envious and to the right a woman not much older than I was stretching out in a hypnotic pair of printed leggings. Even the grunting men had moved on from monotone singlets and sweatpants.The fitness industry has a myopic view of beauty. It doesn’t allow for curves and rolls just muscle and leanness. With elastane stretched thin across thighs or contorted into a sports bra, the sartorial language of sportswear champions the confident. For those who are just starting out on their fitness journey or are simply not at ease with their body, there is no place to hide in this world of luridly bright Lyrca. toes to the sky #secndntureA post shared by  SECNDNTURE (@secndnture) on Sep 4, 2018 at 12:02pm PDTMuch progress has been made in the name of diversity within fashion and beauty - it’s not just that more women of colour are cover stars but runways and advertising campaigns are no longer off-limits to plus size models. Yet, the fitness industry was failing to keep pace.Sportswear brands occupy a rarified space as not just specialist retailers with international reach, but thanks to the growth of the athleisure market, they can now compete alongside luxury brands. Nike and adidas were named above Louis Vuitton, Cartier and Gucci on the list of ‘most valuable’ apparel brands by a recent Brand Finance study. Yet, for many years they plaid a willing ignorance of the curvy pound only catering for the already slim. Nike, Puma and adidas were some of the first mainstream gymwear labels to tap into the plus-size market (which in 2017 was valued at £6.6bn) by casting models like Paloma Elssesser and Naomi Shimada and extending their sizing.According to LIKEtoKNOW.it, an app that makes social media shoppable, there has been a 234% increase in consumers searching for plus-size influencers (Feb - July 2018). Particular spikes were noticed in conjunction with British social media stars Callie Thorpe and Grace Victory. Instagram has helped democratise fashion, but now it’s up to sportswear to democratise it’s sizing.As Mintel’s senior fashion analyst, Tamara Sender points out, there’s no point catering paying lip service to a community by purely featuring their champions in advertisements and having a handful of products in store points out. ‘Increased availability of plus and petite sizes is in high demand among women, and while many of the clothing specialists already offer specific ranges, these can be quite limited and are often merchandised in separate areas in-store,' told us. Instead, retailers could consider expanding the variety of styles offered and displaying the ranges throughout the shop floor, intertwined with the main trend stories using identifiable rails or labels, so that plus and petite-size buyers do not feel restricted to one area in-store.’ASOS 4505Sizes: 4-32plus size activewear brands - grazia2of6ASOS 4505Sizes: 4-32SECNDNTURESizes: XS-XXLFableticsSizes: XXS-XXLSimply be.Sizes: 12-32Good American:Sizes: XS-XXXXLNikeSizes: 4-32Some brands are making strides. Just this week the model Jordan Woods launched a new 24-piece size-inclusive activewear line. Called SECNDNTRE (that’s pronounced ‘second nature’ in case you’re wondering), it goes from XS to XXL.Likewise, Khloe Kardashian’s brand Good American has debuted a sportswear line, which is designed to fit XS to 4XL.‘We fit every garments on two fit models, a size 4 and a size 16 in order to ensure that the item looks flattering on multiple body types’, Good American’s co-founder Emma Grede explains, ‘Then, before the fitted garment goes into production, we try the item on a focus group of real women representing all eight of the sizes (0-7 or XS – 4X) and ask them for their honest feedback.’One thing Grede has noticed is that to accomplish the right fit for the curvier end of the market, certain elements need to be changed. For instance, customer feedback has found that on the top end of their sizing their shoppers prefer to reveal less skin so their leggings sit one inch higher than most on the market and their sports bras and crop tops fall half an inch lower. Additionally, she adds, ‘we’ve designed our bras with varying levels of coverage including triple fabric layering techniques allowing for maximum support if you’re a bit more busty’. Knock ‘em dead 👊 @preciousleexoxo of the #goodsquad in The Curve Sculpt Jumpsuit. Shop activewear edited with your body in mind, now on goodamerican.com #OurBodyOurJourney #goodsquadA post shared by  GOOD AMERICAN (@goodamerican) on Aug 31, 2018 at 5:00pm PDTSimilarly, ASOS’ 4505 range, which launched last year with a full range of sizes available from day dot, didn’t just extend its range but considered how the curvier consumer wants to feel and look in their designs. Luke Moorhead, ASOS 4505 designer, explains, ‘we consider many details across our ASOS 4505 inclusive ranges to enable the best possible fit by making elastic waists wider and drawcords added to leggings so that customers have full autonomy with their garments. We also considered sleeve lengths and legging lengths as well as necklines.’It’s not as simple as just buying more spandex and adding more sizes, the plus-size customer shouldn’t be an afterthought. For so long as the sportswear market existed there was always a Catch 22 - to get fit you had to be able to already fit into the standard size range. But, now it finally feels like the tide is turning.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We want you to get into the spirit of self-gifting, because we all treat others, but we deserve to treat ourselves, too. Whether you're celebrating a big win (that long-awaited promotion) or a little win (a good hair day!), you should find a reason to celebrate and treat yourself to a stylish new wardrobe addition. And if you can't find a reason, we'll give you one!Join Grazia at kate spade new york's UK flagship store Regent St, to discover the new season’s collection in style and find the perfect accessory to celebrate you!This season's collection is inspired by America’s beautiful prairies and has embraced the pioneering spirit with sophisticated, utilitarian fabrics and details. In particular, we've coveting the Marci chain strap shoulder bag with its snake print and earth tones, cheerywood and ginger tea - utterly perfect for Autumn.So if you're feeling in the mood to update your fashion collection (and let's face it: when are we all not?), this exclusive event is your chance to do so, because we're treating you to 20% off full priced items.Head down to the kate spade new york Regent Street store on the 13th September for drinks and snacks, bespoke manicures, a chance to win a bespoke 'Make it Mine' kate spade new york bag, and, of course, the opportunity to make the most of that special discount. Plus, with any purchase you'll also receive an exclusive goody bag to take home. Ooh la la!Date: 6-9pm, Thursday 13th September, 2018Location: kate spade new york, 182 Regent Street, London, W1To come along to this free event, please RSVP to ukmarketing@katespade.com with your full name and the name of your guests (up to 2 per RSVP). We look forward to seeing you there.In the meantime, feast your eyes on all of the chic kate spade new york pieces you'll be able to shop at the event...Grazia Selects kate spade new york AW20182of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Much like the nineties trends that came before (think scrunchies, ugly trainers and double denim), it was only time until cycling shorts had their high fashion makeover.Loved by the Kardashians, the Hadids, and, of course, Princess Diana, cycling shorts have been dominating our Insta feed of late.One pair that’s been making a regular appearance comes from iconic British brand, Burberry.The classic black cycling shorts with a Burberry branded elastic band tap into our current penchant for both athleisure and logomania.According to Glamour UK, the shorts in question have been so popular that fashion retailer Browns have sold out of the item multiple times over. Considering they cost a spenny £230 this is no mean feat. However, in an age where an £2 Ikea bag can be sold by Balenciaga for £1,672, nothing in the fashion world now seems impossible.Committed Burberry fans can even purchase the matching sports bra (£150) for a workout look that’s sure to make a statement.If not, take your cue from the street style set and wear the shorts with a mac, or for a trend-led take, style with an open plaid shirt or mac.New stock is selling first so if you want to snap up this cult item you better move fast.Shop them here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Imagine walking down the aisle and feeling the buzz of your phone vibrating. Imagine no more as wedding dresses now come with pockets. No longer limited to just bouquets, brides now have ample space to carry loose change and keys to the alter.It seems so unremarkable, especially as if there's a groom he'll likely have not just trouser, but an inside blazer pocket in his suit. Yet, the it was The Times today that noted there is an increase of wedding gowns with the pockets. ‘While in the old days it would have been considered bad mannered, now, a bride can stand in a £6,000 dress, hands in pockets’, Maria Yiammikaris, the co-owner of bridal boutique Mirror Mirror Couture told the paper, ‘Society has changed and everything’s got a lot more casual’.No doubt, the pocket is political. Though a recent study by the American website The Pudding revealed that women’s jeans pockets were smaller (by 48 per cent) and narrower (by 6.5 per cent) than men’s, it’s long been known that the humble adornment is a gendered matter. Some argue women’s hands are smaller or that women prefer handbags. But, this is obviously wrong.At the Chanel spring Couture show, women unburdened by the swing of a chain handbag as their hands were occupied by pockets. But, this was abnormal as so often women’s outfits are designed to skim the form, to fall flat, which means pockets are out of the question. Just ask Hilary Clinton who famously wears suits that omit this singular detail. In 1954, Christian Dior summed it up when he said: ‘Men have pockets to keep things in, women for decoration.’ This idea of who deserves pockets has long haunted women’s fashion. It’s a feminist issue, one that symbolizes the concept of being merely the ‘fairer’ sex.The addition of the pocket onto a bridal gown may seem like a designer attempting to be different, but perhaps this is a watershed moment.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Of all the elements of our day-to-day lives that are superfluous fights of fancy (daily lattes, chia puds and Ubers come to mind) a handbag is not one of them. At its barest bones, it’s practical. That said, my bank balance is willing me to stop swooning over the newest Dior saddle bag and Prada nylon rucksacks. Sadly, these temptingly fashionable attaches are annoyingly out of budget for someone with the aforementioned daily latte habits of someone on a Hollywood salary.As the new season comes calling there is an alternative to dropping a month’s pay on one singular yet delicious bag. Like with clothes, there’s been a lot of momentum in the mid-market bracket - brands like Ganni and Kitri have willed fashion into a more affordable range and in the process opened our eyes to see that there is something delicious in between the expensive luxury of a designer accessory and the quick dirty fix of the high street. Take the American label Staud for instance, or the British rising star Rejina Pyo, both have concocted original, inventive bags for winter for under £400 that aren’t just in keeping with the current trends but leading them.On the topic of trends, there’s four we think you ought to know about. Starting with colour block. If the last few seasons have been led by maximalism and extravagance (thanks Gucci), there’s a certain refinement to the eccentricity of AW18 that comes from big washes of bold colours and creative clashing of prints. Hence our keenest to carry a painted geometric accessory.Next, is mock croc. Already the office is gripped by the craze for silk slips skirts printed with leopard spots and tiger stripes. Having emerged as a key trend for the coming season, this is the next natural steps in brooding the jungle horizons.At the opposite end of the spectrum lies two more trends that steer a little subtler. One being chain straps and the other handsome handles. For the latter, the focus is on sculptural construction and the former is about fascinating hardware.With price points starting at £24 don’t feel pressured into picking a single handbag personality for autumn. Me? I’ll probably be buying all four.Colour Blockautumn winter 2018 bag trends2of16Colour BlockMock CrocHandsome Handles Off-The-Chain© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We're calling it: the right pair of jeans can make you feel sexier, more confident and happier. It's no wonder that denim has never gone out of fashion, then. But finding the right pair of jeans to fit your body and your mood is no easy feat - but definitely not impossible.Dorothy Perkins' new inclusive range of denim (which is available in sizes 4-28) has made it oh-so-easy to find the perfect pair of jeans, and we couldn't be happier. We are coveting these mood-boosting styles, there really is something for everyone and every occasion. So see which versatile denim styles Grazia are coveting this season, below...Credit: Bailey Jeans, £25 from Dorothy PerkinsNeed to feel confident about nailing that interview or bagging that all-important promotion? The skinny Bailey jeans will see you through. Style this mid-rise denim with heels and a tucked in blouse for an instant confidence boost.Credit: Lyla Jeans, £22 from Dorothy PerkinsAfter the perfect first date outfit that'll help you ooze sophistication but also sex appeal? Look to high-waisted jeans for help. Pair this sleek skinny Lyla pair with heels and a pretty printed shirt, and you'll be guaranteed to have heads turning.Credit: Frankie Jeans, £22 from Dorothy PerkinsFact: the right pair of jeans can make you feel h-a-p-p-y. Why? Because when you finally find one that fits right, you look good, and that in turn makes you feel good. Look for a classic pair that's versatile enough to wear to work, for dinner with friends or out-and-about on the weekend. Think a mid-rise, skinny style, like the Frankie Jeans from Dorothy Perkins.Credit: Darcy Jeans, £25 from Dorothy PerkinsBeing fearless starts with your personal style. Stand out from the crowd with some ankle-grazing Darcy jeans that boast a fierce five pocket detail, and pair them with a brightly coloured top and trainer for off-duty chic. Flattering and daring? Check and check!Credit: Eden Jeans, £20 from Dorothy PerkinsWho said you have to compromise on style when you want to feel comfy? You don't, thanks to the super soft Eden jeggings from Dorothy Perkins. The soft, stretch material will leave you feeling snug while you hit the streets in style. It's a win-win.Credit: Shape & Lift Jeans, £35 from Dorothy PerkinsWhen you need that little pick-me-up, feel-good boost, look to the Shape & Lift jeans for help. The special LYCRA®BEAUTY stretch and flattering back seams will enhance your silhouette and your mood.Shop these denim styles in-store and online at Dorothy Perkins. #DPDenim© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...RIXO's latest collaboration will see the print-focused label of the moment team up with one of their biggest cheerleaders, TV presenter Laura Jackson, for a collection that will be available to shop exclusively at Net-a-Porter from 24th September.The brand's full collection with Jackson, who can regularly be spotted wearing their trademark hyper-feminine, boldly patterned designs, will be unveiled later this month at RIXO's London Fashion Week presentation (their first on the official show schedule), along with their forthcoming S/S'19 range and their first accessories line.In an interview with Vogue, co-founders Orlagh McCloskey and Henrietta Rixo revealed that they’d worked with Jackson to create new prints that especially resonated with her, with lemons and shells reflecting a trip to the Amalfi Coast and a surrealist face print inspired by the work of Pablo Picasso and Salvador Dali. Along with dresses, bags and skirts, the line will also include a bag and even a scrunchie. The campaign imagery, which was shot around London, is the work of Jackson's photographer husband, Jon Gorrigan.Posting a first look photo on her Instagram account, showing her wearing the face print dress from the collaboration, Jackson wrote: 'I am so so excited for everyone to see what I’ve been working on for the past year and I can’t wait to see you all in the pieces! I’ve been a HUGE RIXO fan for many years so this feels very special.'As RIXO's designers put in it on their official Instagram account, 'all will be revealed soon'; in the mean time, we'll be waiting impatiently for what is surely set to be a sell out collection.Credit: Instagram/@collegevintage2work wear winter autumn inspiration2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you thought the royal wedding generated buzz, think again. Instagram royalty, Chiara Ferragni marrying Italian rapper Federico Leonardo ‘Fedez’ Lucia generated over 12 million likes. And, there's no doubt that it's in part because of the bride's not one but two custom Dior creations.For the ceremony, which took place in a 19th-century palazzo in Sicily, the Blonde Salad blogger wore a high-necked, long-sleeve crochet and tulle gown. As she was escorted down the aisle by her father, Marco Ferragni, the skirt’s semi-sheer layers revealed a thoroughly modern twist: the base layer was a romper. 'I wanted it to be simple but timeless, and romantic and feminine at the same time', Chiara said. As for her hair? It was loosely reminiscent of the Duchess of Sussex’s nuptial do' with a low chignon and wisps falling gently by her face.‘Inspired by the savoir-faire and crafts of Italy, while reflecting the bride’s radiant energy and modern character, the wedding dress itself was composed of a bustier and a skirt along pure lines. This unique design required 400 meters of fabric and more than 1,600 hours of work in the ateliers at 30 Avenue Montaigne,' Dior announced in a press release.After the service, the guests made their way to the reception while Chiara changed into her second look. Referencing Chiuri’s first work at Dior, and her work previously at Valentino, the second dress was a ballgown intricately embroidered with whimsical iconography. Each stitched embellishment referenced the newlywed’s relationship, including song lyrics by Fedez. It was ‘conceived as a celebration of her meeting her husband’, Dior said, adding that it ‘was embroidered with motifs and words that evoked the couple’s shared history. Among these were emblems of the cities in which they had lived together, along with a little lion, symbolizing their son Leone.’When dinner ended and the dancing began (as well as a private carnival for the invitees), the influencer changed into her final ensemble of the evening. For her final hurrah before the night came to a close, Chiara wore swapped the full-length skirt for a shorter frothy tulle miniskirt for a ballet-inspired look.See: Chiara Ferragni and Fedez's Magical WeddingCredit: DiorDior Chiara Ferragni wedding dresses2of9'Maria Grazia is a wonderful designer, I have admired and worn her creations for Dior since her first collection for the House', Chiara explains, 'As a woman I feel like we have a great bond. We are women at different stages of our working and personal lives, but we both share the same values and the same passion for empowering young girls. We’ve been supporting each other for a while now and we were both very excited when we met the first time.'Dior is the most iconic, timeless couture house in all the history of fashion. It is a symbol of French culture, handcraft and luxury, everything that I as a woman can dream of.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With unspoken rules to adhere to, dressing for the office can feel like the first task of your working day. So often the most stylish women stick to a fashion formula, but it does open you up to that dreaded sartorial rut. Wearing the same thing day-in-day-out will go from feeling chic and uniform to boring and uninspiring if it’s not updated every so often. Give that white shirt and navy trouser combo a much-needed break and get excited by your Monday-to-Friday with a new fashion formula we’d like you to consider. Challenge yourself by adopting the chic separates, impeccable styling and sleek tailoring of the most stylish women on Instagram. Sure, their creative careers allow them to show their personality with more panache than a boardroom might be real for but notice how easily they integrate pattern, colour and proportions for instant outfit gratification.Credit: Instagram/@collegevintage2work wear winter autumn inspiration2of205 Outfits To Try At Work This Week5 Ways To Make Your Workwear More ExcitingYou Have The Job - Here's What You Should Wear (This Week)){:target=_blank}© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...She’s an actress, singer, the most popular person on Instagram (141 million followers and counting) and now Selena Gomez’s status as America’s sweetheart for Gen Z has been confirmed, as the multi-hyphenate turns designer for all-American mega-brand Coach. This week, Selena unveils her debut ready-to-wear collection for the house, following the sell-out bag capsule she created for the brand last year.It’s a perfect match. ‘I think Selena’s the ultimate Coach girl. She’s smart and beautiful. She’s really charming and she has a warmth about her that’s really special,’ says Stuart Vevers, the brand’s creative director, who collaborated closely with Selena on the project.But above that, he puts her appeal down to her authenticity. ‘She speaks to a generation, she’s honest.’ Despite Selena’s particularly heady level of fame, the design process was intimate. ‘I think people have this perception, because it’s Selena and Coach, that there are rooms full of people discussing things, but to start with it was just me and her chatting,’ says Stuart. ‘We connected creatively.’Since working together and collaborating creatively, the 26-year-old Texan and 44-year-old Yorkshireman have formed a firm friendship and often go out together following the Coach catwalk shows in New York.This authenticity translates into the clothes themselves, which were inspired by what Selena actually wanted to wear. ‘She’s grown up, she’s had different phases with her style,’ says Stuart. Her directive was a high/low mix. ‘She was like, “I want to have that dressy look, I want that sparkle – but I also want to wear it with sneakers, or throw a hoodie over that dress.” I found that very interesting, very modern.’ The result is an eclectic collection, which fuses contrasting elements with enviable cool girl ease: a pretty vintage-style slip designed to be worn with a chunky cardigan, a hoodie in a sweet lilac shade, a badass leather biker with colourful accents. In other words, the way most of us want to dress now – a bit of this,a bit of that, and a whole load of attitude.Naturally, bags are also a highlight of the collection, which sees the introduction of two new styles. Tying the range together are the words “Not Perfect. Always Me”. In Selena’s handwriting, the mantra is woven throughout the collection and serves as a motto for modern life as much as a logo for the collection. ‘In today’s world and especially in my generation – and I feel like any major artist would say this – you don’t need make-up, it is just fun, you don’t need particular clothes to be cool, you don’t need to do anything but be you. And I feel like I felt those outside pressures my whole life,’ Selena explains.‘So it is important for me to always create some sort of detail where there is just a little kindness on their bag. Where they can pick up and it will read “Not Perfect. Always Me” because perfection doesn’t exist. People fight for it and that can be dangerous.’Stuart is similarly disinterested in perfection and instead prefers to keep things surprising. He certainly has form choosing unexpected collaborations; during his Coach tenure he has teamed up with everyone from Mickey Mouse and Rodarte to Gary Baseman and Keith Haring’s estate. That unpredictability is important. ‘They’re all so different, so unique in their own way and for me that’s the interesting tension – people never know what they’re going to see next.’Indeed, with Selena swerving into design territory, might we ever see Stuart try his hand at singing? ‘You never know,’ he laughs. ‘Why not?’ Watch this space.This article originally appeared in Grazia Magazine - on newstands now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s not easy looking perfect, but when you’re in line to be the Queen it’s the only option. The Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, has used her seven years of royal life to finesse a few hacks that help avoid any mishaps in the public eye.While Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, may be able to get away with a messy bun and the odd bra strap on show, Kate (for better or worse) is held to a higher standard. If you’d like to look as flawless as this royal family member, then you need to live by these rulesReportedly the royal sisters-in-law like to wear Spanx to increase static to decrease the risk of their clothes flying up. Myka Meier, the founder of Beaumont Etiquette, told The Sun, 'Often they wear body suits and clothes that actually increase static so it's much harder for something to fly up. So you have an undergarment that is almost like a body suit that is one tactic that is used'. To ensure Marilyn Monroe moments are few and far between, Meier has suggested that royals sew weights into the hem of their skirt to stop them flying up. Hidden beneath the royal foot is a £5 hack that helps Kate keep her heels in place. Avid style watchers of this royal will know she is rarely without hosiery. The reason for this may be her penchant for a style of John Lewis non-slip tights that have built-in sticky pads, which not only stop shoes slipping off the feet but will add a soupcon of padding beneath the sole. Meanwhile, Meghan Markle is rumoured to wear shoes a size too big to stop them rubbing and causing blisters. Though trends come and go, pillbox hats, headbands and fascinators have remained Kate's preferred choice of headwear. As a royal, she is obliged to wear hats more than your regular person and with this, in mind, she's picked three styles that not only stay in place (with the assistance of a comb or elastic), to ensure they never slip out of place but also are comfortable for a full days wear. And, when the opportunity does come to remove them, the likely chance of hat hair is very slim, or so it's been suggested. It's not just for lunch ladies anymore as the Duchess has done wonders to reinvent the hairnet. To be certain her updo's don't move this royal has been known to wear a super fine, nearly transparent hairnet that blends seamlessly with her dark hair colouring. It's a well-known fact that Kate likes to 'shop' her wardrobe and re-wear certain favoured pieces. However, to keep things feeling fresh she tends to update to recreate, by which we mean she'll buckle-up an old coat with a new belt for a different spin. Chipped nails look sloppy, which might explain why Kate's favoured nail varnish is so close to nude that one would struggle to tell if a little has flaked away. It's been reported that the Queen's favourite shade is Essies' pale blush Ballet Slippers polish, which just so happens to be the same as Kate. You might have noticed that the Duchess has a penchant for coat dresses. It's been said that this is down to etiquette as it is seen as unladylike for a woman of Kate's status to be seen disrobing in public, no matter how sophisticated her outfit beneath is. On a smaller scale, one could argue we have all been a diplomatic dresser at one time or another. While Kate may choose to wear the colours of a country or a local designer from whichever nation-state she is visiting at the time, I myself have been known to wear the sweater my grandmother knitted me only in her presence. While not all of us have access to Sarah Burton or Emilia Wickstead, Kate's affection for a small pool of labels and dressmakers means she has a strong relationship with the people who make her clothes. Therefore, she can be sure they always fit just right. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Alongside their excellent underwear, sandwiches and pig shaped sweets, Marks & Spencer also has a knack for nailing cult new-season pieces. Each sartorial period can be marked a sell-out M&S piece from the pink coat to that leather midi, and most recently, a polka dot jumpsuit.Loved by a string of Insta-influencers (including Erica Davies and Tracey Lea Sayer), this navy jumpsuit sold out in record time when it went on sale earlier this summer.Hardly surprising when you consider it ticks off three trends in one - polka dots, flash stripes and puffed sleeves - and offers a supremely flattering fit. Plus, most excitingly, it costed a bargain £39.50.Now, the jumpsuit is back, and to celebrate this mega moment they’ve introduced a mini-me version. The high street giant have created a kids alternative ideal for any budding fashionistas, or mothers looking to add to their co-ordinating wardrobes.Available in ages 3 to 16 and priced from just £20, you’ll want to move fast if you want to get in on the action. If you don’t have a mini-me to dress, and missed out on the original earlier this year, this is also your moment to join the jumpsuit club.Shop the adult jumpsuit here and the kids version here.Go, go, go...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Global warming may have exacerbated the problem, but the retail calendar is out of whack. It’s August and winter’s coats have just landed in store, along with the rest of the new season’s trends.I don’t know about you, but I am done with my summer clothes. The heat wave allowed me to live out my cotton clad and wafty linen dreams, but then it came to an abrupt end and I’ve had no clue how to dress since.We’re in limbo. The leaves have yet to turn, which means it’s still summer, but the sun has gone, so what season are we in? And despite the miserable weather today, it looks like it's going to get hot again before the end of the week, making the whole thing even more confusing. And, now, as I mentioned, to double down on the conundrum, the newest, most alluring clothing is filtering into stores.Click on Net-A-Porter and I see knee-high boots winking at me, turn left to ASOS and suddenly my screen is filled with fluffy jumpers and corduroy trousers. This just can’t do, it won’t do. There’s no way I can take on my commute - a steamy tube and sticky bus ride - wearing double-layered cashmere. Or is there? As fashion week’s start kicking off around the world, starting in Copenhagen, popping up in Stockholm and Oslo, the style set is already trying out the newest looks. Weather be damned, we’re going to copy them.Credit: ShutterstockIt looked like London Zoo was let loose on the winter catwalks, except all those snake, leopard and zebra prints were fake. In this wild, wild world, one pattern is not enough, double the ante with a (lookalike) cowhide bag, a (fake) snakeskin mule and a tiger (printed) dress. When winter comes, go full faux with a leopard print coat. Credit: ShutterstockWe're all over the incoming boiler suit trend. It's not just for electricians and plumbers anymore as Glossier's staff famously where millennial pink jumpsuits and half of CPH FW were clad in statement boiler suits. As autumn sweeps in, be ready with a one-piece that you can wear with sandals now and ankle boots and a polo neck in a few months. Credit: ShutterstockMashed up prints is part of the incoming season's most playful styling tricks, but also one of the simplest to refine for your wardrobe now. Pick a key colour - scarlet for instance - and spin out a pattern story based on this central shade. Just, add in a miniature bag that laughs in the face of practicality as a final touch. Credit: ShutterstockBetween Richard Quinn, the Queen and Faustian Steinmetz, the humble silk scarf is blowing up. While the weather isn't ferocious enough to justify an under-the-chin knot, channel your inner Brigitte Bardot and tie that bombastic bandana beneath your hair.Credit: ShutterstockSure, it's not cold enough for the camel coat, but try tobacco now with winter's lemon twist courtesy of accessories. Credit: ShutterstockCowboy boots are catnip for the fashion world right now. Hunt out the cropped kind and style them with a sundress to give them the ironic reboot that will see them into winter. Credit: ShutterstockBetween cycling shorts and ballet pumps, we could tell that athleisure didn't stop at hoodies, but we were still totally thrown by the accumulation of hiking trends breaking out for AW18. Ganni and Acne are all over it, but you can be too by breaking out your old walking shoes with an attractive sock. Word of warning: leave the Camelbak at home. Credit: ShutterstockUnlike most winter trends, this one isn't weather sensitive. If one bag is destined to rule them all then this fall it's the Dior Saddlebag without a doubt. Already swinging from the elbow crook of at least 100 influencers, this update on the brand's archival classic has been upgraded with new hardware and a magnetic closure. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As we near the end of summer and the new season creeps in, it’s time to consider who and where you want to be this autumn. It doesn’t matter how old we are, or how lauded, it turns out that dreaded back-to-school feeling never leaves you. Strip away the panic by hitting restart on your career and your coordinating wardrobe. Make new Monday mantras and lifestyle goals. Say yes, you can do lunchtime meal prep on a Sunday night and yes can make it to pilates at 6 am. OK, let’s not get ahead of ourselves, we’re not Superwoman. But, you can refresh your 9-to-5 rotation. The question is, which workwear tribe are you part of?Credit: ShutterstockA white shirt for work? So original. But, actually, it can be. Take authority of your basics by upgrading them with innovative, original update. workwear tribes - grazia2of24A white shirt for work? So original. But, actually, it can be. Take authority of your basics by upgrading them with innovative, original update. The boiler suit obviously has it's practical appeal, but when it comes to fashion its credentialed are finally in check too. Channel the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton - a devoted fan of the dress coat. Not only will it show you can keep cool even when the office heating is on full blast but it is an easy way to look sophisticated when the weather is transitioning. Clashing with colleagues is not OK, but clashing your prints and palette is a sure fire way to promote your wardrobe. The newest lesson in layering? Double up for impact. Insulate a pair of punchy trousers with coordinating heels and handbag.Maximize your office's cycle-to-work scheme with a power suit that won't get trapped in your breaks. Roll up your trousers for a touch of styling and practicality. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The word Miu Miu may be kawaii, but the brand is an outlier, a pathfinder for trends, a political juggernaut that’s wrapped in bows, frills and saccharine shades. Taking its name from the cute sobriquet of the label’s designer Miuccia Prada (also creative director of sister house Prada), Miu Miu is like Dadaism - the early Twentieth Century art movement that soberly celebrated the destruction of the norms but drolly took its name from the first sounds a baby makes. Its cute name and accessible aesthetic is a red herring. As WGSN’s Associate Editor of Womenswear Anna Ross says, ‘what differentiates Miu Miu and makes it so successful? It speaks to people on another level than simply aesthetics.’From Miu Miu sunglasses to Miu Miu perfume adverts, the brand is selling a subtle semaphore for educated irony. This is a skill honed by its founder who studied political science at university and even joined the Italian Communist Party at one point before changing the face of Italian fashion. Taking the cues of cut and fit from the luxury heritage of the country she’s transformed the glitz and glamour so easily associated with the Mediterranean country into provocative, assertive, intellectual clothes. For Muccia Prada, so-wrong-it’s-so-right has been her calling card – think of the industrial nylon of the Prada brand’s luxury bags and the stiff 1980s-inspired leathers that trickled down Miu Miu’s autumn winter 2018 runway.‘There is a tongue and cheek element to Prada’s younger sister that makes it more footloose and fancy-free,’ says Ross, ‘it doesn’t take itself too seriously and plays just on the right side of satire while remaining chic. Miuccia always has a knack for reinventing the Miu Miu girl each season without losing the brand’s identity, which is a real testament to a great designer.’Launched in 1993, as a diffusion label for the anti-conformist girl, Miu Miu’s identity is strong today as when it was first founded. Just look at the signature Miu Miu bag; metallic, quilted, usually embellished with a bejewelled buckle but with hardware so chunky it can be seen from out of space. What about the signature Miu Miu glasses? Flirtatiously studded with crystals and pearls but with a confounding cut-out. And, the quintessential Miu Miu dress? Though tailored out of a decadent velvet or a ladylike brocade with a dinky Peter Pan collar it’s cut skimpy to show off maximum leg and even an accidental knicker sighting. Or the classic Miu Miu sandals and shoes? A ballet pump or a princess heel with lashings of gems but an unexpected leather, gingham or studded accent. Nothing is quite as simply pretty and cute as it seems. ‘They remain one of the few brands that stays true to their origin in both design and concept’, says Ida Petersson, Womenswear Buying Director of Browns. This is something that's confirmed by Ross who sums up their house codes as 'playful, feminine and spontaneous with a little sprinkle of retro and sport for good measure.'‘There’s a rebellious edge to Miu Miu’s codes which appeals to the rulebreakers’ adds Ross, ‘Miuccia has a knack of playing with the constructs of taste, brilliantly subverting colours, shapes and patterns in ways which shouldn’t work, yet work perfectly under her guidance. There’s an element of retro in her designs which is underscored and revived with a contemporary lens for the modern woman’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Recently, Kim Kardashian West and Kylie Jenner have been trawling Gucci’s archives and unearthing relics from the brand’s Tom Ford-era. The look is body-hugging, sultry and above all sexy, it also could not be further from Gucci in 2018, which is eccentric, eclectic and progressive.Kim caused a stir when she wore a thong that’s older than her sister Kylie. Stamped with the golden double 'G' synonymous with Ford’s stint as creative director of the fashion house, it recalled when Kylie herself wore an encrusted one-shoulder dress that was debuted in the label’s spring/summer 2000 show some 18 odd years ago. @kkwbeauty Contour Singles Available NOW kkwbeauty.comA post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Aug 21, 2018 at 7:24pm PDTLove them or hate them, the Kardashians have a lot of sway. Their show’s ratings may be steadily falling but their income and influence is still ascending. By forsaking privacy the family is able to command paychecks (like a $1million for a single appearance or sponsored post) and disrupt the machinations of the beauty industry. Kim Kardashian West alone has an avid audience of 116 million on Instagram and Kylie Jenner is just three mill short of the same feat, which itself is just short of double the population of the UK. Naturally, Time magazine has anointed the youngest, Kylie as one of the 25 most influential people on the internet alongside Kim’s husband Kanye.Behind the smoke screens of social media, there is a question that always dangles not far out of sight: who influences the influencer? If the brands are paying these spokespeople, surely it’s the brands that have the power. But, if the influencer isn’t interested, how long before the brands bend to create what makes them double-tap?A post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Aug 12, 2018 at 11:18am PDT‘It’s also a bit of a cycle: an influencer might be influenced by a brand but wears and styles something in an interesting way, so the brand picks up on it and gets “influenced” by it for future collections, marketing purposes’, explains WGSN’s senior editor of retail and buying, Sara Magginoi.So if Alessandro Michele digs through the Gucci archives and repurposes a 90s bodycon dress for SS19 just don’t be surprised.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Thanks to an embarrassing amount of procrastination (and 4G data), I now know what I would spend my full month’s salary and half of next’s on. And, it’s all from H&M.Since the retailer announced Izzy Bizu as the new face of their Divided Music campaign, I’ve not just had her songs stuck in my head but the image of Bizu’s floral dress and tartan trousers cemented to memory too. After several days scrolling and steadily stocking my wishlist, I’m now well-versed in the overarching H&M trends of the moment, of the Scandi label’s latest crop of arrivals and most niche items. I know full well I don’t need it all, but after many hours of whittling, I can’t click away from an edit of 18 items. There are shoes (a pair of leather sandals) that will take me from now until autumn, a dress that will work with a straw bag this August and a pair of heeled boots in December and a leather jacket I’ve been staring at since it came on site over a month ago. I know it’s still a long list, but once you see it, you’ll understand. I swear.Trigger warning: if you scroll any further you’ll want to find your credit card first.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I love summer, I love the way the sun makes my spots clear up and my hair turns a little ginger. I love that it gives me an excuse to stay out late on a Tuesday night drinking Aperol Spritz’s with the free abandon of a freelancer without a 9-to-5 to be up for. I also, love the way, it makes the ugliest, most ridiculous of items suddenly look appealing. Yes, I’m talking about flip flops and bucket hats, and most importantly of all the patterned shirt.Call it irony, or a physical reaction to the rise of athleisure and streetwear, but I want to dress in obnoxious gauche blouses. It’s like designers have been in cahoots for winter as between the wild mash-up graphics of Prada’s bowling shirts and the manic 80s patterns of Balenciaga’s blouses, there’s a burgeoning trend for frenzied colour combinations and berserk prints in this arena,Part of the pleasure of this particularly niche trend lies in its silhouette. With a camp little collar and a buttoned-up front, it’s a rather formal fit for these personality-driven designs. Dancing in that gender-neutral middle ground, this item surfs the millennial trend for coopting menswear. As runways now show gendered collections under one umbrella show, it’s natural that the staples of different sexes get muddied. Hence, while on screen the Hawaiian shirt has been the sartorial pin-up of Leonardo DiCaprio in Romeo + Juliet, Tom Cruise in Cocktail and Christian Slater in True Romance, it doesn’t lose an ounce of its appeal as it slips into the womenswear vocabulary.The gaudier the print the better, in my eyes. Not only is a brash Hawaiian, tie-dye or scarf-printed blouse the perfect antidote to the mass casualisation of our wardrobes, but it’s also god damn comfortable. Add mules and a slip skirt and it’s surprisingly salacious, put on high-waisted jeans and Converse and it’s ready for brunch, or just tuck it under your favourite suit and suddenly the office will seem a brighter place to be.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you follow fashion influencers like Blanco Miro, Jeanette Madsen or Jessie Bush (@wethepeoplestyle) you’ll already be very familiar with Manu Atelier.Run by Turkish sisters Beste and Merve Manastir, it’s quickly becoming the go-to bag brand for the millennial fashion set, with its instantly recognisable boxy shapes, bold bright colour combinations and standout gold logo. Exploring the labyrinth that is the Grand Bazaar with @manu_atelier #manuspeopleA post shared by  Jessie Bush (@wethepeoplestyle) on Jul 18, 2018 at 8:14am PDTBut before the 96,000 instagram followers and celebrity fans (including Eva Chen and Sarah Jessica-Parker) there was a simple plan; to share their father’s talent with the world.‘Our father was always drawing when we were children,’ Beste tells Grazia. ‘He would suddenly take out a piece of paper wherever we were and start drawing, we loved when he’d bring home the bags he made for us at his workshop, and would sometimes even stand over him while he was finishing a new design for us.’‘We always believed in both his both artistic and design skills, and wanted to be the bridge that brings his talent to the world,’ says Merve.After helping another designer launch her leather accessories collection, the sisters decided to start on their own brand using their father’s expertise and atelier, at affordable prices using leather from Turkey. It would be called Manu Atelier – the ‘manu’ is for manufacturing.Working as sisters is very important for Beste and Merve, but they don’t pretend to always get along, and see conflict as a natural part of the creative process.‘We work together in every single stage of both the creative and business side. Of course it causes some conflicts but we believe these disagreements bring us to the right decision eventually.' Demi🌟#falltimeinIstanbul #manuspeopleA post shared by  Manu Atelier (@manu_atelier) on Oct 16, 2017 at 7:01am PDT'Thankfully we’ve found we have the same taste, but we look at things from different perspectives. These differences and similarities give us the ability to make the right decison in the end. Because at the end of the day, to be able to create something with your family is a unique and special feeling.‘And their father is still at the core of the brand; ‘We always speak to our father and get his opinion, because he is the one who makes our ideas real with his talent.’ The one and only SJP❤️ #manuspeople #sjp @sarahjessicaparker #manuatelier #microfernweh #navysuede #manucolorsA post shared by  Manu Atelier (@manu_atelier) on Jan 11, 2018 at 5:45am PSTScroll through Manu Atelier’s Instagram feed and you’ll find a carefully curated series of candid snaps featuring achingly cool women wearing Manu – the sisters call them ‘Manu’s People’ because they aren’t just a bunch of influencers who have been sent product to pose with – they are friends of the brand.Merve and Beste would rather form authentic relationships with people whose style they admire, than force product on those with the highest follower count. @manu_atelier #manuateliersummer2018A post shared by  B E T T I N A  L O O N E Y (@bettinalooney) on Jul 18, 2018 at 6:42am PDT‘An influencer is someone who inspires all the creatures around them,’ Beste says. ‘They have been in our lives from the beginning. The people we are in collaboration with are from many different professional backgrounds but the common thing is they are all people who inspire us. This is very important to us.’The brand's focus on Instagram – not only showing polished images on the feed but drawing potential customers in with behind the scenes videos in the atelier and posts of the pair on the move with the bags on Instagram stories – has paid off.‘Instagram has helped the brand to tell its own story and vision directly to the customers’ says Beste, who shoots most of the images for Instagram.‘Even before launching the brand in 2014, we always believed in the sincere relationship between the brand and the customer. There has to be a real bond. And social media had played an important role.’ The easy way! 🌽 @manu_atelier #manuateliersummer2018 🇹🇷A post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on Jul 20, 2018 at 5:35am PDT© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...New Year’s Eve may be many months away, but we already know what we’ll be wearing. And, once you hear who Topshop are collaborating with then you will too. In early November (read: just in time for party season), Halpern will follow in the footsteps of Marques’Almeida, Mary Katrantzou and Christopher Kane and create a limited-edition collection for Toppers.In just two years since graduating from Central Saint Martins, 30-year-old Michael Halpern’s eponymous label’s ascent has been quick. He’s gone from hotly tipped grad to winning the British Emerging Talent (womenswear category) at The Fashion awards to dressing Amal Clooney for the Met Gala. His glittering, sequined jumpsuits and mini dresses have been lauded for kickstarting the KiraKira+ trend and his Studio 54 luxe look has led the way for the 80s revival aesthetic that’s trickled through fashion since his first runway show, just three seasons ago. No wonder, Topshop are dubbing him as ‘2018’s most-celebrated designer’‘We are thrilled to collaborate with Michael; especially at such an exciting time in his career’. Says Anthony Cuthbertson, global design director of Topshop Topman, ‘Our capsule embodies the disco spirit and signature feminine silhouettes he is renowned for; we can’t wait to bring the world of Halpern to Topshop with styles that will no doubt kick-start the partywear season for our customers’.With prices starting at £35, the 28-piece collection is set to be more affordable than Halpern’s own line, which starts at £790 for an embellished t-shirt. ‘I think it’s fabulous that as a younger brand we’re able to work with Topshop, making the type of clothing we do for the main Halpern collection in an accessible way so more people can really feel the glamour’. Michael Halpern explains, ‘I want the whole world to feel as glam as possible, and this type of collaboration is a fantastic way to accomplish that’.This news comes a day after ASOS announce a similarly exciting partnership with 29-year-old LaQuan Smith. For anyone paying attention to Beyonce, Rihanna and Cardi B’s wardrobes, US designer Smith will be a familiar name. Like Halpern, his calling card is glitz and glamour, something that became starkly apparent with the crystal-encrusted blazer and body he designed for Beyonce for her On The Run II tour.He told ASOS Magazine, ‘Confidence and being unapologetic in who you are. It’s always about accentuating the body and this concept collection will reinforce that in an affordable and attainable way’,The takeaway? Yet another reason to be excited for Christmas© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Believe it or not, autumn/winter 2018 collections are dropping in store this week. It may be mid-August but high street retailers are already looking towards the new season. And, if you ask me, I couldn’t be happier. After a long heat wave peppered summer, my linen dresses and sandals are as exhausted as I am of them.To be fair, the weather has already turned. We’re now experiencing that tricky seasonal transition when a coat (and umbrella!) are necessary but bare legs and open-toe shoes are still acceptable. Call it the magic hour of fashion, when summer and fall collide and everything takes on a warmer glow.There are plenty of items already in-store that will see you through to next spring, like Monki’s clawed hair clip and H&M’s leather trench. The talent is being able to pick the items that are in it for the long haul, that aren’t pieces that will cruise into fashion for September and be a distant memory by Christmas.With so many glorious pieces dropping this week it’s imperative that you’re precise and concise with your edit. Otherwise, you’ll be spending next month cancelling plans and cutting back on the takeout coffees. Choose pieces that will ease your wardrobe into the coming season, like a polo neck from Zara that can be slipped under a cotton dress, or a pair of Mango boots that will step up your current denim hoard.Here are 32 pieces to get you salivating for the new seasonnew season winter high street - grazia1of32© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sorry, but I’m calling it. Summer, time of death: the first week of August.I knew that after the sun came the storms, but I wasn’t mentally or sartorially prepared for this week of torrential rain and a sky blanketed with grey clouds. I know this year is going fast, but I didn’t realise it was winter already.To double down on the irony of British summertime, our office still has the air con on full blast like the heatwave never ended. Brrr. Teeth chattering, arms goose pimpled and hair a cold wet mess wasn’t the professional message I was hoping to send this week. To lift my spirits (and my body’s temperature) I’ve got a style resolution to get me through this weather spell: sleeves. Not a mind-blowing diktat, I concede, but it’s the only way to stay warm without piling on the layers. And, as it’s August, after all, that long-sleeved dress will make sandals seem less startling outside of a seaside environment.I’ve found five women - model Lotte Williams, PR Sonia Lyson, stylists Trine Kjær and Nicole Huisman and H&M buyer Michelle Moldinger Emery - who are full of fail-safe styling tips. Commit their social media handles to memory because they conceive simple yet effective fashion formula’s that gravitate towards the editorial but don’t let practicality fall out of sight. I feel like I’ve found my people.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The year was 1999, we weren’t sure we’d survive Y2K but we knew anklets were the sex symbol of sex symbols. After hitting fever pitch nearly two decades ago when worn around the dainty lower calves J Lo, Geri Halliwell, Naomi Campbell and (unsurprisingly) Mariah Carey, ankle jewellery has spent time gathering dust. Maybe it’s because its label as a fashion faux pas was written in permanent marker, but much like the humble Croc and a pair of Tevas with socks, the fashion set is currently flirting with putting this piece of jewellery back on the agenda.The 90s - the decade which refuses to die - gave us a host of questionable trends (lower back tats, stretch choker necklaces, I can go on) but its the dainty, clasp of the anklet that’s staging a comeback. And, most importantly, not just for summer.It was at the Victoria Beckham show in New York that models we first noticed this accessory switch gears. Like, pukka shell jewellery, its stylistic integrity was being repositioned. Outside its recent habitat - yuppie hippies having a drum circle in a £2000-per-week yoga yurt in India - its taken on an unruly and unexpected appeal, otherwise known as coolness. Then it popped up again at Peter Pillotto and Anna Sui and made its way onto the ankles of Leandra Medine, Pernille Tiesbaek and even (albeit hidden under a sock) Grazia’s own Fashion and News Editor, Laura Jordan.What’s changed? Not much, actually. Still, the braided, bohemian bands exist, as do the delicate diamante equivalent. But, celebrity stylist Avigail Collins who intergrated the anklet into a collection of shoes she designed for Luidmila, believes, 'In the 90’s they were very grungy and made of string or silver. Where as this year they are more gold and bling, it’s all about the ankle sparkle.'Nearly twenty years later we’re still reliving the mistakes of our youth - drinking with friends in the park, guilty (although now we call it a picnic) and wearing silk scarves as tops (now sanctioned by Diane Von Furstenberg), guilty again - with the requisite anklet back in place. Fancy growing up? Try it with a maxi dress and a pair of dad sneakers, or give a clumpy clog a little sass with a slinky chain band. As Collins says, 'I love wearing a super glam anklet with something as casual as trainers and a slip dress.' Get on board as this is the subtle accessory that adds instant lustre to outfits that lack it.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a remote corner of Wales, where phone signal is patchy (as I found out the hard way), one of Meghan Markle’s favourite denim labels hosts an annual get-together for the ‘progressively minded’. It’s intimate, it’s rustic and supposedly it’s life-changing.Clare Hieatt and her husband, David, spend four days a week running Hiut Denim, which the Duchess famously wore in January (and instantly sent their sales spinning), and one day planning their mini-festival, Do Lectures.‘We started Do Lectures 10-years-ago as a side project to our business. It was an event for our customers where they could learn some new skills and hear some inspirational speakers to set them on a path if they want to change their life’. Says Clare, ‘It was very small and it is still a very small event as it is dictated by the size of the barn on our farm, that can only fit 150 people, but that’s kind of the beauty of it as well’.Though they founded this three-day event before our current social media fever pitch, the Hieatt's have always ensured it's been both intellectually and aesthetically stimulating. Guests sleep in a circle of teepees and enjoy gourmet banquets, wander through woods and then sit entranced by a series of cosy talks. Clare recalls hosting Colin Greenwood from Radiohead for a Sunday morning chat as a personal favourite, as well as Sir Tim Berners Lee, the founder of the internet, and Perry Chen who left the tepee and launched Kickstarter. ‘It’s an eclectic mix of people’, she admits, but that’s the charm. That and the food, and the bucolic setting.To celebrate a decade of Do Lectures, the Hieatt’s have written a book, Stay Curious: How We Created a World Class Event in a Cowshed, which is out on the 4th of October. ‘We wanted it to be more than just a picture book of the Do Lectures, but be a useful tool as well,’ says Clare, ‘if you have an event, or party, or a wedding there are actual tips that can help you. It’s very much out style, which is very outdoorsy, using all the natural elements of where we live in west Wales.’You can see an excerpt of the book’s ‘Detail’ chapter below:Credit: Stay Curious: How We Created a World Class Event in a CowshedHow to lay a Do dinner table Meals at Do are relaxed and informal. There are no seating plans. There are no reserved spaces. The food is served at serving stations and people take their food to a table and find a seat. Speakers, attendees, volunteers, musicians, cooks, all sit together like one big family. Cutlery is in pots, wine is in carafes, water is in jugs, so there is a lot of pouring and passing and serving each other, which breaks the ice and kick-starts conversations. The indoor dining spaces, like the food barn at Do Wales, are softly lit with twinkling lights and an abundance of candles. Greenery, like ferns and moss, dress the crevices in the old stone walls and window recesses. The table decorations are kept very simple: a single stem in an old milk bottle, a pebble or two holding paper napkins in place, a moss-covered log doubling up as a tea-light holder. The tables are old wooden trestle tables, and they are paired with a random mix of folding chairs, stools and benches. The dining experience spills out of the food barn to a courtyard covered by a bespoke canvas awning which has been made to hug a copper beech tree in the centre of the space and provides shelter from rain or shade from the sunshine. Credit: Stay Curious: How We Created a World Class Event in a CowshedLegendary meals at Do1.    Anja's beetroot crumble. A meal served back in the day when Do was held on a wet April weekend at Fforest camp. Warm, comforting, wholesome. Who knew a single vegetable could be so fulfilling?2.    Mimi's breakfast granola. A wonderful way to wake up after a night under the stars in Do USA.3.    Jen's Lamb Curry. Delicious and hearty with so many super tasty chutneys and accompaniments.4.    Eduardo and Ranga's Sri Lankan mussels at Do USA. Fresh out of the sea, cooked to perfection, served with cold beer. 5.    Bertha's Sourdough Pizza. The most tasty pizza ever, cooked in a wood-fired oven in the back of a Land Rover. It's has become a tradition for the last meal of Do Wales.Credit: Stay Curious: How We Created a World Class Event in a CowshedLamb Curry by Jen GossFeeds 6-8Ingredients2 medium onions4 cloves garlic3cm ginger3 tbsp sunflower oil3 tsp freshly toasted & ground cumin3 tsp freshly toasted& ground coriander2 sticks cinnamon4 whole cardamom pods½ tsp chilli powder1.5 tsp ground turmeric1 kilo diced lamb shoulder3 x 400g tins chopped tomatoes2 tbsp greek yoghurt300g cleaned spinach or chard2 tsp garam masalaSmall handful chopped corianderMethodPreheat the oven to 170ºC/Gas mark 4.Peel the onion, garlic and ginger and blend into a paste in a food processor. In a casserole dish or heavy bottom pan that has a tight fitting lid, heat the oil and fry the onion paste for 5 minutes. Add the spices and fry for another 2 minutes.Add the lamb and coat with the spicy paste and fry for 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bring to a simmer. When gently bubbling, cover and put in the oven for 2 hours. Stir after the first hour and check the liquid, if it feels dry add 50ml water.After 2 hours the meat will be nice and tender, add the yoghurt and stir, then add the spinach and stir again, it will cook in the residual heat. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in garam masala. Garnish with coriander.Serve with basmati rice, dahl, poppadoms, raita and a selection of pickles and chutneys and a nice cold glass of beer.Credit: Stay Curious: How We Created a World Class Event in a CowshedDecorating with flowers and foliageThe flowers we grow are not exotic or showy, they are simple, country flowers that look at home on a Welsh farm. Sweet peas, roses, cornflowers, poppies, oxeye daisies all ramble and self-seed through the gardens. They are picked and placed in miniature vases as single blooms for windowsills or grouped in small bunches on the tables. A simple dis-play in a glass vessel is elevated when placed in front of the vibrant green of a moss-stained wall. For a large part of the year, our climate is mild and damp, so we have plenty of green foliage, lichen covered branches and lush ferns to pick and use. We add them to crevices in the cool, stone walls of the barns and they seem to bring a calm, peaceful atmosphere to the spaces.Do SignageOne of the daily duties at the Do lectures is updating the chalkboards. We have chalkboards for workshops, for the daily menu and for the talks' schedule. We put a lot of effort into writing these boards; the style of the lettering, the use of quirky illustrations, the choice of words – they are all extensions of the way we look after and communicate to our attendees. They are an informal way of keeping everyone up-to-date with what's happening, allowing us to communicate in our own Do style. Taking our time to create a thing of beauty that could easily disappear in the rain and is going to be wiped away and replaced a few hours after its creation, is worth all the effort. For us it's about making every little detail reflect who we are, no matter how short-lived it might be. We don't just chalk on chalkboards. We use pieces of slate, stone and pebbles to communicate simple information. Chalk is also a great way to present the best quotes from the talks: almost as soon as the words have been spoken, they appear in hidden places as reminders of the day's events. At some of the past Do Lectures we have been joined by artists who have turned inspirational words from the talks into pieces of art. At Do USA, Cumbersome Multiples set up a printing press in the back of the Hop Barn and printed posters of the words spoken by the speakers as they were doing their talks. At Do Wales, paper-cut artist Erica Francis George, made stencils during the talks and sprayed the words in hidden spots around the farm to the delight of those that found them.Credit: Stay Curious: How We Created a World Class Event in a CowshedThe Do styling toolbox1.    Peebo 4Artist Markers 4mm in white. Oil based opaque, glossy makers that can be used on wood, metal, plastic, glass, ceramics and much more.2.    A staple gun.3.    A hot glue gun.4.    Refillable gas lighters to light candles.5.    Twine.6.    Florist's wire.7.    Plastic flower water tubes and caps, for hydrating single single stems of foliage or flowers in displays. 8.    A selection of nails, screws, hooks and tacks.9.    Chalk pens of various nib sizes.10.    Heavy duty sticky tape.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With David Attenborough’s closing speech in the finale of Blue Planet II ringing firmly in our ears, the once innocent ritual of asking the barman for a straw with our vodka soda is now one tainted with shame and guilt. And for good reason.It’s estimated that nearly 13 million tonnes of plastic end up in the ocean each year, threatening the existence of nearly 700 marine species, according to research by Plymouth University. And it's our excessive use of single-use plastic straws contributing to the extreme plastic pollution our planet faces.The Attenborough effect, as it's become known, has seen a rise in the number of people advocating a ‘plastic-free’ lifestyle (Princess Eugenie recently announced that her upcoming nuptials to fiancé Jack Brooksbank will be entirely free from single-use plastic) and conventional straws are being phased out in restaurants, bars and cafe's around the world.Now several luxury brands have pledged their allegiance to the movement, in the form of some very pricey, but environmentally friendly drinking utensils. But with prices reaching upwards of £300, is this new wave of wokeness just an example of 'plastic-free privilege'?From Tiffany & Co's stainless steel Crazy Straw, to a Murano glass collection from Campbell-Rey, take a look at the luxe labels are offering up a bouji solution to the inevitable Saturday night straw-shaming.Credit: Clos19Clos19 describe these hand-blown glass straws as the 'must have accessory of the summer' and it looks as though they're right. The luxury straws have sold out and you'll have to wait for the Murano atelier to return from their summer holidays at the end of August to bag a set. Credit: Stephen WebsterBritish jeweller Stephen Webster takes sustainability to a whole new level of bouji with stainless steel The Last Straw, which can be engraved with the user's name. Credit: Tiffany & CoMasters of turning everyday objects into luxury items of objets d'arts, Tiffany & Co have a number of seriously fancy straws on offer. The Stainless Steel Crazy Straw is blazoned with Tiffany's signature enamel blue enamel.Credit: MiansaiMiansai's four-pack of sustainable straws comes with a genuine Italian leather pouch, so you can bring your luxury drinking utensil for bouji cocktails on-the-go. Credit: Tiffany & CoThis adorable offering from Tiffany & Co is available exclusively in the New York flagship store. Perhaps the thousands of miles of air travel to get your hands on this sustainable straw may defeat the point just a little.Credit: Kate SpadePerhaps the most purse friendly of the reusable designer straws, Kate Spade's set of 6 acrylic straws will brighten up a many a fruity cocktail. Credit: Knot & BowSplash out on a bespoke Tiffany's straw for yourself, but keep your guests' drinks woke for fraction of the price with these chic paper straws from Knot & Bow. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Think fashion advert and likely your mind wanders to the glossy pages of a magazine with lithe women bathed in a golden light draped over expensive furnishings. Or is that just me? For Helmut Lang, the natural conclusion as to where to shoot their new autumn/winter 2018 collection put them on a different track…South Wales, obviously.It was in the town of Merthyr Tydfil where the American fashion label found not just its location but it’s glorious, glamorous models. There’s 66-year-old Pleung, raven-haired 77-year-old Gillian, 86-year-olds Dilys, who holds the record for world’s oldest female skydiver, and Margaret, a former funeral director, who also happens to be the grandmother of the campaign’s stylist, Charlotte James.‘I’m from Wales and I have been making work here since 2014. Working on social projects and casting people from the local community in fashion shoots. Alex reached out and thought my eye would be a good fit for Helmut Lang', explains James, ‘I was looking for women who I find inspiring and who have a certain sparkle about them. Women who maybe overlooked by mainstream media, especially with the Instagram generation of perfectly edited imagery. We are all going to get older so it's important to show you can be confident at any age'.James has spent most of her career focusing on Wales and the quiet beauty of the country. Based between London and Wales, she’s used it as the backdrop for several fashion shoots by juxtaposing the working class world of her heritage with the gilded world that the clothing comes from. Her images become a discourse about who is allowed to wear what and why as well as where and what is clothing appropriate. It’s a quiet commentary on the industry’s overt fascination with the ‘high-low’. With the assistance of photographer Alexandra Leese the starkness of the collection’s tailoring and 80s influencers feel at home within the calm of Merthyr Tydfil.'We loved the idea of celebrating women of a older generation, who are often forgotten especially within fashion, we also wanted women who stood for something', Leese explains,  'We hoped it would inspire people and put a smile on their face. To show people you can be older, and still fabulous and that fashion isn’t restricted or aimed to one type of person, or at least shouldn’t be'..On the topic of her grandmother, James adds, 'Maragret is my nan and I've always admired her sense of style- she is never without tinted shades and gold jewellery. She has a crude sense of humour and is one of the sassiest women I know.' But, for this stylist, all the women were inspirational. 'Dilys is a wonderful lady I heard about from a friend. She's the oldest skydiver in the world and as soon as I saw her pastel pink bobbed hair, I knew she was a lady we had to meet. She has such a powerful and positive energy. Gillian is an old family friend who I hadn't seen since I was a kid. I was reintroduced to her at a mod festival. She was the best dressed woman there, we stayed out together late into the night drinking and chatting. She told me she is always dressed up even while sitting at home so i was really in awe of her and thought she would be perfect to show that getting older doesn't mean you have to stay at home with your slippers on! I was hoping to tell stories of wise and confident women who hopefully everyone can learn a thing or two from! It was also a great opportunity to shine a light on Wales and give these women a chance to feel empowered and appreciated'.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Katie Sturino (@the12ishstyle) - Instagrammer and inclusive fashion activist - is determined to start a fashion revolution. A couple of years ago, Sturino launched the series #SuperSizeTheLook, where she recreates celebrity outfits, like that of the Kim Kardashian or Meghan Markle’s on her size 12 (UK 14) frame to show fashion and trends are for everyone. And now she's using the hashtag #MakeMySize to call on brands to make clothes that are designed for everyone.It all began with an Instagram story where the influencer bemoaned designers for a lack of products in her dress size. She said she was tired of overly revealing wrap dresses and blouses that gape. Next, she asked her community if they too would like more choices. The answer? A resounding yes, with 97 per cent asking for more options. With a guerrilla mentality she posted, ‘I can’t tell you the frustration when I’m shopping (and I’m a blogger! In NYC!) So while I applaud brands who are making changes to include more sizes, I’m going see if we can work together to let other designers know that they have a whole demographic that wants to shop. Please tag a brand you wish made your size below! I’m starting the #MakeMySizeMovement!’ And, thus, the revolution began.'The #MakeMySize movement is about letting brands know that there is an opportunity to serve an entire size range of women who are just trying to wear their clothes and spend their money on the designs.' Katie tells_Grazia_, 'I started this not from the place of being a fashion blogger, but more from the place of a frustrated consumer. I am thrilled that the options are getting better season by season and that many brands are opening their eyes to this issue. I have been frustrated in my shopping experience for years as a size 12,14,16 woman...I still cannot just pop to the shop in New York City to browse. I have to cherry pick certain pieces from certain designers. Hope they have my size in store...or that they even make my size at all!! That’s the point. I’ve been delighted with a clothing find only to have it barely squeeze over my head for years. I’m tired of it.'After posting an image (above) of herself in an Alice and Olivia dress, which didn't fit the brand replied to Sturino in her Instagram comments. The label said, 'I am getting a lot of comments about this - as a brand we take a lot of pride in designing for and making clothes for a variety of body types - but not every dress can be made to fit every body - that is what when there is a really popular print like this one we make an extreme effort to offer in in other styles too - it comes in a blouse and as a skirt which can better options for women who are more voluptuous on top'.Sturino's replied saying, 'Your response is getting a poor response because instead of being open to my/our request for moe inclusive sizing, you are suggesting I try and squeeze my shape into a size that does not and has never fit me from your brand. Many brands are working to expand their range in some capacity. I'm a just asking you to consider doing the same.' Later, Alice and Olivia added, 'Your breasts are epic! Your waist is tiny! What about tryin g the skirt and top version of this look? It will fit and give you the same look!'Sturino's original message was simple, the concept straightforward and yet the road to persuading brands to see that a curvy pound that is waiting to be had is harder than it seems. ASOS, Boohoo and sports brands like Puma and Nike have been increasingly progressive in their sizing, adding not just more options but more to their bottom line by catering for an underprovided market. However, the same can’t be said for luxury brands that rarely go past a UK 14.A review by PricewaterhouseCoopers at the end of 2017 reported the plus-size market is still considered ‘specialist’, which is ironic when the average dress size of a UK woman in the same year was a size 16 (just on the precipice of the ‘plus’ bracket). For brands the incentive is there, the market is valued at £6.6bn with the size 20+ market alone at £335m. Some retailers have caught on like the e-commerce 11 Honoré, which offers high-end brands like Parable Gurung and Michael Kors up to a UK 24.This busts the myth that fashion is just for the thin, which is something that the website Premme also noticed. ‘I think too many brands and designers have made their decisions around plus sizes based on their assumptions or their personal prejudices around plus-size bodies, rather than actually listening to the customer base’, Premme’s founder, the influencer Nicolette Mason told Grazia’s fashion and news editor Laura Jordan.So if the market’s there then what’s stopping the designers? ‘Achieving the perfect fit requires more technical knowledge in grading, ensuring shape and style details are not lost or compromised as the garments get bigger,’ concedes Ralph Tucker, product director at Simply Be, the curve specialist that sells clothes in sizes 12 to 32. However, one would hope that the designer labels charging several hundred and more for a single item would have the same (if not better) resources available that the high street has. As let's not forget it is the high street that’s pulling ahead in this arena.Making clothes that only serve a small portion of the population cuts out a significant market for brands and designers. Here's hoping Sturino's revolution reminds the whole industry of the power of the curve pound.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Especially now with the heatwave long gone, the August bank holiday feels like the last gasp of summer. That final moment to give your espadrilles an airing and a chance to visit a lido before it’s too late. Whether you’re taking the opportunity to run away from the UK and it’s unreliable weather or settling down for a staycation, the promise of a holiday (albeit a three-dayer) is sought to justify a wardrobe face-lift.Sure, we promised a capsule wardrobe, but think of this 32-strong list as an edit of a vacation checklist. Staying put? Add a camouflage Rains jacket to your repertoire. Hopping on a flight? Don’t forget your flip-flops for Havianna’s are having a moment. Like the Birkenstock before them, the humble flip-flop is now the do-everything slip-on that you can wear with jeans, a swimsuit and a glamorous gown (ironically, mind). If your weekend is still an open book still waiting to be pencilled in, then consider the cult Diane Von Furstenberg silk scarf top, which will take you from day drinking at brunch to that new bar that everyone’s talking about with just a lipstick top-up. Sure, this edit is exhaustive, but what it lacks in refinement it makes up for in versatility.Make your bucolic break a stylish one and your cosy homestay and chic experience with these 32 pieces: Bank holiday capsule wardrobe – Grazia2of32© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After the heatwave the clouds came, the rain descended and the chill of winter veered its undesired head. But, the weather’s unsightly turn couldn’t put a damper on Danish model Caroline Brasch Nielsen’s wedding to chef Frederik Bille Brahe.When you’ve walked the runways of Givenchy, Balenciaga and Yves Saint Laurent, wearing a daring creation is part of the day job. Enlisting the help of fellow Dane, designer Cecilie Bahnsen, Brasch Nielsen walked down the aisle in a custom loose-fitting white dress with bell sleeves, an open back and romantic floral crochet. To match her lemon pumps (and her 10 bridesmaids that wore yellow dresses from Bahnsen’s Pre-Spring 2019 collection), the bridal party carried sunflowers instead of the traditional bouquet. Naturally, the newlyweds swapped rings designed by Bille Brahe’s celebrated jeweller sister, Sophie (Billie Brahe).For the ceremony itself, the wedding party took to Copenhagen’s canals in a boat. But, as would be the case in Blighty, Scandinavian weather can’t always be relied on. Hence, when the sky turned grey, the bride kept warm in an abbreviated leopard print coat. Unexpected? Certainly. What it added in warmth it also doubled down on in rock’n’roll appeal.As the nuptials were timed to coincide with Copenhagen Fashion Week, they were attended by friends of the couple like Pernille Teisbaek, Veronika Heilbrunner, Justin O’Shea, Emily Weiss and Saks Potts’ designer Barbara Potts. Importantly, the newlywed's dog, a border collie called Skat also scored an invitation.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Crocs, the marmite of the shoe world, hit the headlines over the weekend when reports emerged that the purveyors of plastic footwear (beloved by surgeons, chefs and, ahem, fashion designer Christopher Kane) would be closing down their last existing factory in Italy. Did this mean that the brand was no more?Crocs are regularly cited as one of the most divisive brands in fashion (you either love them or hate them, after all), despite recently clocking up high profile collaborations with major players such as Balenciaga (remember the terrifying platform Crocs?) and the aforementioned Christopher Kane (who partnered up with the brand for two seasons). So it was perhaps unsurprising to see responses to the news falling into one of two camps: those mourning the potential demise of the colourful, plastic clogs ('guess this is what heartbreak feels like,' one Twitter user wrote) and those who were feeling high levels of schaudenfreude. However, further investigation reveals the fate of Crocs isn't quite as gloomy as the headlines had first suggested.First, a story on CNN's Money platform drew attention to Crocs' 'comeback,' citing a 4.7 percent leap in sales in the last quarter alone and drawing attention to the brand's new strategy, which focuses on streamlining the number of colours and options available to avoid overwhelming the consumer. Then, the brand itself jumped in to debunk any potential confusion, responding to a concerned shopper's comments on social media with a cheery 'FALSE ALARM!''We aren't going anywhere,' they wrote, later adding: 'Take comfort, #CrocNation. Our future remains as bright, bold and colourful as ever.' A statement from the company later revealed that the decision to close the final Crocs factory was made in order to simplify the business and improve profitability.'So, it seems the #CrocNation can (for now) sleep soundly at night, safe in the knowledge that their favourite neon clogs will live another day. The rest of us, meanwhile, will just have to avert our eyes and bite our tongues...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The heatwave may be ‘officially’ over, but it’s only August, which means we have at least another month-and-a-half living our best sleeveless life. Sure, the air con in the office may be frightful, but step outside or, dare we say, spend an hour on public transit commuting, and suddenly the full whack of humidity and heat hits you. The best way to cope? Find an outfit that’s breezy but reads business, that will keep you toasty in the office but cool and in control when you head out the door.For your Monday-to-Friday self, follow a straightforward rubric. Start by picking natural fabrics (read: breathable). Next, find items that layer easily (meaning blazers and blouses) or pick a sleeveless item that’s smarter than your standard summer style. For instance, a co-ord, like Michelle Moldinger Emery has chosen, slots together seamlessly without being struck down by usual co-ord pitiful of looking too twee or too youthful.Meanwhile, Olivia Palermo brings a shock of colour to her summer self through a longline dress. Once again, it shows the more you max out on fabric the more sophisticated one looks. On the flip side, the same effect can be achieved with a monochromatic outfit, like that of The Alchemist’s Odine Daisy Purinton-Miller, who opted for all-white and a structured straw bag.Here are five looks and to try this week bought to you by five women who have nailed the 9-to-5.workwear fashion - august - grazia2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Through years of social conditioning the idea of wearing pyjamas during daylight hours is finally normal. Understandably it was once practised solely by mums on school runs and students too lazy to do their washing (and too lazy to get dressed), but now the woke-up-like-this outfit is part of the everyday vernacular. After all, Chiara Ferragni wore a silk set to fashion week and Harry Styles has donned a striped Morgan Lane PJ shirt with tailored trousers. And yet, the nightgown has never enjoyed much prominence.Let’s be honest the nightie never made sense for bed either. It was always too sexy to sleep in or would annoyingly bunch up in the night. But, compelled by the heatwave and the current cautiously modest trend that sees dresses embrace maxi-lengths and looser cuts, the evidence is mounting in the nightdress’ favour.'Cotton is exceptionally lightweight, and also breathable, allowing space for air to pass through to help keep you cool', Victoria Shelton, garment technologist at Figleaves, explains. 'It’s hypo-allergenic and so is especially suitable for people with skin sensitivity which can be exacerbated in the heat'. Ladies like Leandra Medine, Laura Jackson and Alice Catherine have shown us there are two sides to this sleeper trend. Consider the Victoriana night-gown (that voluminous billowy item that’s made of breezy cotton) and the silky slip. Both will free up space for your hand-luggage holidays by fulfilling two purposes and both make more sense with a sneaker. With the Wendy gown (trademarking this moniker after Peter Pan’s playmate) it’s easy to layer with a cardigan or amplify its sheer potential with big pants or a fluoro bra. Meanwhile, the salacious silken slip, like the whispy delights made by Carine Gilson, take the rebirth of the 90s baby doll dress to new heights. Whichever nightie school you subscribe to, we advise adding a fugly pair of shoes. Nothing tones down the unexpected encounter with a night gown pre-watershed like a pair of Tevas or clunky dad trainers.At the forefront of the trend is Sleeper, a label championed by Pandora Sykes, Emily Ratajkowski and Veronika Heilbrunner. Sleeper's founders explain, 'We think that bed-to-beach idea is having such a moment. I think it's about mobility and simplicity. One can wear real pajamas, slip into mules, throw over a coat and go out with the dog to a café – isn’t it wonderful! The same applies to holidays. The idea of being comfortable both on the beach and at dinner with friends just having packed three dresses is very appealing.'See: Four Night Dresses To Wear As Sundresses© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Twice a year - February and August, to be precise - the fashion pack descend on the quaint city of Copenhagen. The cobbled streets are currently awash with street style stars test-driving autumn/winter trends at one of the first stops on the fashion week calendar. Though known for being gastronomically ground-breaking, CPH with its chic pastel-painted streets is also a melting pot of barrier-pushing Scandi style. The likes of Pernille Tiesbaek, Doina Ciobanu and Xenia Adonts have been making the most of the heatwave, which we’re envious to say is still beating down on the Nordic peninsula, with sleeveless slip dresses and sandals. But, come winter there’ still lessons to be learnt from their styling. For instance, make the transparent-bag trend work in reality by filling your diaphanous tote with a leather bag - think of it as the nestling eggs of accessories. While we’re still on the accessory agenda, take note the belt bag (or bum bag, if you will) is still here to stay and still being worn cross-the-body. The final trick these women have generously relayed to us comes from Pernille and her blazer. Like Kim Kardashian, she’s used tailoring to make pedal pusher bike shorts desirable, but unlike the Cali siren, Pernille’s buttoned-up her blazer and layered it over a plain white top, which made this monochromatic combination instantly easier to digest. Here are 12 lessons we’re taking away from the Copenhagen fashion week streets:Credit: GettyThe scarf trend, which ebbed and flowed over the last few seasons, has dropped its fussy Queenie quality and taken on a more bohemian character, especially when crafted from a bandana. Credit: GettySandals have stepped up their personality this summer with cut-outs and funkier shapes. Credit: ShutterstockUnexpected as it is, mustard and tobacco are tonal bedfellows that deserve an outing. Credit: ShutterstockBucket hats aren't just for Rihanna, especially if you're able to match your cap to your vest top. Hello, All Saint's styling for 2018!Credit: GettyDay-Glo is the new neon, so take a leaf from Xenia Adonts' wardrobe and try a vivid palette from tip-to-toe.Credit: ShutterstockA diaphanous girlish dress is given instant edge with a nylon bum bag and mountaineering sandals. Credit: ShutterstockAs the leopard print is officially a neutral don't let a patterned skirt hold you back from introducing new textures and print to a muted outfit. Credit: GettyTake a loose-fitting dress to newly tailored heights with the cinch of a sweater that matches your sneakers. Credit: ShutterstockAs the leopard print is officially a neutral so don't let a patterned skirt hold you back from introducing new textures and print to a muted outfit. Credit: ShutterstockStay hydrated, sisters. Especially if you can colour-match your reusable bottle to your dress and bag. Credit: ShutterstockGive up the girlish ghost of polka dots with perspex and sportswear notes.  Credit: ShutterstockTake the post-watershed glamour out of maxi silk dress with a tailored blazer and a bag with chunky chains. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I know it’s terribly British to talk about the weather, but excuse me this one time because the current climate is exceptional. Exceptionally hot, I mean. The current heatwave is playing havoc with my hair (hello, humidity) and my wardrobe. So used to summer’s in the UK meaning one day of middling-to-OK sunshine followed by several underwhelming damp weeks, it turns out I have a closet that won’t close but nothing suitable to wear. First world problems, I know, but an issue nonetheless.Come my next Easyjet to the continent rest assured I’ll have more options than I need for what to pack. But, place me in my normal work-life routine in London and suddenly I’m at a loss - those sandals are too flimsy for my commute, that light and airy dress is too see-through away from a beachside bar and that oversized (read: Jacquemus-lite) straw hat looks ludicrous.Now the goal is not to throw away my favourite vacation pieces or even buy new ones, but to find a selection of stylish, modern items that I can wear this summer and next, because according to global warming this is our July weather from now on.Personally, I like a summer dress with a little oomph, by which I mean structure. I want something like Borgo De Nor’s printed pink maxi. It’s long enough to pass the boardroom litmus test and sleeveless, which means less chance of embarrassing sweat patches. While I know straw bags look ridiculous outside of the vacation routine the label Muun has an urban option that’s a little more structured and has a peek-a-boo lining. When the holiday time finally hits I dream of packing my Fendi x Rimowa suitcase with Uterque summer tops, Cos swimwear and gold jewellery that glints just so for the Instagram selfie.If you too find yourself scratching your head about what to wear right now, here is everything that should be on your 2018 shopping list:What to wear to your summer holiday - Grazia1of61© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Excuse us for being British, but it’s too bloody hot right now. When it’s cold we complain, when it’s too sunny we complain, let’s just accept this as fact and move on. But, how do you move on when your office refuses to install adequate air-con or - even worse- over-zealous American-grade, sub-zero, freeze-your-mind air con? Either way, it’s not easy to get dressed for these conditions. Add in the commute and that window of time between bus-and-boardroom when you’re exposed to direct sunlight and you’ve got a fashion conundrum on your hands.Ask yourself, what do you have that’s summer appropriate and boss appropriate? For many of us that leaves us with one old sleeveless shirt and a pair of linen trousers that crease just at sight. Never has there been a better excuse than to discover a whole new wardrobe. Whether you're office bound or can enjoy the luxury of freelancing from bed, let the great and good of Instagram influencers inspire your professional summer wardrobe. From head-to-toe, let these five ladies lead your way….Credit: Instagram/@katherine_ormerodCredit: Instagram/@iamlaurajacksonCredit: Instagram/@carolineissaCredit: Instagram/@adakokosarCredit: Instagram/@adakokosar© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There aren’t many brands like Rixo. That mix of eccentricity but versatility, trend-setting but affordable(ish) and universally loved but not over-exposed is something that makes the London label seem truly unique. Started by ex-ASOS staffers Henrietta Rix and Orlagh Mcclosky, Rixo (see where they got that name?!) filled the gap in the market for playfully printed dresses, blouses and skirts that gave you the thrill of a vintage find but none of the stress of dealing with its previous wear and tear. For many of the same reasons, a Rixo-lover will feel the same palpations over LA-born label we are Leone.Founded by two sisters, Ruby and Tallulah Rufus Issacs who have ten years of industry experience in their back pocket, we are Leone creates dresses for shoppers unafraid of a little colour or print. Like Rixo’s their wrap dresses can also be worn as duster jackets or with a pair of jeans. And, just like the London label, these are the type of items that have people running up to you in the street asking, ‘where did you find it’.The Issacs were born in Los Angeles but grew up in Rome with stints in London, Paris, Switzerland and Modena, which you can tell from the worldliness of their pieces. Drawing inspiration from fabrics sourced on their travels and places they’ve visited means these are items that can take you from a wedding in St Tropez to hopping in an Uber for after work drinks. Much like Rixo pieces, really.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Don't you just love it when the worlds of fashion, entertainment and 90s nostalgia collide? Us too. Which is why we're totally into these new Zara t-shirts. Prepare to add to basket.Zara is no stranger to celebrating huge film and TV franchises in their clothing lines, of course. There have been Star Wars collections, that incredible Wonder Woman line back in 2016 and now, while as we continue to wallow in our Netflix binge pits over the lost glory days defined by everyone's six favourite New Yorkers, we've been gifted a modest line of Friends t-shirts.As it stands, there are two of these loose fitting cotton t-shirts available online. Both boast big, screenshot-style prints of a scene from the show across the chest. If you're not hot on your Friends trivia, they've popped the episode title on the shirt too. There's also a lovely little print on the reverse at the nape of the neck which, super fans will be able to identify in a heart beat.Credit: ZaraTake it all the way back to the very first episode when Rachel arrives at Central Perk after ditching Barry at the alter. As we've learned from the series' flashbacks, their lives would never have been the same had Monica not been so chill about Rachel moving in... Credit: ZaraRecognise the Central Perk logo? Credit: ZaraCredit: ZaraAre you even a Friends fan if you didn't contemplate recreating the scene when Monica put a turkey on her head with your Christmas turkey? Credit: ZaraThat little logo is of course the picture frame on the back of the front door to Monica's apartment. Credit: ZaraThe t-shirts are just £15.99 each, are available in sizes S to XL and just might be the addition to your casual summer wardrobe you've been looking for. In need of inspiration of how to style them? Let us refer you back to the queen of enviable 90s wardrobes, Miss Rachel Green.MORE: Zara Fan? Allow Us To Introduce You To The Other Brands That You'll Definitely LoveCalling all fans of '70s-style flares and floaty, floral midi-dresses. This cult Danish womenswear label launched over a decade ago, but thanks to Peak Hygge this year, has become our go-to Scandi brand of late.The online-only womenswear brand to watch this season. 'The KITRI girl is smart, fun and creative,' Haeni Kim, former ballerina and founder of KITRI tells Grazia. 'She's tech-savvy, takes her style cues from social media and the women she is inspired by on there.' Expect classic styles with a playful, contemporary twist and prices ranging from £65 to £145. 'New products will launch Monday every week,' Haeni says. 'It will start with 5-7 styles per week, curated to show what we think KITRI girls will want and need in her wardrobe.'The search for luxurious, unisex daywear is over. Enter: House of Sunny. The independent online brand is focused on minimal dressing and super-sized basics - think clean culottes, tees and chic loungewear.Chic, chic and more chic. Paris Georgia has the stylish simplicity Zara has, but with sleeker lines and finishes. The brand originates from New Zealand and is all about celebrating the female form.Zara's (more grown up) sister brand you might not have heard of - although in the UK, it is currently only available online. Chic and stylish catwalk copies for less than £100? SOLD.In need of a Parisian pick-me-up (who isn't)? France's first 'online fashion label' is on hand to inject some serious Brigitte Bardot vibes into your wardrobe, with their spring collection launching mid-March.WARNING: Get ready to spend major £££. We can't get enough this brand's achingly cool colourful tuxedos and statement tops. Chic work-to-pub wear that look 100 times more expensive? Er, yes please.Follow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotsha© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If it was 2008 and Gok Wan still had a prime time slot no one would be surprised at the power of the belt. But, it’s a decade later and when we say statement accessory you say ‘earrings’. However, this sly outfit-maker has stormed a comeback.We’re calling it the stealth wealth belt. Why? This light body-skimpy accessory looks so sumptuous it could only be owned by someone that need not be bothered by the banalities of dressing for purpose and practicality, only troubled by which PJ (private jet FYI) to hire and where to moor their yacht (S. France, of course). It’s not exactly practical (mind when is a statement accessory ever?) but it does have powerful potential to pull the waist into focus.After a season of ridiculously long belts - thank you Off-White - that have tails that refuse to be discreet, this is the natural next step. With summer comes seaside inclinations and there’s something a little nautical about the more reserved styles made of raw materials, but for a luxe upgrade, consider the bohemian approach, which has designers fashion their iterations out of silk and embellished with gilded edges.We’ve seen it slung around suits and amping up dresses, but don’t stop there. Try it with a swimsuit or tuck it into the loops of jeans, because this joyful belt is suitable for every occasion. Though Saint Laurent is making a strong case for their iteration, we have half a mind to head to our local haberdashery store (VV Reuleaux, natch) and make our own. It doesn’t seem too difficult after all - just buy a chunky silk rope and get crafty with a pair of curtain tassels. Mind, if that sounds like a hassle too far, we don’t blame you. However, add to your to-do list to check out offerings by Roksanda and ASOS. Though if even the thought of having to consider how to style this sounds like a headache then you’re in luck as a surprising amount of designers are selling their shorts, skirts, swimsuits and coats with rope belts looped in.tassel rope belt trend2of6© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The summer sales are in full swing, meaning that Amazon Prime Day 2018 is surely just around the corner. An exact date for the online one-stop shop's annual extravaganza of deals and discounts is yet to be confirmed, but that doesn't mean it's too early to start fine-tuning your shopping strategy. Here's everything you need to know...Prime Day is Amazon’s annual flash sale, usually falling in early July to coincide with the online colossus’s anniversary. The first event took place on July 15th 2015 to celebrate Amazon’s 21st birthday, and has got bigger ever since. The thousands of deals on offer tend to fall into two categories: reductions that will last the duration of Prime Day, and 'lightning' deals, which run for a limited time until they've sold out completely. Think of it as an Amazon-specific Black Friday that falls in the summer time, with the deals only available to Amazon Prime customers (time to activate that free 30 day subscription...)Finally, we have official confirmation from Amazon: this year's event will start on July 16th and last for a 36 hour period, continuing into July 17th ( just as the graphic banner promising 'an epic day (and a half) of our best ever deals' which was accidentally published on the UK site last month suggested...) So, mark your calendars and set your alerts accordingly: while a day and a half is plenty of time to browse the deals, we'd certainly recommend moving fast, as the best ones are unlikely to stick around for long...Details of Amazon's deals are usually kept under wraps until Prime Day itself, so it's hard to speculate ahead of time, but you can certainly expect a host of exclusive deals and promotions across the site's categories, from fashion and beauty to electricals and entertainment. Many of the best deals are on own-brand Amazon products and services: so if you've had an Echo, a Fire stick or a Kindle languishing in your basket for weeks, now is the perfect time to invest. To whet our appetites, the online shopping giant has started to tease the main event with a handful of early deals...4 months of Amazon Music Unlimited for 99p: Given that just one month of Amazon's Spotify equivalent would typically set you back £9.99, this is a pretty major saving.3 month free trial of extra Amazon channels: Discovery, BFI, Shudder and MGM: There's no better time to test out Prime's add-on streaming channels.3 month free trial of Kindle Unlimited: Perfectly timed for all your holiday reading needs, a Kindle Unlimited trial offers access to over 1 million books on your tablet or smartphone.30 percent off Amazon Fashion's exclusive labels: Truth & Fable, find and Iris & Lilly will be included in the Prime Day fun for the first time, each brand offering a discount of 30 percent. Find the deals at amazon.co.uk/primedayfashion.Last year’s event took place in 13 countries worldwide and saw over 100,000 new deals posted across the 30 hour period, which gives you an idea of the scale we can expect from 2018.Signing up for Amazon Prime is pretty simple: just head to amazon.co.uk/amazonprime and enter your details for a 30 day free trial, which includes unlimited free next day delivery (with same day options available in some areas), unlimited music streaming and access to thousands of films and TV shows through Prime Instant Video . Once those 30 days are up, you'll be automatically charged £7.99 per month if you choose to continue with the subscription.Keep checking back for more Amazon Prime Day news...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nothing quite dresses up an outfit like the perfect accessory. That's why it's important to be in the know about next season's earring trends, because the way in which you wear them can complete your look.This summer, four trends in particular will be hot-to-trot with the fash packs, so if you want in, then brush up on the styles below, and start adding to your jewellery collection, pronto...Earrings CollectionRather than sporting the traditional two earrings, fashionistas are now leaning towards donning a single one. While this is no doubt a hard trend to pull off, when done correctly, it can create a memorable look. To rock this trend, there's one thing to remember: no simple earring will do - if you're going to brave it alone then you need to be bold. Opt for mesmerising geometric shapes and statement pieces that will have heads turning.Styling tip: Marry a statement earring with a personalised charm necklace from Thomas Sabo's new Generation Charm Club. The new, stylish XL charm pendants can be combined in sets to create unique pieces of jewellery that reflects your personality.Ear Studs CollectionThis summer earring trend draws inspiration from under-the-sea, making it perfect for the holiday season. Think dainty, maritime styles like boho starfish studs and gorgeous ocean colours. Depending on how bespoke you want your look to be, you can choose to wear the little starfish ear studs as a pair, or mix-and-match different styles together for something a little more personalised.Styling tip: Create the perfect maritime style by also donning a bespoke charm bracelet. Our favourite pendants? The anchor, starfish and seashell, which will help you round off the sailors look like a pro.Hoop CollectionHoops made an incredible comeback last year - and you'll be pleased to know that they're still reigning supreme this summer, too. The key to wearing them in a modern way is simple: ditch the plain rose gold or silver oversized hoops, and instead don smaller hoops with minimalist details. Opt for the likes of two-tone hoop earrings, triangular-shaped designs, or en vogue sparkling hoops for ultimate cool-girl vibes.Styling tip: Keep the hoops theme running by wearing a circle charm necklace around your neck. Leave it bare for a minimalistic look, or add in charms to make it more lively.Tropical CollectionIf you have a taste for the exotic, then you'll be drawn to the tropical trend, which features statement jewellery, ornate details and vibrant colours. When choosing earrings, look for graphic details like Aztec patterns, colourful beading and stone embellishments, and beautiful feather designs. We love.Styling tip: Stack ornate rings and mix-and-match colourful bracelets to ooze radiance and energy.Shop Generation Charm Club and other jewellery from Thomas Sabo here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Haute Couture knows opulence. The designers that show during this prestigious fashion week deal in extravagance - not just in price, but craftsmanship. It’s not chintzy mind, but there is enough glitz, glamour and embellishment (this season in the form of feathers and beading) to make the most reserved bride start a new Pinterest board.For those in the market for a swishing gown, Giambattista Valli has miles of ruffles to offer. Meanwhile, Alexis Mabille, Ellie Saab and Giorgio Armani Prive are upping the glitz. There’s is a fairytale aesthetic. Though not played out on cupcake gowns, the attention to detail and pristine three-dimensional sequins and beading has the Princess-y minded catered for. For modern nuptials - like that of a town hall register office - a suit has been weaponised for low-octane, high-impact. Chanel’s skirt suit worn with ankle boots feels modish, while Atelier Sonia Rykiel’s shirtless drapery adds sex appeal through mannish tailoring. Very modern brides willing to take a sartorial gamble should also look to Rykiel where denim and corseting makes a thrilling (and frilling) combination or to Giambattista Valli where the humble polka dot gilds stark white dresses.On the topic of colour, the wedding day palette is being blown wide open with Christian Dior’s soft tan tones and Fendi’s violet. Meanwhile, Chanel who notoriously close their Couture shows with a bridal look chose a mint green skirt suit worn by Adut Akech Bior. Meanwhile, if you're a guest at an upcoming nuptial don't discount this colour scheme as it may prove you chicer than the bride (sacrilege)!Whether you’re in the market for a six-figure dress or just inspiration, take a look through this romantically-minded gallery.Credit: Shutterstockhaute couture bridal wedding inspiration2of27© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While everyone on Instagram is spouting the need for a digital detox (irony intended), the world of couture fashion is finding every possible way to keep us attached to our phones. In fact, John Galliano brought iPhones to the catwalk for his AW18 Couture collection for Maison Margeila, literally strapping them to models ankles.He’s known for his out-of-the-box thinking when it comes to footwear, but Galliano’s take on wearable technology is a new height for couture fashion. In what we can only assume was a move inspired by the great sat nav, the Paris show saw models walking with iPhone holsters attached to their legs and arms.In Galliano’s own words, he wanted to explore the world of ‘neo-digital natives’. In a podcast that accompanied the show, The Memory Of…, he said:‘The AW18 collection is my interpretation of nomads. We’re all nomads today, and we’re attached to our iPhones and our iPads, they’re everything, and we move in these tribes... I came up with this term, ‘neo-digital natives’, and this is a further exploration into that.’Not content with keeping iPhones on our bodies in any way possible, the show also saw VR headsets strapped to models, and one of the heavily padded coats even had a TV screen on the back, streaming the entire show no less.With couture fashion often considered very old-world glamour, this seems to be showing an intention to delve into the modern world while maintaining couture’s avant-garde allure. So, will you adopt the Margeila iPhone arm holster look for A/W? You may already have a dupe on your car dashboard...Credit: RexNatalie Portman opted for a chic black mini dress and accessorised the minimal look with tinted sunglasses and a miniature Dior bag.Paris Couture Fashion Week - Grazia2of17Natalie Portman opted for a chic black mini dress and accessorised the minimal look with tinted sunglasses and a miniature Dior bag.Elizabeth Olsen opted for a co-ordinating two-piece for the Dior show. She finished the look with oversized sunglasses and a contrasting miniature clutch.  Jennifer Lawrence arrived in Paris for the Dior show in a frayed cardigan, high-top Converse trainers and of course, a Dior bag.Winnie Harlow donned a camel-hued two-piece for the Dior show. She teamed the look with Dior-emblazoned co-ords beneath and heels.Natalia Vodianova opted for a crisp embroidered shirt and tassel-hemmed skirt for the Dior show. Carine Roitfeld arrived at the Rodarte show dressed in a khaki coat and patent heels.  Joan Smalls and Kendall Jenner pictured at the Miu Miu show. Models of the moment Kendall Jenner, Joan Smalls and Bella Hadid arrive in Paris.Elle Fanning arrived at the Miu Miu show in a pastel pink embellished dress.  Bella opted for a thigh-split dress and fur shrug for Paris Haute Couture Week.Natalie Portman opted for a white dress accessorised with a Dior miniature handbag and red lipstick.Bella Hadid opted for a sheer dress with '90s sunglasses for the Dior show.Lilly Collins arrived at the Chanel couture show in an embellished top and blue jeans.Kristen Stewart opted for a cold-shoulder bodysuit for the Chanel couture show.Katy Perry opted for printed co-ords for the Chanel couture show.Olivia Palermo chose a gold pleated skirt and buttoned-up shirt for the Fendi show.Bella Hadid proved orange is the new yellow during Paris Couture Fashion Week. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In these troubled times when Chechnya has been accused of gay purges and Russia’s anti-gay policies aren’t under scrutiny because…The World Cup, duh, being an ally of the LGBTQ+ community requires more than slapping on a rainbow.If the body is political and fashion is a way of communicating then a natural way of showing your Pride Month support is by using your clothing to spread a powerful message. Watching a Pride parade – in London at least – showcases the tensions of our current socio-economic climate. Amongst the celebration and pro-Pride outpouring there is a dominating presence of corporations. Companies, like banks and supermarkets (Barclays and Tesco, for instance), sponsor floats while Transport for London paints its logo the colours of the rainbow. Though the ‘official partners’, which range from mobile networks to airlines, are championed by Pride organizers for their support to stamp out prejudice, it can be hard to see past their own insignia.However, hundreds of brands have forsaken their bottom line to design collections in collaboration with charities and not-for-profits that spend not just Pride month, but the whole year fighting for equality. Labels, like Levi’s, Gap, ASOS, Calvin Klein and Doc Martens have devised pieces that will feedback and fund progress. It’s now up to us to show that Pride is good for business. ‘How’ you ask? By shopping these pieces, of course.Show your true colours with Henry Holland's label House of Holland's vivid rainbow-hued collection of suits that donates 25 per cent of sales to The Albert Kennedy Trust benefits. With the motto 'Stand proud. Stand united', ASOS has partnered with the LGBTQ+ charity GLAAD on a 22-piece collection that is available in all sizes and for all genders.  The global pride celebrations may only last a month, but show your support the year round with this Wild Feminist t-shirt, which donates proceeds to The Trevor ProjectAs part of River Island's on-going anti-bullying campaign, Ditch The Labels, their 'Hearts not parts' and '100% proud' gender-neutral slogan tops celebrate LGBTQ+ communities and donate £3 of each sale to charity. In honour of pride month, Madewell has created a limited edition t-shirt and tote that donates to America's largest civil rights organization, Human Rights Campaign. Don't let the weather rain on your pride parade with Stutterheim Vladimir's rainbow raincoat, which gifts 10 per cent of the price to international LGBTQ charities. Kickstart equality with Dr Martens' rainbow washed 1460 boots that have a hidden message on the sole. A portion of the sale of each tie-dye shoe goes the Trevor Project. aise awareness and take pride while celebrating the life and work of the rainbow flag designer and gay activist Gilbert Baker with Weekday's slogan t-shirt collection that donates proceeds to the UN's free and equal campaign.Make a point with statement jewellery, like these MG glass seed beaded earrings that donate 50 per cent of profits to the Stonewall FoundationIn collaboration with the Harvey Milk Foundation, Levi's has devised a line of tee's, shorts and accessories that advocate for the LGBTQ+ community.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Of all the things Couture fashion week can be accused of, a reality check is not one of them. Rarely does an event so spenny it could make an oligarch blush be accused of moving with the times. When designers at this prestigious Parisian showcase present jeans we say ‘wow, how modern’. But, when Karl Lagerfeld made the historic move this week of closing his show with a bridal look worn by a woman of colour, sadly this was a landmark occassion.Each year, Chanel closes its Couture catwalk show with a model handpicked by Kaiser Karl who gets the great honour of wearing a wedding dress. Previous Chanel brides include Kendall Jenner, Cara Delevingne and Alek Wek (in 2004). Since Wek, there’s been a lull with no WoC cast in this role, until Sudanese model Adut Akech Bior who made fashion history this week as the second ever Chanel bride. It's 2018 - how has it taken this long to get this base level of diversity and representation?‘Wow where do I even begin. After opening the last Chanel cruise show, I honestly didn’t think it could get any better but I was wrong because I just closed this one,’ the model wrote on Instagram. ‘There is no amount of words that can express what this moment means to me. The beauty of having a dream, is watching it come to life.’For the final look, Bior wore a mint green (are we still calling this neo green?) skirt suit with heavy embellishment and an abbreviated veil.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though her ‘Never complain, never explain’ mantra means that interviews are few and far between, we like to think that Kate Moss has the best sense of humour in fashion. There was the time she and Naomi Campbell appeared (with Noel Gallagher, of course) on a special edition of Gogglebox, snacking on Monster Munch and putting British TV to rights. There've been a handful of Comic Relief appearances (some of which have aged better than others). And there was her willingness to send herself up as a major plot point in 2016's so-bad-it's good-but-it's-actually-still-bad Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie.In terms of the sheer volume of its celebrity cameos being inversely proportional to its quality, Ab Fab: The Movie can only be rivalled by Zoolander 2, and for those who are yet to experience this cinematic treat_,_ the plot goes something like this: our Bolly-addled heroines Patsy and Edina accidentally knock Mossy into the River Thames, where the supermodel apparently meets a watery end. Our duo then flee to the French Riviera, but (spoiler alert) it soon transpires that Mossy's 'death' is not all it seems. Cue an actually quite brilliant shot of Kate, dressed in green sequins with a fag in one hand and a glass of champagne in the other, crawling onto the banks of the Thames estuary.It's this image that we can't help but recall when looking at YSL's new autumn-winter campaign. The striking ads for Anthony Vaccarello's #YSL17 collection, which were shot by Dutch photographer duo Inez & Vinoodh, see Mossy emerging from some much cleaner, clearer waters onto a tropical beach, wearing two new sequinned ensembles: both one-pieces with Vaccarello's signature power-shoulders, intricately embellished with floral prints. And while we're guessing (for their sakes) that neither Vaccarello nor his campaign collaborators have sat through the 91 minutes of Ab Fab: The Movie, we can only assume that Mossy saw the funny side...See Kate's full YSL campaign for Winter '18 below...Credit: YSL / Inez & VinoodhCredit: YSL / Inez & VinoodhCredit: YSL / Inez & VinoodhCredit: YSL / Inez & VinoodhCredit: YSL / Inez & Vinoodh© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s been quite a year for Clare Waight Keller. In the past 12 months, the British designer has unveiled her first collection as creative director for storied fashion house Givenchy, created what will surely prove to be the most talked-about dress of the year in Meghan Markle’s wedding gown and has now debuted her second couture collection for the French brand. It seems, too, that Waight Keller forged a strong bond with the new Duchess of Sussex in those wedding planning days: for a string of high profile royal events in the weeks following the ceremony, including an outing with the Queen and her debut at Royal Ascot, Meghan has defaulted back to bespoke Givenchy. It all points to one conclusion: that in Waight Keller, the Duchess has found her go-to tailor (just as Kate Middleton relies on her wedding dress designer, McQueen's Sarah Burton, for royal events).Waight Keller's latest couture collection, revealed in Paris on Sunday and billed as a tribute to founder Hubert de Givenchy, who passed away earlier this year, was a celebration of the house's heritage. A tribute to Givenchy, of course, wouldn't be complete without a nod towards his favourite muse, Audrey Hepburn, which came in the form of a Holly Golightly-style black slip dress, complete with rounded neckline and cutaway back (made famous thanks to that ubiquitous film still), and a finale set to the tune of Moon River. However, this was a modern re-working, not just a simple step back through Givenchy’s considerable archives. With its clean lines, bold use of texture and sculptural shapes, the collection felt fresh and – yes – fit for a Duchess ready to re-write the rules on royal style. Below, you'll find the looks that would slot seamlessly into Meghan's new regal wardrobe...Credit: ShutterstockWe've seen Meghan wear the cape dress before: first a Stella McCartney style for the Queen's birthday concert, and then custom Givenchy for her first royal engagement with Her Majesty. With its sweeping train and exaggerated shoulders, this would be a powerful eveningwear look (next year's BAFTAs, perhaps?)Credit: ShutterstockThis embellished skirt in slate grey would neatly slot into Meghan's working wardrobe, and though the draped blouse and scattered necklace of the catwalk look is exquisite, we can just as easily see the Duchess pairing it with a high street buy (M&S jumper, anyone?)Credit: ShutterstockThe velvet cowl is probably a little too directional for your average royal meet-and-greet, but it's not hard to picture Meghan wearing a pared-back version of Waight Keller's Hepburn-referencing finale look, complete with the now-iconic back detailing.Credit: ShutterstockMeghan clearly knows the power of a good coat: think back to some of her most striking looks (wedding dress aside, of course) and you'll find that they're all built around great outerwear. This beige trench is an undisputed classic which could be re-worn for years to come.Credit: ShutterstockFor royal engagements, Meghan has embraced clean lines and simple, structured tailoring, and one of her most striking looks to date was a McQueen tux, worn for a charity gala earlier this year. Should she opt for a non-traditional approach to eveningwear again, this sequinned jacket and tailored trousers combo would do the trick.Credit: ShutterstockSince she officially became Duchess of Sussex, Meghan has tended towards neutral tones on the blush-pink end of the  spectrum (a subtle way of ensuring her outfits always complement the Queen's, some have speculated). Still, we'd love to see her inject some brighter hues into her new royal wardrobe, and this half-and-half colour-block style presents the happiest of mediums. Credit: ShutterstockWhat better way to make a statement at a Buckingham Palace ball or diplomatic reception than with this one-shouldered number, featuring a shimmering fringed skirt and  a more sober body in black velvet? Just add a heirloom tiara...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite being immortalised in the pop culture history thanks to a certain film starring Meryl Streep, there’s much more than meets the eye when it comes to dissecting the genius that is Prada. Most of which is down to the woman at the helm, the one and only Miuccia Prada.Started by brothers Mario and Martino Prada in Milan in 1913, the Prada brand, known originally as Fratelli Prada, began life as a leather goods shop. Creating luxury trunks and handbags for well heeled Italians, Prada even became the official supplier of leather goods to the Italian Royal Household.However, it wasn’t until Miuccia Prada, Mario’s granddaughter, joined the family business in the seventies when the brand became a player on the world fashion stage. An academic (she has a Phd in political science), a trained mime and a political activist (with the communist party and women’s rights movement), it’s no surprise Miuccia had big plans for her family’s fashion business.She began her time at the company by creating Prada’s first footwear collection, and by 1978 she’d designed the brand’s first cult item, the now-famous nylon backpack. Arguably the original ‘it’ bag, this utilitarian item signalled a new era for the brand and bestowed them a new legion of younger fans.Miuccia’s star continued to rise with the introduction of ready-to-wear in 1989, and the following launch of Miu Miu, a more affordable line inspired by her own personal wardrobe, in 1992. With her husband and Prada CEO, Patrizio Bertelli at her side, the duo grew the business into a conglomerate that now includes big name labels such as Fendi, Helmut Lang, Jil Sander, and Azzedine Alaïa.From using high profile architects to ensure a superior in-store experience to diversifying across menswear, fragrance, watched, jewellery and more, shrewd business decisions have seen the brand grow from strength to strength. Subsequently Miuccia was named one of Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People in 2005 and the 75th most powerful woman in the world by Forbes in 2014. With 618 boutiques around the, over 12,000 staff and revenue of nearly 4 billion in 2016, the brand continues to flourish.Effortless luxury has always been the brand’s USP and despite their competitors reliance on logo-heavy pieces, Prada has always stuck to its gun and made it all about the design, not the branding. Miuccia manages to reinvent the Prada aesthetic season after season, forever keeping the customer guessing and the excitement alive.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Paris Fashion Week, in particular, Couture, never fails to gift us surprising celebrity cameos (hello, remember Celine Dion and Kanye’s legendary appearances). Though often confined to the front row, this time around the star-studded cast took to Miu Miu’s resort show catwalk.Last March, Miu Miu’s Miuccia Prada tapped Elle Fanning to open and close their show. Doing one better, the Italian label asked it’s celebrity guests to walk the runway, rather than sit beside it. Opening with Rowan Blanchard and closing with Uma Thurman, it saw Chloe Sevigny, Sadie Sink, Kate Bosworth, Gwendoline Christie and Alexa Chung model the brand’s newest collection alongside professionals Naomi Campbell, Taylor Hill and Adwoa Aboah.Credit: Shutterstockmiu miu resort 20181of12Obviously, this isn’t the first time that celebrities have moonlighted as models - Madonna’s walked for Jean Paul Gaultier, Julianne Moore strutted for Tom Ford and Zoë Kravitz has sauntered down Balenziaga’s catwalk - but Sunday night’s casting is one for the history books.Indeed it makes sense that the famous faces that will likely wear the collection in months to come for red carpet events showcase the label’s latest wears. It aligns the celebrity's and brand's star power, while the breadth of ages cast spotlights the versatility of the fashion house’s clothes.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Between swilling Aperol Spritz’s and hosting marathon barbecues, one thing has occurred to me: summer is expensive. It’s the opposite of Christmas - that you see coming and know full well will blow your finances - but summer it’s more like washing your hair. Day one to three is just about fine, day four you need to put it up, day five you’re hitting the dry shampoo like never before but by day six your can is empty and your hair looks a mess, much like your finances in mid-August. There is only so long free-fall spending can continue, but with this heatwave still alight our work wardrobe needs a serious rethinking, which let’s be honest means a certain amount of expenditure.Considering the summer holidays haven’t officially started we’ve got months of after-hours socializing and humid offices to budget for. What we need is double-duty items, pieces that can sleuth-like work in multiple contexts and not sacrifice style for professionalism (and vice-versa). whether you’re freelance or a high-flying exec, trounce the competition with these five outfits that can be effortlessly translated for multiple extracurricular activities.Credit: Instagram/@monikhworkwear july 1st2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After the rise of razor-sharp tailoring followed by a season of oversized fits (thanks Balenciaga), this slouchy, sexy replacement is a welcome third act. Recognisable by its mainstay add-on, a matching waist-belt, it does away with boring corporate connotations.For many women, the main pitfall with trousers suits is the shape itself. Cheap creased fabric may be off-putting, but it is the boxy margins of a classic silhouette that do so little for women’s natural curves. The cinch is a simple trick but as seen at Duro Olowu and Chloé and on Emily Ratajkowski, Martha Hunt and Yara Shahidi, it’s an effective one. The soft power of the fluid cut and architectural appendage of a belt creates an attractive style for all shapes and sizes.See And Shop The Look:Credit: Shutterstockbelted suits2of9Riffing on the 70s, this is a feel-good fit - in more than one way. Newly relaxed, it’s a dose more comfortable than the constrictive tailoring of a structured suit. Following the double-breasted and masculine cuts of earlier seasons, this feels less alpha, like the whole concept of a suit has been reframed for the female form.Look to Balmain, Sies Marjan and Arket for this trend fully-formed. Their suits are designed to facilitate the knot of a tie or the clinch of a belt. However, if you're keen to keep your current suits in rotation discover the benefit of the talking point waistline with the addition of a loose tassel belt like Elaine Welteroth and Martha Hunt have. For the latter turn to Saint Laurent and Thierry Coulson for this instant update.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I for one am extremely tired of hearing ‘XXX is the new black’. But, this time it’s real. Yellow like Vincent Van Gogh’s sunflowers, like Beyonce fabulously smashing up cars, like Snapchat, like Amal Clooney trouncing everyone (Meghan included?) at the Royal Wedding. This single shade that’s been reductively called ‘Gen Z’ yellow is coming for your wardrobe this summer.Credit: ShutterstockUnlike the vanilla-ness of white, yellow is drenched with culture. Unpopping it requires disavowing what it's done for art, music and literature - think of Yellow Wallpaper, one of the first published feminist narratives. On the latter point, the changing way of yellow, it's uncanniness and gender neutrality has a political undertone that explains its pressing relevance to feminism and protest. Like millennial pink before it, it's equally optimistic and nostalgic. However, unlike its predecessor, it's zesty and energetic, a real mood setter. Credit: ShutterstockThat image of Amal wearing Stella McCartney with George Clooney beaming on her arm is the standard bearer for the new trend. It appeared on the runways of Rodarte, Kenzo and Calvin Klein as well as playing a key role in spring's street style scene. Yet, it was when Bella Hadid pitched up at Virgil Abloh's first Louis Vuitton men's catwalk show in a zingy neon suit with matching nails it was impossible to ignore the full-whack of this powerful shade. Credit: ShutterstockAdmittedly it doesn’t seem like the easiest hue to wear - honestly, orange would be softer on the complexion - but its unapologetic brightness is its appeal. While the heatwave burns on a colour this vivid settles under the sunlight. Look to Ralph & Russo, Marques’Almeida, Whistles and Kitri for a zesty injection.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever noticed how suddenly attractive items become when they are affordable? Though sale season is God’s gift to shoppers, discovering a charming brand that compellingly priced can feel like winning the lottery (albeit one where you give away money rather than get). Since launching her eponymous label Rejina Pyo has made simplicity eccentric and colour contagious. Trends spring out her runway shows like fully-formed visions of the women we want to be. There’s a catch though - her prices don’t allow for mid-month mass-orders. Where Rejina Pyo’s imaginative silhouettes and trend-leading dresses declare war on your wallet and massage your soul, House of Sunny may satisfy the same tastebuds but are slightly friendly on your pay packet.Started seven years ago in London, House of Sunny has a welcome refrain: ‘independent and affordable essentials for everyday wear with a point of difference.’ With pieces sourced and designed in the UK, there’s the same homegrown British quirkiness to this label as to Rejina Pyo's. The look is compelling and hard to ignore when it chimes it at under £100. For instance, they make ruffles look fuss-free and gingham seem modern. If you like prints this may not be the label for you, but with 11 collections under their belt and over 50 stockists it’s safe to say House of Sunny has already found it’s niche audience. We for one are sold.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even if you're no football fan, you'll almost certainly have heard that England are moving into the knock-out rounds of the World Cup. Our boys have delivered the goods on the field and now luxury e-com Yoox is upping the anti in our wardrobes. The retailer, which just so happens to own Net-A-Porter, have commission 14 designers to make fantasy football kits to support their home nations.Vivienne Westwood has gone back to her roots with a monochrome kit emblazoned with the word ‘Punk’ in a sketchy font England. Meanwhile, London Fashion Week favourites Marques’Almeida’s aim, shoot and score with an artistic rendering of the Portuguese flag for their strip. Meanwhile, Seoul's pushBUTTON has refashioned a jersey for South Korea, Y/Projects have crafted a rather restrained design for Belgium and Delopozo has illustrated tops and sweaters for Spain with their own version of an 11-player team. No wonder the collection has been dubbed 'Soccer Couture'.All proceeds from sales of the collection will be donated to the Russian-founded charity Stars of Children, which helps assist children through sports.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re familiar with Zara - let’s face it what self-respecting fashion-loving woman isn’t - then you’ll know all too well their pieces sell out fast. Each season they master the cult buy and this summer is no different. The Spanish retailer has already tantalized us with basket-weave sandals and pastel suits, but they aren’t stopping there.It’s Friday, which means there is less than 12 hours to squeeze a weekend’s worth of work in before 6pm. However, that doesn’t mean you don’t have time to add to basket a dress for Monday morning or a pair of heels for next week. With easy check-out and quick shipping, the purchasing contingent isn’t the problem, it’s the hundreds and hundreds of options. As professional shoppers (just ask our bank managers) we’ve done the hard graft and narrowed the best new stock down to just 18 items. For the upcoming wedding make a Kira Kira move in a sequined ruffles skirt. If you have a holiday on the horizon make sure to pack those black studded sandals that will transform a summer dress from day-to-night. And, if you’re a Meghan Markle fan (TBH who isn’t?!) then you just have to see that boatneck scarlet blazer, it has the Duchess’ signature cut at a fraction of the price of her Givenchy staples.Sack off the end of the workday and have scroll through the gallery nowZara shopping fashion clothes accessories edit2of18© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Getting married soon? A wedding gift list is the way to avoid getting 20 toasters and 14 kettles on your big day, and actually get some things you want instead. Take a break from all the stressful parts of planning a wedding, because this is one of the fun bits.Rumour has it Meghan and Harry even had a secret gift list for their wedding! In the run-up they requested that any well-wishers make a donation to one of seven charities they have specially selected, rather than send a congratulatory gift.But a report by the Sunday Times revealed that Harry and Meghan didn't actually do away with the traditional gift list: instead, they had a private list with member’s club Soho House, which was only shared with their closest friends and family.So, make like Harry and Meghan and get picking some wedding gifts, here's some inspiration for your own list, starting at £20 and going up to £200.Credit: House of FraserYou'll probably take more pictures on your wedding day than any other day in your life, here's a place to store one of them. Credit: John LewisOK Google, isn't this the perfect time to upgrade your tech? You and your partner can keep up to date with news and weather using this hands-free gizmo. Credit: John LewisThere's nothing like a rose-scented candle to add a touch of romance to the home... especially if you can't be bothered to sprinkle rose petals everywhere. Credit: John LewisAnother way to add a touch of romance, a pair of Vera Wang candlesticks - because you probably don't have these already. Credit: LibertyTime to put your joint stamp on your home with this delightfully absurd tomato box - which could probably fit a whole load of other fruit too. Credit: Soho HouseHere's to many more toast with (less than four or they'll have to use a mug) friends. Credit: House Of FraserGoing on a honeymoon and want to show off your new status? This one's for you. Credit: John LewisEven if you got married in the summer, you'll need something to snuggle under in the winter - might as well make it cashmere. Credit: LibertyAfter all the STRESS of wedding prep, and the nerves of the big day, you'll need something to clear the air. Credit: House Of FraserThis is such a classic it's almost cliche, BUT if you don't have one of these already now is the time to get one. Credit: LibertyCool wine is must, and there's never enough space in the fridge anyway... Credit: LibertyWant to put your own unique stamp on your home as a newly married couple, pineapple bookends should do it. Credit: John LewisNothing says I love you like a heart-shaped casserole dish! WATCH NOW: Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Are Married!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Susie Cave knows how to make a dress. The designer that’s adored by Sienna Miller and championed by Alexa Chung may have started out making one-offs for friends but has grown her business The Vampire’s Wife into a bona fide fashion phenomenon. A touch retro and high on the glam stakes, the quintessential cut of her frocks is a certifiable icon - like the Roland Mouret ‘Galaxy’ or Diane von Furstenberg’s wrap dresses it’s universally flattering. Since the model wife of singer Nick Cave is now garnering international attention she’s decided to refract the spotlight onto a needed cause.In collaboration with Africa-based NGO mothers2mothers, The Vampire’s Wife designed 17 cotton dresses to raise money and awareness for critical health issues and HIV. A donation of £300 from the sale of each £495 goes to the charity, which works to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV.‘I am delighted to be working with mothers2mothers. m2m is a truly inspiring organisation, a charity that is making tremendous headway in the elimination of paediatric Aids in Africa. I lived in Malawi as a child, so it is a great thrill to be given the opportunity to make a dress in a fabric reminiscent of the wild vibrant wax printed Chitenge fabric of Malawi. I hope you like the mother2mothers Dress’ said Susie Cave, creative director of TVW.Mothers2mother tackles the pressing need to secure a bright future of children whose family has been blighted by HIV. They offer training, employment and support for mothers living with the disease.This collaborative dress launched online yesterday sold out within 24 hours but the work of m2m continues.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The nature of Instagram has made discovering new brands as easy as making a cup of tea. Giving the fear of God to traditional jewellery labels, there is a slew of edgier, lesser-known designers that influencers are switching us on to.Take Gimaguas for instance, this Spanish label founded by twins Sayan and Claudia is a necessary addition to your vacation wardrobe. To jump on the pukka shell trend without spending a small fortune look no further than their pukka necklaces and earrings. Likewise, for a dose of childhood nostalgia and a pop of colour on your wrist get to know Roxanne Assoulin's lust-worthy arm charms.Scroll, double tap, add to basket - you know what to do.Inspired by Dante's Divine Comedy, London-based Oxford graduate Rosh Mahtani draws on the landscape and scenescapes of the epic poem for her jewellery line AlighieriSince collaborating with influencer Lucy Williams the British demi-fine jewellery line Missoma has been spotted all over Instagram. Susan Alexandra (along with Shrimps) is responsible for this summer's beaded bag trend, but it would be a mistake to overlook her delightful hand enameled accessories while hunting out her handbags. Invoking the clean Scandinavian design she grew up with, Sophie Bilie Brahe pays respect to the materials she uses by elegantly highlighting each element of construction. Likely the name Lizzie Fortunato doesn't ring any bells but this underappreciated label was founded by twins Lizzie and Kathryn Fortunato in 2008. Together they pull on architecture and historical design for inspiration and work with precious materials to create unique pieces beloved by Natalie Joos and Anya Ziourova.Since 1986 jeweller Alex Monroe has been crafting delicate quirky pieces spiced with a naturalistic quality. For an injection of colour, New York label Khai Khai's jewellery is just the ticket. Founded by Haim Medine (as in Lenadra's brother) it shows the instinct for shape, shade and fun runs in the family. Pukka connoisseur Leandra Medine (of ManRepeller) says 'this brand is for you if you like feeling as though you're wearing a silvered or gilded version of the ocean around your neck, your wrists or on your pinky finger'. As a label loved by the likes of Yara Shahidi and Olivia Culpo there's no denying that Dannijo has cultural capital on Instagram. Toying with the idea of 'costume' jewellery, Roxanne Assoulin's work is reminiscent of childhood accessories. Always in vivid colours, her is aptly described as 'Jewellery that makes you smile'. The Spanish label Gimaguas specialises in playful and affordable accessories. Started by twins Sayan and Claudia, the label is infused with the heat of summer and the freedom of holidays. Engaging her gemology and art history training the French jeweller Aurelie Bidermann fuses craftsmenship and colour for her eponymous brand. With an MBA to her name Nina Kastens is the buisness and design brains behind her own label. Her work looks at sculpture and design for inspiration, which lends it an artistic quality that's hard to ignore. Though better known for her angular sunglasses, of which Bella Hadid is a fan, Poppy Lissiman also does a mean line in accessories that are equally colourful and quirky. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though the price is alluring there’s a payoff that comes with shopping in Topshop. Likely, one of your friends will have the same dress and if not the same item, different print. Also, high-up in the real-life possibilities is that the piece won’t be made quite as well as you were hoping, but that’s what you get when you pay £30 for a silk dress. What we love about Topshop outweighs the bad but don’t get us wrong, we’d still love a more luxe option. Enter De La Vali.In certain circles, De La Vali is already cult. Stylist Harriet Stewart, Millie Mackintosh and former Grazia editor Hannah Almassi have already been spotted in the label’s red polka dot ‘Juliette’ dress (see above for a compare and contrast with Topper’s take on the gown). No doubt part of this Balearic brand is its association with Kate Moss. Not only is Mossy an unofficial spokesperson but her bohemian-inflected wardrobe looks like a walking mood board of the label.Though it’s been ten years since Kate Moss collaborated with Topshop, if our dream dress could magically appear in front of us we know what form it would take: tangerine-coloured with a fishtail and ruffles. A lot has changed in a decade – Brexit, Trump, Love Island without celebrities – but that unfilled desire lives on. Luckily, De La Vali have a very similar alternative for sale. The same goes for the studded ‘Billy Ray’ Jacket from the brand, which is the brainchild of design duo Jana Sacha Haveman and Laura Castro. For a dose of old-school Topshop and Kate Moss charm, look no further than our gallery below.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With payday a week away we’re itching for something new. We’ve named it ‘seasonal sale slump’ – that feeling when your wardrobe looks barren but the best of the summer sale items have already been taken. Positively obsessed with Scandi label Ganni, its new-in section is a shopping no-brainer and the only remedy for SSS.When it comes to mastering trends and taste levels it’s always one step ahead and fully aware of how tricky items can work in real life. Take the wrap dress for instance. For a woman, like myself, a gaping closure is enough to turn me right off an item but seen paired with a t-shirt underneath and suddenly my modesty radar is buzzing and my credit card is burning a hole in my pocket. After a pair of summer holiday shorts that aren’t too matronly or too Love Island? Look no further.Like many women, I shop high and I shop low, which is something Ganni understands. How so? It’s all too easy to be lulled into spending £75 on a t-shirt only to turn round and realise a £400 dress has snuck into your basket. Be warned, these 18 items are hard to walk away from.Ganni: Grazia edit2of18© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s hard to imagine a time without it, but there’s still something quite shocking about the fast-approaching 10th anniversary of Keeping Up With The Kardashians. Have we seriously been watching Kim throw hissy fits about lost diamond earrings and too-naked naked photoshoots for 10 YEARS?!?! Why yes, yes we have (or we will have come KUWTK’s official 10-year on 14 October), but those are far from the only things we’ve witnessed. Perhaps the most spectacular transformation we’ve kept up with is Mrs Kardashian West’s ever-changing style.Behold, the evolution of Kimmy K’s wardrobe, from babydoll to bandage, Balmain and beyond…Of course, Kim was exiting celebrity hotspot Les Deux when this pap shot was taken – she was probably only a couple of steps behind the cast of The Hills. There's something quite sweet about the colourful print of her babydoll frock, not to mention the matchy-matchy vibe of her handbag and peep-toe heels. 2007 Kim at Les Deux = not too dissimilar to 2007 us at our school disco.Well, she is Kris Jenner's daughter, so it's not entirely surprising that Kim wanted to show who's boss in this waistcoat and trews combo for a 2007 BET Awards party.Kim must have had shares in Herve Leger in the late 00s. Seriously.An icon wearing an icon. The Juicy sweatsuit, preferably in pink velour, was the only athleisure to be seen in circa 2007.Try to ignore the fact that Kim's at a birthday party for Big Mac; she's also owning those overalls. We might just have to take inspiration from this look for our next Ibiza trip. Maybe with less bangles.Sometimes in life, you have to distance yourself from a scandal via the medium of clothing. In this case, while attending the 2008 Teen Choice Awards in a positively virginal prom dress, Kim is saying, 'Parents, ignore what you've heard, I am a great role model for your teenage daughters.' Or something like that.…so Kim went for jeans and a nice top, didn't she? Note, this was at a Blackberry launch party, and we all know KKW was the phone's number one fan.Remember on KUWTK when Kim admitted that Kanye had gotten his hands on her wardrobe? We like to think this velvet jumpsuit, which Kim wore on one of their earliest trips together in London, was one of the first looks he styled. It just has that regal Yeezus air about it, don't you think?Kim has made no secret of the fact she hated being pregnant, particularly the first time around, when her growing bump was regularly encased in bodycon frocks and way higher heels than we'd care to totter in without a tiny person inside of us. But, of course, her most recognisable (and meme-d) pregnancy look was the floral Givenchy gown Kim wore to the 2013 Met Gala.Kim's go-to designer post-North was Atsuko Kudo, the London-based latex queen responsible for many a slick, skin-tight Kardash look. Think of all the lube she must have gone through slipping into those frocks. You could never accuse Keeks of lacking dedication to a look.Nothing says 'I love my husband' quite like wearing a see-through body stocking from his latest collection.Balmain designer Olivier Rousteing considers Kim his ultimate muse and thankfully the love is mutual. While she's been wearing Balmain for as long as we can remember, her obsession seemed to peak between 2014 and 2015, and she's undoubtedly part of the reason the house's 2015 H&M collaboration was so coveted. Let's not forget Olivier's collaboration with Kanye's Yeezy label in 2016, plus Kimye's Balmain Met Gala looks that same year.KKW's bump-baring Givenchy look at New York Fashion Week in September 2015 is nothing short of iconic. Hi, Saint, we see you!Kim's post-Saint looks have been all about one thing: showing off that gym-honed bod. Taking underwear as outerwear to extremes, Keeks appears to have forgotten her top altogether, but TBF it does get pretty hot in New York in July.Why yes, yes we are, Kim.Like this? You might also be interested in:Unpicking Kim Kardashian’s Ultra 90s OutfitParis Hilton’s Nostalgic Throwback With Kim Kardashian Will Give You All The Feels8 Times Celebrities Campaigned For Pedal PushersFollow Jennifer on Instagram @**barbiesnaps**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re the friend that sneers at Say Yes To The Dress, that prides herself on buying from the buzziest brands first then bridalwear likely fills you with a combination of intrigue and dread. After all, your wedding day requires more than just any old dress, but in the sea of frothy white gowns cutting through the frou-frou to find something individual and interesting is about as straightforward as the plot of the Matrix.London Fashion Week’s resident goth Dilara Findikoglu has designed tour clothing for Marilyn Manson and created a time-hopping Donald Trump-bashing comic book titled ‘Warrior Sorceress’. So, you’d be forgiven for not seeing Dilara’s latest career move coming. However, this Turkish-British designer has an eye for the fantastical and an ease at sewing together romance and rebellion. Her creations, which rely heavily on anachronistic references and hand finishing make an impact, which after all is the desired effect for many brides. And, this designer knows 'dresses that look like cakes, bad embroidery and lack of individuality' is the very last thing an alt bride wants. The made-to-measure line includes pannier dresses with deep scooping necklines, Georgian suits with dresscoats that look like a Baroque take on_Beatle Juice_and tulle gowns in Dilara’s quintessential ruby red and pastel pink. ‘I wanted to make a collection which questioned the meaning of love and to challenge the way in which society views marriage and sexuality. Exploring all the ways in which we love one another, ourselves and those who have rebelled against conventions and rules,' explains Dilara, 'I don't think any other brand considered same sex marriages when designing their wedding lines. I wanted to change how limited wedding tradition have been in the past and be more inclusive'. Dilara’s work has already graced the backs of several fashion insiders. WGSN’s denim editor Samuel Trotman and his stylist and creative director wife In Woo wore matching Findikoglu red and white suits for their big day. Likewise, when poets Robert Montgomery and Greta Bellamacina got married the bride wore a Dilara creation. Hers was white with black accents and a train embroidered with a poem, obviously.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You’ve seen the movie montage scene when the frizzy-haired love interest transforms from glasses wearer to gorgeous while on a shopping trip with her cooing friends. In 2018, with 66 per cent of internet users now buying clothes online this scene could never happen and not least because a trip to a dressing room will not give a person a Hollywood makeover.Recent data showed a third of adults now purchase something on their phone or computer once a week – that’s up by 21 per cent in four years. This could be anything from Gucci heels to bin bags, which is convenient because the same research showed that we’re shopping online as often as we’re taking out the rubbish – something my boyfriend can attest to. The fact we can sit on a bus and add tomorrow night’s outfit to our basket seems like the height of convenience, but this is fake news.Add up the time spent scrolling through your lunch break, deliberating over a purchase, the wait for delivery and the inevitable queue at the post office to return half your order and the research concluded by a group at Harvard will make sense. While studying the behaviour of 1,500 shoppers they found that buying from a bricks-and-mortar retailer takes less time than purchasing online. ‘Consumers often perceive shopping online to be more convenient than going into a store, but there is plenty of evidence to suggest this is not always the case. High rates of returns and delivery issues remain an issue for both retailers and shoppers alike. Meanwhile, research shows that many consumers also find it difficult to find what they want when shopping online for fashion, which can result in lengthy browsing sessions and lots of research ahead of purchase’, explains Mintel’s Senior Retail Analyst Samantha Dover.ASOS, Revolve and Net-A-Porter have convinced people into thinking the online experience is just as good, if not better than in-store. Anticipation is key to this racket. Banking on the dopamine rush we receive when a long-awaited package finally arrives and the elation when it surprisingly fits not just matches but outpaces the cognitive high we have from purchasing in-store.The benefits are obvious as what you spend on delivery (if anything) saves on money spent travelling to a retail centre. And, if you're particularly isolated - either by disabilities or location - this can be invaluable. 'People don’t have to go to the stores anymore – they are able to browse and get inspiration on their phones any time of day – it has made fashion more democratic and accessible – it means that no matter where you live you have access to all of the latest items, not just what’s on sale in your local town,' explains Petah Marian, Senior Editor at WGSN Insight.With the high street struggling - stalwarts like House of Fraser and River Island are closing stores – this is welcome news for brands, like Boohoo and Farfetch, that have mastered the digital game. Ironically, internet born-and-bred companies like Amazon and Made.com are now setting their sights on physical shops and showrooms. Though the overheads are high and the leases long these e-coms have clocked before the consumer has realised that the touch and feel of a physical product can’t be undervalued. Intriguingly, a study found that 89 per cent of sales in the UK in 2016 ‘touched’ a physical store whether through on-the-spot purchase or via click-and-collect or in-store browsing. The whole landscape of how we shop has changed, notes Marian, ' Even when [consumers] buying products in-store they’re increasingly informed about what they want before they go into the shop – it’s less likely that people go into stores without having at least browsed online beforehand.'Dover is fully aware that consumers find numerous ‘pain points’ with online shopping, noting 62 per cent of consumers often encounter delivery problems at least once and 30 per cent say they have waited longer than the estimated delivery time.Scammed by the idea that online shopping is more convenient Dover notes digital sales of clothing, fashion accessories and footwear boomed in 2017 by 17.2 per cent to reach £16.2 billion. Mintel expects to rise in the next five years even further to £29 billion by 2022. As a result, just under a quarter of all fashion spending in the UK is done online. In particular internet-raised Millennials are most susceptible to lure of the world wide web’s e-coms. For digital businesses, this is particularly interesting as 34 per cent of people admit they have kept items because the hassle of returns is too much. Some online stores have become so obsessed with keeping their customers capitve they have gone to extreme lengths says Marian, 'Through engaging content that recreates the sort of experience that you’d get from magazines, so things like celebrity interviews and styling advice on fashion sites. Amazon has gone further into this space by opening an entire film studio in- order to keep its Prime members on its website and more committed to its platform.'With all the evidence weighed up we're scammed by the e-coms and scammed by our own laziness, but it still seems more convenient, doesn't it?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion has a problem with nudes. Not nudity (even a cursory glance at a glossy or fashion show will testify that prudishness is definitely not an issue) but nude as a colour, a shade, a casual description.If you don't think it does, then consider this. Asked to think of the colour 'nude,' chances are you'd think of that peachy-pink-beige shade that the word has incorrectly become synonymous with. It's a very specific, one-note definition that should be multi-coloured and open to all (what is more universal than bare skin?). For many people, that peculiar plaster-like shade is no more relevant to their own skin tone than green or purple. 'It's not the term "nude" that bothers me, but rather the way the fashion industry has chosen to define it,' says the Ghanaian-American designer Jamela Acheampong. 'There are countless different skin tones across the globe yet, to this day, only a very limited range of complexions are given options when it comes to fashion.'Indeed, the off-hand application of the word to that singular beige hue reveals a lot about fashion's white privilege. It's an issue that extends beyond language, to product availability. Until quite recently, those leg-lengthening 'nude' shoes and handy 'nude' underwear and hosiery - essential basics for millions of women - have only been widely and easily available for paler complexions. Frustrated by this, Jamela set up her own line of shoes, Kahmune - a two-style collection of 'nude' shoes in a comprehensive colour palette, designed to suit myriad skin tones. 'I found it crazy that I was having to use search terms such as "nude for brown skin" or "nude for dark skin" when I had friends who could simply search "nude" and be met with hundreds of options,' she says. 'I noticed a huge gap in the market for a brand that catered to every woman's shade of nude with a strong focus on options for the large group of women who have been left out of the skin tone conversation.'That conversation is obviously one people want to join in with - Jamela describes the response to Kahmune as 'absolutely amazing' (those two styles have grown to five, and the company has 15,000 global customers, from Paris to Lagos).Slowly but surely, a shift is happening across the board. Make-up, hosiery and lingerie brands are expanding their colour palettes. Nubian Skin, which specialises in skin-tone underwear and hosiery for women of colour, employs the tagline 'A different kind of nude.' (Spanx, Wolfdord and Aubade are among the other brands that cater to different skin tones). ASOS, which already sells court shoes in four different 'nude' shades, introduced a new lingerie line earlier this year that comprised five different shades. Many styles have now sold out. So, what about 'nude' clothing? There's no doubt that's also had a bad rap, albeit for different reasons - considered either too mother-of-the-bride (safe) or too Love Island (trashy). In other words, anti-cool. Except, hang on a second. Thanks to Jacquemus and his sunbaked sands, The Row's sumptuous butterscotches and Stella McCartney's deep-deep chocolates, nudes of every fathomable shade ruled the spring/summer 2018 catwalks, all of them given a new vibrancy courtesy of sleek, unexpected cuts. It's out with the sew-me-in, Kim Kardashian body-con dresses and in with languid proportions, architectural cuts and utilitarian detail. Nude is suddenly what it always should have been: effortlessly sexy.So, how do you wear the new nudes? Find a shade that suits your skin tone and wear head to toe for a grown-up take on naked dressing and a pleasingly 'Is she? Isn't she?' effect. Or try mixing different tonal shades. Consider also the advice of Net-A-Porter's fashion retail director Lisa Aiken, who advises thinking of them as your new neutrals and, as a softer alternative to black and white, teaming with pops of colour. Baby blues really offset deep browns, lilac adds oomph to caramels.But, however you choose to work these new nudes, remember one thing: in the words of Christian Louboutin (who expanded his own line of nude shoes to include seven shades in 2017), 'Nude is not a colour, it's a concept.' Exactly. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Outside the gates of fashion week stand protestors spitting ‘shame’. Inside the hallows of the industry, designers are taking stock of their use fur. Marc Jacobs, Burberry and Gucci are just a few who have stopped using the material and now ASOS has joined their ranks.The multi-brand website has made the decision to longer carry products made of mohair, cashmere, silk, down and feathers. ASOS, which stocks over 850 labels, will complete the ban by the end of January 2019.‘People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) applauds ASOS for leading the charge for compassion in fashion,’ director of corporate projects, Yvonne Taylor, has said. ‘In response to PETA's campaigns, consumers are changing the face of the industry by demanding that designers and retailers ditch animal-derived materials in favour of cruelty-free alternatives that look great without causing suffering.’This announcement places ASOS alongside Marks & Spencer, H&M and Topshop who have also pledged to rescind the sale of mohair. However, they have gone one step further to consider the cruelty that is behind the current trend for feathers.‘All feathers used for fashion are stolen property, whether they were ripped out of the rightful owners while they were still alive or removed from their bodies after slaughter’, Elisa Allen, Director of PETA, told Grazia. ‘Contrary to popular perception, feathers described as "marabou" don't normally come from marabou storks but rather from factory-farmed turkeys and chickens, who live in their own waste before being hauled to the abattoir. Wearing bits and pieces of animal's bodies is an archaic practice that carries echoes of their suffering’.Likewise, the production of mohair, silk, down and cashmere has been shadowed with controversy. Countless goats, ducks, geese and silkworms are exploited for the clothing industry each year. As the demand for fast fashion grows, and one look at our office post room shows there are no signs of it abating, ASOS are making a positive step towards championing cruelty-free materials.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With a roster of die-hard fans that include Atlanta de Cadet, Alexa Chung and Anais Gallagher, it can seem like there is no cooler brand than Réalisation Par. Like Ganni and Kitri, it’s the right type of click-bait (as in a certifiable source of Instagram likes).Since the launch of the label’s cult wrap dresses, it’s been hard to thumb through social media without bumping into one of their printed frocks. Though we’re still holding a torch for these ruffled dresses we’ve noticed our favourite Instagrammers have moved onto the brand’s ‘Naomi’ skirt.A lot has been said about leopard print as a new neutral - a wardrobe palette cleanser to be used alongside zanier items, like a white jean or a plain polo-neck. This 90s-inspired silk skirt is proof of the fact. Falling shy of the knee it taps into a silken skirt trend that has the likes of Susie Lau and Fashion Gone Rogue’s Débora Rosa hooked. With the weather still undecided if it’s summer or not, this is the perfect transitional purchase. When it’s chilled outside layer up with an oversized hoodie and a pair of dad trainers, but opt for bare legs and mules when the sun shines.Though the Réalisation Par skirt, which has been worn by Leandra Medine and Marta Cygan, has sold out don’t be bummed out as we hear a new drop is coming soon. In the meantime, get acquainted with these eight other skirts© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This summer, fash packs will take to festivals donning new, chic trends - and we want in. Finally, the classic boho festival style has been replaced with four bold, head-turning trends, which we anticipate that all of the cool-girls will be wearing. See which styles you need to covet, below...Generation Charm Club Necklace from Thomas Sabo; Earrings from Thomas Sabo; Dress from Rixo; Boots from Farfetch; Bag from Topshop.Trainers are still reigning bold this season, and luckily, they make for the most perfect of festival footwear, especially when paired with chic joggers. As for accessories, opt for noughties-inspired sunglasses, sporty belt bags, minimalistic hoop earrings and a slick charm necklace from the new Thomas Sabo Generation Charm Club collection. You can make your own jewellery creations with Thomas Sabo's stunning variety of pendants and chains.Generation Charm Club Necklace and Bracelet from Thomas Sabo; Shorts from Net-A-Porter; Blouse from Zara; Scarf from Rixo; Bag from The Reformation.The western boots have dominated the runways this year, so it's no surprise that this rootin' tootin' style is a key festival trend for summer. Wondering how to pull off the cowboy look without looking like you've raided your nearest fancy dress store? It's easy-peasy: just look for understated pieces like ripped shorts, black denim shirts and patterned silk neck ties. As for jewellery, go for gold with fun western-inspired charms, like the popular Thomas Sabo cactus one.Generation Charm Club Necklace from Thomas Sabo; Earrings from Thomas Sabo; T-Shirt from Net-A-Porter; Skirt from Net-A-Porter; Trainers from Net-A-Porter.Why not draw inspiration from this year's street style looks to pull together your festival outfit? This spring, plaid patterns and simple slogan tees reigned supreme - and we predict that they will for festival season, too. Tuck a tee into a pretty plaid skirt, and throw on some trainers for the ultimate off-duty look. For extra cool-girl points, mix-and-match silver and yellow-gold jewellery to tie your whole outfit together.Generation Charm Club Necklace and Bracelet from Thomas Sabo; Earrings from Thomas Sabo; Trousers from Selfridges; Top from Zara; Sunglasses from Net-A-Porter; Belt from Net-A-Porter.Stand out from the crowd with an eye-catching festival outfit, because this year is all about bringing out the bold. Look for adventurous patterns and bright prints that you can marry with matching-coloured accessories. Think striking side bags, ankle boots, and other-worldly jewellery that will help you look out-of-this-world.Shop Generation Charm Club and other jewellery from Thomas Sabo here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As we move into summer the tribulations of hitting the right mark with your workwear wardrobe become an impossible obstacle course. Find a skirt that’s not too short but also not liable to be set free by a gust of wind (looking at you Storm Hector). Hunt out a breathable cotton shirt that doesn’t gape or look sheer under the glare of the office’s strip lighting. And, if you’re feeling brave take a chance on a pair of shorts long enough to not cause chatter around the water cooler but not so matronly you question the point in them. Excuse the language, but it’s a mindf*ck.Mum-to-one Pandora Sykes hits the right note with a blazer and breezy dress. The addition of Shrimp’s cult Antonia bag adds a touch of excitement to this commute-friendly ensemble. Meanwhile, Lucy Williams takes a chance on head-to-toe white. Not only does this crisp palette set off her tan but it makes her golden accessories the focus of attention. Carmen Grace Hamilton lifts her Rejina Pyo belted trousers with a Rixo shirt. Her polka dot top touches on a key trend of the season but in a sensible, meeting-friendly fashion. Keep scrolling for inspiration...Credit: Instagram/@carmegracehamiltonCredit: Instagram/@lucywilliams02Credit: Instagram/@gabriellehackworthyCredit: Instagram/@collagevintage2Credit: Instagram/@manrepeller© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rihanna’s business model is simple: disrupt the market. She drops an album that’s sonically brazen and boundary-breaking, she moves into fashion and advocates for a set of new models, she enters the beauty arena and shines a light on the diversity double standards of the cosmetic industry and then she launches an inclusive lingerie line, Savage X Fenty. Yet, RiRi’s got stiff competition. Where Victoria’s Secret has made affordable underwear easily accessible, American label ThirdLove has made accessible sizing affordable. Up to 20 per cent of women have breasts of visibly different sizes and 80 per cent of reportedly wear the wrong size bra, but is this because until now lingerie sizing has been too limited? Internet-savvy intimates label ThirdLove have expanded their fits to accommodate every type of woman and now offer a total of 70 sizing options. The company now offers back sizes starting at 24 and ranging up to 48 and cup sizes starting at AA and running up to H as well as newly implemented half-cup sizes. ThirdLove has also introduced a silhouette named the 24/7 Classic Contour Plunge that has removable padding so asymmetric breast sizes are catered for. To compete with Rihanna’s wide-ranging nude line the company have also added seven ‘naked’ colours. ‘We had launched our range of Nakeds in February 2017, and it's been wildly successful,’ founded Heidi Zak told Fashionista. ‘We wanted to make sure we brought that to this customer first. Instead of doing too many styles, but not being able to support the colours, we felt like it was more important to focus on one style to start in a multitude of colours, and then to add on styles.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...My name is Emma and I’m a hopeless romantic. For a good decade I have lived off a tonic of John Hughes rom-coms and no doubt would score a 99% match rating if Pretty Woman were to ever land on Netflix. Though I am now starting to wonder if these films are just awful (stay with me…) Why? They all go entirely against my Man Repeller school of thought when it comes to fashion. Specifically: The Makeover Scene.Take She’s All That (revisited more times than I can recall). In case you have not watched this film though, the premise is that a high-school jock makes a bet with his friend he can turn any 'unattractive' girl into the school's prom queen. Rachael Leigh Cook “Laney Boggs” (the art school ‘nerd’ in her paint splattered dungarees, who prefers a black swimsuit to a bikini) puts on a red mini-dress she doesn’t like, and preened to perfection for Freddie Prinze Jr’s arrival she appears hours later, walking down the stairs to ‘Kiss Me’ playing in the background, naturally. BAM! The boy finally notices her. It’s not the fact she’s wearing the red dress (it’s a great dress FYI) it’s that this is the moment she is fully realised as the ‘cute’ / ‘sexy’ leading lady in his eyes. Ba-bye dungarees.Looking back, I have been aware of wearing clothes for the male gaze in the past, or paying closer attention to what I thought he liked best on me or seemed 'sexier'. An exhaustive and pointless exercise indeed. But as I’ve got older, the less I care, if at all really, about what men think about how I dress.Sienna Miller spoke out about her new-found love of modest dressing recently in an interview with WWD: ‘I don’t really know where it came from, but I’m into quite masculine workman’s clothes,’ she said. ‘I keep getting drawn to big, baggy, sort of chimney sweeper trousers and tweeds. High-waisted, bunched up things and slightly odd shoes. I used to be quite flirty and sexy, and now it’s just like, ‘Do not fancy me’ clothes. The more unattractive I can make myself, the less flesh I can possibly show, the better.’Of course, it would be too simple (and incorrect) to suggest big trousers = not attractive. And y’know, maybe just keep that look for a solo Sunday rather than a Friday night out. In fact, I asked someone who I have been seeing for a month or so (for the sake of this article let’s just call him Guy. Die-hard Never Been Kissed fans will get that reference) his thoughts: ‘If a man finds you attractive there's no amount of clothing that will prevent him looking at your body. You don’t need to highlight it. In most cases more skin just leads to a man being greedy with his glances at you and his imagination lazy.’There is also a definitive shift happening on (and off) the runways too now - with designer’s embracing a soft utility in their collections more than ever. Unisex combat trousers! Oversized khaki trench coats! And the B-O-I-L-E-R S-U-I-T (historically associated as just protective overalls to cover an otherwise ‘nice’ outfit) are just a few ‘new normcore’ offerings on the sartorial agenda. I am not suggesting everyone dress like Laney Boggs pre-‘transformation’ to follow a certain fashion trend. Perhaps though, we need to redefine what we see as ‘un-fanciable’ attire towards the opposite sex and focus on embracing our signature style. Which, actually, I think Miss Miller is getting at. Yes, while her ‘flirty’ boho style in the ‘00s was a defining look of that decade, she’s moved on to pastures new.Alex, 26, an artist living in London agrees: ‘My own fashion sense has always been dictated by what I feel comfortable in,’ she says. ‘My uniform at university was black leggings, a black top and creeper shoes every single day but sometimes I might want to wear a mini-skirt and a jean jacket to do serious DIY. I just never want to allude to being someone else.’‘Even if you are dressing for yourself it’s still part of you to want to be desired,’ Dr Carolyn Mair, Reader in Psychology at London College of Fashion tells Grazia. ‘But being confident and most importantly comfortable is massively important. Feeling good in whatever you are wearing, makes you look good.’‘I think if you dress for somebody else you are just increasing the chances you’ll be wasting your time with somebody you don’t actually like,’ the Guy says. ‘If two people miscommunicate themselves in their clothes before they have even spoken I think they are doomed to be disappointment to each other.’Remember: You should be the #1 person you are trying to impress (whether that’s feeling good in a boiler suit or a body-con dress). Or if you are unofficially repping 'Don’t Fancy Me’ fashion. I would take that tag and wear it proudly.READ MORE: What The Colours You Wear Says About You, According To A PsychologistREAD MORE: The Boiler Suit Is Back, According To Bella Hadid** READ MORE: Fashion's Big Cover-Up © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you’re knowingly familiar with Susie Cave’s label The Vampire’s Wife or not, you’ve certainly seen photos of it. It’s hard to flick through a glossy right now without bumping into a picture of Sienna Miller, Alexa Chung or Kate Moss wearing one of the brand’s puff-sleeved lurex dresses. Sure enough, we didn’t think we could crave a dress more. It was like 2006 with Roland Mouret’s ‘Galaxy’ dress all over again. Then we came across Batsheva. Susie Lau picked my dress out of the Matchesfashion dream closet and it sure suits her🧚‍♂️A post shared by  Batsheva (@batshevadress) on Jun 13, 2018 at 8:12am PDTSimilarly twee, similarly modest, this New York line is America’s answer to TVW. Likewise, since launching in 2016 (two years after Cave founded The Vampire’s Wife) it’s garnered an ardent following that includes Susie Lau, Helena Christensen and Brother Vellies’ Aurora James who wore one of their gowns to the Met Gala no less.Touching on a Victoriana silhouette and playing with ditsy prints, here’s something eerily similar about Bathseva Hay’s brand. Yet, it’s reworking of pioneer symbols and retooling of feminine detailing into something exaggerated and experimental makes this label feel thoroughly American and fresh. Hay injects volume into shoulders and blows-up collars to refreshing antiquated shapes. Still, as pretty and coy as The Vampire’s Wife, it has a more Hello Dolly-meets-Zoey Deschanel feel to it. It tugs at Laura Ashley and Armish semaphores and dances with the image of Gunnesax to create something wholly modern and nostalgic. Hannah in her new pink dress #batshevadressA post shared by  Batsheva (@batshevadress) on Sep 17, 2017 at 3:27pm PDTWhere TVW is glam and pretty, Batsheva is rustic and experimental. The two may occupy a seemingly similar space and undoubtedly will appeal to the same customer but don’t be mistaken in thinking the two are interchangeable© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The name Stephanie Shepherd might ring a bell. With 1.1million Instagram followers she’s risen from Kim Kardashian West’s personal assistant to blazing her own influencer path. After leaving the Kardashian fold to pursue her own projects she began working with J Brand.Tasked with refreshing the ‘Little Black Jean’, Steph Shep (as she’s known on social media) has collaborated on a limited-edition run of high-rise skinny jeans. With a snugger fit and a lace-up fly, they are designed for Instagram. ‘I think it creates a really sleek look. For some women, myself included, the tummy area can be an insecurity, and I think the lace-up offers a little extra support,’ she explains.For the last seven years, the multi-hyphenate professes she’s been living in skinny jeans. Sounds familiar, right? With her own wardrobe as her jumping-off point she wanted to make a staple that’s comfortable and stretchy. ‘I wanted it to be something that both my mom-friends back in Ohio and my fashion-friends in LA can wear and really make their own,’ she explains.J brand stephanie shepherd kim kardashian west2of7'Steph and I are both from Cleveland, Ohio, and she told me the story of when she first moved to Los Angeles and saved up money to invest in her first pair of luxury jeans, which happened to be J BRAND' recalls Mary Peffer, Senior Marketing and Communications Director at J BRAND, 'It’s such a relatable wardrobe milestone. From there, we just began brainstorming to create something special that would both honor her aesthetic and look great on different body types. Steph’s favorite jeans are the Maria (our best-seller) so the team started applying her notes to the original design. It was one of the easiest things I’ve ever done in my career. Steph has a strong creative eye and knew exactly how she wanted them to fit and feel—a soft lace-up skinny that would slurp you in in the most flattering way without restricting form. We literally had employees begging to take home the sample. That’s when we knew we probably should have made more pairs.”'With only 100 units produced, they unsurprisingly sold out super fast - in 19 hours to be exact. However, a source says more will be made available after the success of the first drop.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since streetwear has become so mainstream the propagators of the trend have to move on to new edgier grounds, natch. What’s next, norm core? Done to death. Emo? That’s Kanye’s territory now. Acid house, obviously.To the deep baseline and squelching synthesizers of Acid House, Louis Vuitton men’s artistic director Virgil Abloh, grime star Skepta and rapper Playboy Carti have been channelling 1980s Manchester. Though just a snippet of Mancunian history, the defunct Hacienda club has proved a fruitful inspiration for Abloh who recreated the famed nightclub for an Off-White party during Art Basel in January. The designer joined Skepta at Parklike Festival this past weekend, which takes place on the home-turf of raver history. It’s where graphic artist Harvey Ross Ball’s iconic smiley face went from being to a by-word for house music, a coded image for anti-establishment.In safety yellow and black, Skepta and Abloh joined Playboi Carti - real name Jordan Terrell Carter - whose machismo nail art of a grinning yellow face showed allegiances to the Happy Hardcore look. However, there is another name to thank for this burgeoning trend new: Anya Hindmarsh. Unexpected sure, but in fact, she was the first to tap into this overlooked 90s movement. Back in September last year during London Fashion Week, the accessories label presented a spring summer 18 collection complete with stamped and padded leather smileys. They say three’s a trend, but this is four examples, which if you ask us is enough for us to start searching tie-dye and black hoodies on Net-A-Porter.ACID HOUSE FASHION TREND HAPPY HARDCORE1of14© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If we’ve learned anything from Kanye West’s many ventures over the past decade or so, it’s that he doesn’t do things by halves – and he certainly isn’t afraid of courting controversy. Though the part time rapper, part time designer, full time walking Twitter storm has been focusing on his music of late, launching new album YE at the start of this month with a star-studded listening party in Wyoming, he’s still found the time to release the campaign for his latest Yeezy venture, the 500 Supermoon sneakers.As we’ve come to expect from Kanye, this is hardly your typical glossy fashion campaign. After all, the previous batch of Yeezy promo images ingeniously staged paparazzi-style photos of Kanye’s wife, Kim Kardashian West (along with other Insta-famous faces such as Paris Hilton, Amina Blue, Sami Miro and Jordyn Woods) out and about in LA while wearing designs from Yeezy Season 6, acting as a showcase for the brand while also riffing on one of the hallmarks of celebrity culture.See Kanye's new Yeezy campaign below...Credit: Eli Russell LinnetzCredit: Eli Russell LinnetzCredit: Eli Russell LinnetzCredit: Eli Russell LinnetzCredit: Eli Russell LinnetzCredit: Eli Russell LinnetzCredit: Eli Russell LinnetzThis campaign, however, sits on the NSFW end of the spectrum. Instead of featuring Kim herself, the images (which were shot by Eli Russell Linnetz, who previously photographed the Kardashian-Jenner for their 25 day Christmas card extravaganza in 2017) star a lookalike (adult film actress Lela Star) in varying states of undress, as well as a Kourtney Kardashian doppelganger and a further line-up of models of a range of ages (some of whom are, yes, wearing long and distinctly Kim-esque ice blonde wigs). Each one is wearing Yeezy's new Supermoon trainers (which are high fashion Dad trainers if we ever saw them); while some are wearing just that, others have been styled with the brand's distinctive shorts, oversized tees and sweatshirts in the trademark palette of khakis, dusty greys and beiges.With some of the models taking contorted, often sexualised poses, we’d be willing to bet that Kanye’s Pinterest board (come on, we know he has one) for this campaign featured the work of one British pop artist in particular. Allen Jones is best known for his sculptures featuring women in contorted, often submissive poses, wearing fetishwear or nothing at all – and much like Kanye, his work has attracted critical censure and controversy as well as praise. Who said fashion couldn't be cerebral?Kanye West actually smiles sometimes - scroll through the gallery below for proof...Kanye West actually smiling1of16© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With just days until the new Ocean's film is released, the promotional tour is fully underway and the premieres have begun. With the UK premiere last night, the tour has proven to be a very fashionable series of events. With the all-female cast of powerhouse actors and style icons, the fashion is just one of many reasons Ocean's Eight is so highly anticipated.Their first appearance was at CinemaCon in Las Vegas on last month, with six members of the eight-strong cast coming through with the most beautiful promo-tour looks we’ve seen in a long time. From Sandra Bullock’s kimono to Awkwafina’s striped suit, the entire cast we’re serving us fabulous heist-couture. Then, they were spotted at a photocall in The Metropolitan Museum of Art, once again bringing their fashion a-game.Last week, they attended the film's US premiere in New York, and with the long-awaited arrival of Rihanna on the press tour, the women well and truly upped their fashion game. Now, they have premiered the film in the UK, with Rihanna yet again serving us extra glamour to drool over...Credit: ShutterstockPosing on the red carpet, it wasn't just the fashion that had us gawking. The cast are clearly a close-knit bunch, confirmed by Mindy Kaling who said 'I learned a lot about parenting from seeing Cate and Sandy bring their kids to set. I was very excited to tell everyone that I was pregnant, and they were so happy for me.' However, two cast members were notably missing, Rihanna and Helena Bonham Carter. We can only imagine what fabulous look Rihanna would have rocked at the event.Credit: ShutterstockAwkwafina's Topshop suit stole focus for many, rocking the budget item with that arms-out-of-the-sleeves sass. The striped linen suit will likely fly off the shelves now, but you can be the first to grab one for yourself here. Credit: ShutterstockSarah Paulson wasn't just a shining star in the trailer, but on the red carpet too. She wore a gold sequined top and skirt by Alberta Ferretti rocking a strong contoured look with her pulled back hair. Credit: ShutterstockCate Blanchett looked as stunning as ever in her Gucci suit. Pairing it with gold jewelry, the cream jacquard set stood out for it's 70's rock icon vibe. Credit: ShutterstockAnne Hathaway's sleeveless embellished gown by Bottega Veneta stopped just before her ankles, revealing her gold platform stilettos. The studded dress was complimented by her muted make-up look and gold hoop earrings. Credit: ShutterstockSandra Bullock not only leads the cast in the film, but in fashion too with this fabulous look. The beautiful purple metallic kimono by Johanna Ortiz was paired with leather leggings and studded heels. Credit: ShutterstockLooking as Mindy Kaling as ever, the hilarious actor went for a black and white, lace Stella McCartney dress. Her shoes alone are a cause for envy, never mind the classic Mindy blow-out that would make even Meghan Markle -queen of loose curls- jealous. Credit: ShutterstockThe entire cast looked as glamorous as ever for their photocall at The Metropolitan Museum of Art's Temple of Dendur, with their signature style represented perfectly yet coming together as one cohesive, incredibly fashion-savvy cast.Credit: ShutterstockSarah Paulson opted for a Michael Kors 'lewk' (as she puts it), wearing the oversized collar trend oh so well. Awkwafina's jumpsuit featured the summer cut-out midsection everyone is loving right now, and Sandra Bullock wore an Ellie Saab jumpsuit with wide legs. Credit: ShutterstockQueen of suits aka Cate Blanchett looked incredible in Ferragamo, contrasting the bold purple colour with red slingbacks. Mindy Kaling went slightly off-brand with her Stella McCartney wrap dress that was embellished with pearls. Anne Hathaway looked almost angelic with her understated makeup and Toni Maticevski dress.Credit: ShutterstockWhen would we expect Rihanna to show up to a press tour for a movie she's starring in? Only at the actual premiere of course. The legend joined the rest of the cast for the New York film opening on the 5th June. And boy did everyone step their game up...Credit: ShutterstockOne way to steal focus from Rihanna? We're fluorescent lime green. Sarah Paulson stole the show in a daringly vibrant Prada dress, with muted makeup and a simple fuchsia lip to finish the look. We're obsessed with her drawstring bag...Credit: ShutterstockIf Elie Saab is the secret to Sandra Bullock's amazing fashion on this tour, we're ready to snap up their entire collection. The embellished gown is bespoke, of course, but we wouldn't expect anything less. Credit: ShutterstockIn a showstopper Jean Paul Gaultier gown, Anne Hathaway combined zebra and geometric prints for the Ocean's debut. Credit: ShutterstockAs amazing as ever, Rihanna's Givenchy dress was perfectly complimented by her dark makeup look. The purple couture gown looked incredible with her 'barely there' heels. The entire look oozes perfection. Credit: ShutterstockIt may be the most simple look of the night, but it might just be our favourite. Mindy Kaling's beautiful black Prabal Gurung gown looked incredible paired will ALL THAT CARTIER. Fitting for a movie about a jewelry heist...Credit: ShutterstockNever out of a vibrant pant suit, Cate Blanchett upped her co-ord game with this embellished Missoni suit. The deep-V is yet another signature of hers, and we're loving it...Credit: ShutterstockAlways one to bring her fashion A-game, Awkwafina's Reem Acra jumpsuit was incredibly elegant. Looking supremely angelic, she very much switched up her image for the red carpet premiere.Credit: ShutterstockRihanna may have showed up for the UK premiere (she was over an hour late, but still), but the rest of the cast seemed to disappear for the big event! The only group shot from the London premiere was of Mindy, Helena, Sarah and Sandra. Although tbh, we're not complaining, these ladies bring enough fashion a-game for the entire cast...Credit: ShutterstockSarah Paulson's bold layered dress with caped sleeves managed to top her previous premiere dress, the neon feathered Prada look. She paired the eye-catching gown with a muted beauty look, with scraped back hair and a beautiful pink lip. Credit: ShutterstockMindy looked as sophisticated as ever in her black Alberta Ferretti sheer gown. Styled by Jason Bolden, she killed it yet again with a dark red lip, glamorous curls and enough cartier diamonds to pay our mortgage for the entire year. We're obsessed...Credit: ShutterstockWhat else would Cate Blanchett rock other than a fabulous combination of black straight leg trousers and a FEATHERED top? We have so many questions. Were the feathers responsibly sourced? Where can we buy those earrings? How do we become pant-suit connoisseurs like Cate?Credit: ShutterstockWith her signature falling off the shoulder look, Rihanna wore a liquid gold dress by Poiret. We've already picked apart what this dress is really saying, but we're still sat here staring at how unreal she looks. A golden goddess always shining from within, HOW do we also master the constant dewy glow?Credit: ShutterstockWearing a Zuhair Murad sequin jumpsuit, Sandra was a stand out at the premiere. The entire look is so simply yet so glamorous, and her hair and makeup is as flawless as ever. Sandra really has bossed this entire press tour with her style choices. Credit: ShutterstockHelena Bonham Carter chose a Vivienne Westwood Couture off-the-shoulder gown with her hair in her signature up-do. Rocking it with a bold red lip, she glistened in silver. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are three steps to the summer holiday: first you save, second you organise and thirdly you breathe in the air of freedom and relaxation. If you haven’t passed stage one we recommend looking away STAT.Adding to their international appeal, the New York-based swimwear label Solid & Striped who use only the very best European and Japanese fabrics have collaborated with West Coast label RE/DONE on a line of swimsuits inspired by Los Angeles. Known for reworking vintage denim into the type of item that makes fans out of the Hadid’s and Cindy Crawford, any label this jean brand pairs up with needs to be a natural fit. ’Working with RE/DONE made perfect sense in terms of our shared customer bases and complementary brand aesthetics.’ explains founder Isaac Ross to Grazia.‘The idea was to design three micro collections, each one drawing inspiration from an iconic Los Angeles neighbourhood.’ Says Ross, ‘The thing that amazes me about LA is how different the cultures of each community are. We wanted to represent the old world glamour of Hollywood, the sporty beach culture and attitude of Malibu, and the playful nostalgia of Venice.’ Simply this means the collection has three distinct personalities. There’s the slick minimalism of the Hollywood arm exemplified by a high-cut black bikini with pronounced cups, a Malbu line that channels sportiness through a motocross checkerboard print and racing stripes and a tie-dye rich Venice collection.As ever, packing for a vacation is about compromise. Economy, business, first even, regardless of what class you fly the luggage allowance is near enough. Ross explains that they found a solution: ‘Bathing suits that could be worn as a top. We wanted to design multifunctional pieces. Our customer wants to throw on a bathing suit and a pair of denim shorts and be set for the day. That informed our decision to design one-piece and bikini silhouettes that can be paired back to denim.solid and striped re/done2of15© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As Meghan Markle knows, shopping in Marks and Spencer’s is akin to foraging. If you avoid the brambles (otherwise known as highly flammable polyester school trousers) and commit to the hunt there’s a highly-prized possession to be found. Regardless of the doom-and-gloom headlines (‘Where M&S Went Wrong’ etc.) the British retailer is consistently turning out collections that have the press drooling with anticipation for hero pieces.As rare as a silent baby on a long-haul flight, these key pieces are extraordinary for a single reason - and one that no doubt disappoints the marketing managers at Marks & Spencer - they don’t look like your average M&S item. From the iconic pink coat that sold out so fast they unveiled it in a further 20 shades to that galaxy print dress that had influencers hooked, each season there’s one item that has us marking the drop date in our calendar. Unusually, the unveiling of the forthcoming autumn winter 2018 range hasn't had quite that affect for it would be too difficult to pick a single item to get excited about - in a good way. If you’ve ever shopped at & Other Stories much of M&S’ new collection will appeal. From the floaty yellow pussy-bow dress to the violet trousers, to the pleated skirts and teddy bear coats, there’s a certain air of the Swedish retailer about it. Don’t get us wrong, this is no bad thing. However, if you’re the Marks shopper who likes a cashmere cardigan and a pencil skirt, be prepared for this new look. The palette is warm, the knitwear looks cosy and the ‘foundation’ pieces are ready and willing to be paired with hero items, like sequin skirts, diaphanous maxi dresses and loafers.Now, let's talk about those loafers. Like the trainers, which have a whiff of the Veja about them, they have everyday win written all over them. Take a look at the collection below.Marks & Spencer aw181of34© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Monki opened in 2011 I realised two things: making decisions about dresses, shoes and jeans is hard and Monki changing rooms have great lighting.It’s inevitable that there are some life events that some people are just more comfortable with. Adrenaline junkies look at a miles-deep canyon and see bungee jumping potential (not vertigo) whileMonkishoppers look at festivals with the same mix of lust, anticipation and ease. This is why I know I am not aMonkiwoman, not because I don’t like the store (I love it), but because to embody the Monki spirit it takes so much more than a jumpsuit, bomber jacket and a bum bag (sorry, forgot, we’re calling them belt bags these days).People talk about lifestyle brands, those that serve up an image of what your life could be. But, Monki really is a lifestyle, its a spirited, energetic, Manic Pixie Dream Girl wearing platform trainers and hooped earrings. Football fans are much like Monki shoppers – bear with me – their allegiance is strong, their dedication unwavering and, of course, they wear a uniform. When I see one in the wild, on their hunting turf in the Monki Manchester and Carnaby Street stores, this special breed of female knows instinctively their prey. Usually, it’s a pair of pastel coloured jeans or a baggy dress that when paired with the right pair of trainers (important!) it no longer looks like the sack it appeared on the hanger.She’s the type of woman who looks stunning after three days of camping (not glamping) and thinks: fun. She has a sneaker collection to rival size? and a weekend full of plans with not a single activity she’s pre-planning to flake on. For the Monki customer size guides don’t matter, because she’s the type of person who can buy online and not return anything. When the Monki woman isn’t drinking pints or taking #selfies in front of statement walls (hello Frank’s Cafe's famous pink staircase) she’s giggling with her girl mates. Sure, she probably got ID’d when she entered the bar, but that’s because her skincare regime is on point (The Ordinary and Fenty, thank you very much). (Or maybe it’s because she still has a student discount).While she can kick it back with the guys, she’s a female ally. She’ll tell you whats what on internalized feminism and won’t take any of your #everydaysexism. Get her on the topic of politics and you’re shoved in the deep-end with her complex, methodical theories on Brexit, Jeremey Corbyn and being part of Generation Rent.Monki brings out the cool in even the most neurotic millennial. It's like a savant for trends -Monki kickstarted fun faux fur on the highstreet and softened athleisure. But, it's also unmissable for basics. Need a new slip dress? Head to Monki. Need a polo neck? It has your back. If you’re the Monki woman you know when to hit pause on a trend. Yeah, flares had their moment, but you know it was time to embrace a Carrie Bradshaw-meets-Courtney Love on a comedown aesthetic. Broadly speaking, her wardrobe is eclectic, her life is a heck of a lot of fun so props to you if you are a Monki woman. If only I could be too…© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re blaming the untimely weather  and the lack of coordination between the stores, but is it just us or have the summer sales come out of nowhere? With the winter sales we can predict to the day when brands and shops that will slash their prices, but this sale season has entirely crept up on us. Like a bolt of the blue, we haven’t had time to gird our credit cards and have spent the best part of today avoiding meetings and scouring online stores for the best buys. We asked experts for their sale shopping tips and by and large, they all agreed: only buy what you already know you love. Now, us Grazia editors love Ganni and Jacquemus as much as we adore Gucci and Manolo Blahnik, which is why making decisions right now is impossibly difficult. We suggest shopping with an occasion in mind. For us, that doesn’t mean only big events - sure weddings, birthday parties and vacations are legitimate occasions - but catering to everyday needs, like the office and the school run. Think of what you’re missing and what you know already serves you well and shop smartly. That said, don’t let flights of fancy getaway as those Attico shoes may not have parents evening written all over them, but they will bring you a pocket of joy everytime you slip them on.Grazia: sale shopping edit2of45© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The coats have been packed away and the gloves waved goodbye to for another year. Why? Summer is here. If you’re feeling optimistic and looking towards your next vacation then we have some welcome news: this year it is all about the one-piece wonder. Not only does this mean slightly less washing, but less to pack and more space for squeezing in that extra pair of shoes.When the holiday routine of bouncing between the beach and the pool starts, feel assured that sometimes less makes more of an impact. No we’re not suggesting stripping off - though if you want to, no judgement from us - but benching your bikinis for a single-impact item. As the high street has already clocked the trend, there are endless affordable options. Do away with the stress of hunting out that missing bikini top and give in to this no-sweat swimwear solution. It's sleek, chic and ready-to-go. Just add a spritz of SPF and the glint of gold shell-shaped jewellery and you'll be on to take on the waves.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After getting engaged in Venice, Arthur Guinness and Shrimps designer Hannah Weiland wed this weekend at her family home, Belcombe Court in Stratford-On-Avon. It’s of little surprise that the woman who made faux fur fashionable, who has dressed Alexa Chung and is personally responsible for the current beaded micro bag trend, threw a stylish wedding.With Guinness by her side, the designer chose a romantic cream lace gown with a high frilled neck, tiered skirt and gathered sleeves for the nuptials and reception. The full skirt was matched by a generous white veil and off-set by a glorious bouquet by Scarlet & Violet. Meanwhile, the groom wore a grey suit and blue tie for the ceremony. After the pair said their vows they walked down the aisles with their pet poodle, Lionel McGruff, before emerging from the picturesque church as the attendees showered the couple with petals.As expected, the newlyweds weren’t the only well-dressed couple in attendance. Glamorous guests included Laura Jackson in a gold and black Cecile Bahnsen dress, Molly Goddard in an outfit of her own design, Kate Foley in Valentino, Ellie Pithers, Laura Bailey, Alexandra Schulman and Penelope Chilvers.Naturally, for a brewing heir, the bar was no ordinary affair, in fact, it was a pop-up pub named Arthur’s Arms. Though the menu was limited - Champagne and Guinness - with the help of creative consultant Matilda Goad it became and Instagram goldmine. Outside the pub was a bohemian marquee filled with tables festooned with candles, shell accessories and flowers from florist Wetherly. The menu was designed and cooked by Rochelle Canteen’s Margot Henderson and the cake, which was courtesy of bakers Lily Vanilli, was finished with knitted cake toppers of the couple and their dog.The next day as hangover set in, guests lounged by the pool and enjoyed a Mexican brunch. As the morning turned into early evening attendees played games of bowls before the weekend came to a close.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hate to be the bearer of bad news, but June gloom has set in. The combination of perma grey clouds and humid mugginess is doing nothing for our Monday mood. With the prospect of five sticky commutes ahead of us, looking sophisticated sounds as difficult as making it through Love Island without getting a criss-cross of tan lines. To give your working wardrobe the summer promotion it needs we’ve scoured the web, hunted through Instagram and found five suitable ensembles modeled by five of our favorite influencers. Knock back the Sunday dread by scrolling and shopping through these outfit ideas. Credit: Instagram/@maria_bernardCredit: Instagram/@oymaymaboumeshouliCredit: Instagram/@adakokosarCredit: Instagram/@halemurCredit: Instagram/@sharmadeinreid© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Wedding underwear is almost as important as the actual wedding dress, and plays a huge part in how good you feel on your big day. There are no set rules for what lingerie you should wear: it’s completely down to the style of your dress, what you want from your underwear and what you feel comfortable in.We’re here to help navigate you through the wedding lingerie minefield to ensure you make the right choice. After all, bridal lingerie should be the crème de la crème of all underwear, and you should feel your absolute best.Choosing bridal underwear can seem overwhelming as there's a lot to consider: bra sets, corsets, suspenders, garters, bustiers, even something blue...Once you know the style of your dress you can begin to think about what undergarments you should choose. Do you want a classic bra and pant set or do you need a strapless bra to fit with the lines of your dress? Do you want your underwear to enhance your curves, or do you want something seamless and understated because your dress won't allow for too much underneath? It's also worth considering the fabric of the dress itself: sleeker styles in satin material tend towards the more body conscious of the bridal spectrum, so may require simple shapewear to avoid VPL (never something that you want, but especially not on your wedding photos), while a gown with a princess-style skirt will be more forgiving of any embellishment, patterns or detailing.If your wedding dress is of the slinky/slip variety, you should opt for underwear that is seamless and has no VPL. If the dress is silk and skims over your stomach and hips, lace will show through and ruin the shape. Why not try a seamless underskirt to help the dress stay sitting nicely?If your wedding dress is backless, you may find it tricky to find a bra to wear with it as most traditional styles will be seen. Firstly, ask yourself - do you really need a bra? If yes, you can either get cups sewn into your wedding dress (which is the only option if you dress is extremely low) or get a plunge backless body.If your dress is strapless – or if it’s lacy around the neckline – you won’t want bra straps showing. A strapless bra or bustier is the best option for this style of dress, and there are many options available.You should start shopping for your lingerie as soon as you have found your dress. Then, when you have found your underwear you should take it to your first proper dress fitting so you can gauge exactly works and what needs altering/rethinking. Note: underwear, like the dress, can be altered.It’s generally agreed that we all feel a little sexier and more self-confident when we’re wearing matching underwear. No truer is this than when it comes to your wedding day.Almost all bridal underwear is available in matching sets and many departments stores such as Debenhams and Marks & Spencer have a lot to offer when it comes to bridal lingerie, in a variety of styles and shapes.You don’t have to wear the same underwear on your wedding night as you do on the day (many women change into something a little more specia) especially if the lingerie under your wedding dress is more practical than sexy.La Perla has a beautiful collection of bridal underwear - from matching sets and lace bodies to suspenders and teddys - perfect for that once in a lifetime wedding night or honeymoon. If you're planning to spend all your savings on the wedding, then consider ASOS, Next, M&S and Asda's bridal underwear - their lingerie will surprise you!So, who are the best bridal underwear brands for brides getting married this year? From classic brands like Rigby & Peller to more avant garde Agent Provocateur, newbies Love Story to high street option Intimissimi, these are our go-to designers for your wedding day trusseau.Shop wedding lingerie in the gallery belowBridal underwear - Grazia1of14© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Imagine a world where your colleague, your best friend and your niece have never heard of ASOS. They stare blankly at you when you even mutter the name. But, they do know Revolve. And, like 2.3 million people they follow the e-tailer’s Instagram account avidly. Put a pin in that dream because that’s a lived reality in the United States where the LA-based mega site rivals our humble UK-born multi-label site in size, popularity and millennial appeal.It’s a sunny day in Los Angeles, which sounds like a cliche but for the last week the city has been besieged by June gloom - California’s so-called grey perma-pollution-cloud - and I’m standing on the roof terrace of Revolve’s social hub. Behind a set of unmarked double doors on Melrose Avenue lies this inner reIm of influencer exclusivity where the rails of clothes are there to be chosen from for free and the drinks are free flowing. It’s everything you’d imagine it to be (bar the sinister weather): there are Instagrammable cushions and ironic neon signs as well as mirrors, lots of them. After all, every corner, surface and situation is designed with the selfie in mind.Just like ASOS, Revolve is driven by the celebrity-obsessed, selfie-era consumer. With one thumb always on their phone and a job title that includes a slash (think: student-slash-model or entrepreneur-slash-vlogger), these millennials are switched on 24/7. It’s enough to make you feel unconnected and exhausted. No wonder, they’ve become the makers-and-breakers of fashion trends and brands. It’s because of them that Revolve has evolved into one of the most powerful online retailers in the world even though it has only just launched the same shipping and returns (i.e. no headaches, no hassle, no shipping duties or VAT) in the UK as the US.Credit: RevolveTour The Revolve Social Hub:2of15Once considered mythical, ‘unicorns’ exist in the fashion industry - and not just on socks and t-shirts. It’s the term coined by TechCrunch for start-ups that have crossed the $1 billion threshold. Though Farfetch is one of them and Net-A-Porter is also part of the club, the name alone hints at how rare this accolade is, which makes it all the more impressive that privately-owned US brand Revolve is worth over $1billion.The website has evolved a lot since launched in 2003 by the two Mikes, Michael Mente and Michael Karanikolas. ‘The first era was about providing access as we understood that people were searching online but billion-dollar brands had zero products online for them to access’, says Mente. Around 2007, he and his partner had a brainwave and switched from traditional marketing and buying known brands to stocking a wider mix of emerging designers, exclusives and focusing on a Facebook generation. Why? Data told them to.Coy about what data they track, Mente explains 'that it is some of the secret aspects of what drives the business, but there is a broad set of metrics, some of what drives the business and some of them have a little subjectivity so we can measure and compare everything from consumer engagement to return on spend on various levels.’ He’s referring to their famous parties (like the Hamptons pool party hosted by Kim Kardashian) that seem like a social marketing experiment but are carefully evaluated based on how many mentions and clicks they get, consumer engagement, return on spend and the quality of the photographs as well as how they’ve been optimised.For ‘gram fans this won’t seem surprising, as they will know the site from their much-photographed Coachella parties and #Revolvearoundtheworld marketing campaigns that sweep influencers off on 5* holidays. While it might be data that steers the e-commerce ship, this Cali company have made getting tagged by super-influencers into an art form. A dedicated team nurture an influencer program that sweeps the likes of Victoria Justice (14.4m followers), Olivia Culpo (2.8m) and Hailey Clauson (501K) off to far-flung beach resorts and A-List events. ‘We can be really choosey about who we work with,’ Revolve’s marketing mastermind Raissa Gerona explains. They study, ‘how on brand they are, where they live, their engagement. We really look at the whole package when it comes to working with an influencers.’Initially this school of marketing sets out to capitalize on the personal following of these Instagram stars, but as time has gone on for many being involved with Revolve has helped propel their career. Mente jumps in and cites fashion week as an example. For a company like Revolve, or ASOS, fashion week is not relevant to its consumers - it’s expensive, out of sync with their shopping calendar and overtly exclusive. However, for influencers, attending a couture show is a status symbol, a sign that they’ve reached a new commercial crest. Take Chiara Ferragni (13m followers) for instance, the Blonde Salad blogger is a mainstay at Milan fashion Week but has had ties to Revolve for years. Exposure by Revolve can be enough to push an It Girl like Ferragni to the next level.Though the website has changed and continues to do so, there is one thing that seems unstoppable: their success. Whether it’s sponsoring Pia Arrobio’s (102K followers) ready-to-wear line LPA or keeping Coachella relevant with it’s famous desert get-togethers, Revolve has become a millennial-driven powerhouse that’s marketing and data know-how is the rubric for many other e-coms (looking at you Boohoo, Missguided and Nasty Gal).© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Conspicuous consumption is everywhere, yet it’s surprising how little we know of our own shopping habits. The word myth suggests something fantastical and unbelievable – like Jack and the Beanstalk – or an urban legend like McDonald’s manufacturing chicken nuggets out of pink slime. After studying the behaviour of 1,500 clothes and footwear shoppers, Harvard Business Review has concluded we’re as clueless about our own retail habits as we are about what happens behind the counters of fast food joints.A trip to Oxford Street may take a whole day, but research suggests that shopping online actually takes longer. Take into account how many websites you browse (Net-A-Porter Topshop, Farfetch…) and when (lunch breaks, the commute, etc.) and then consider how many physical stores you visit and how often before making a purchase in a bricks-and-mortar retailer. While digital browsing and shopping may offer convenience it’s likely that the whole process is longer. Consider your next trip to Westfield justified!We like to think that we aren’t sartorial snobs, that our trend nous allows us to see past that designer label. Yet the study revealed that direct-to-consumer stores and websites (i.e. any shop that stocks a single label) generates 86% more money than multi-brand retailers. Sorry ASOS but it seems we’d rather go directly to Nike for those shiny new sneakers.They say history repeats itself and that’s quite literally true with our shopping habits. Sure new trends seem exciting and alluring, but in reality, we’re mining shops for pieces we already own or very similar items. Researchers found that 83% of shopping journeys are repeat purchases. Sure, basics like jeans and plain t-shirts and necessary buys like gym wear make up a substantial amount of repeat purchases, but who could have guessed it was this muchGrazia: holiday wardrobe wishlist slider2of25© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion mood is shifting, and the outlook is looking good thanks to Mango. With the dawn of June the mercury is rising - unfortunately so is the humidity. For many of us with a commute to contend with, heady heat and heavy clothes is a sartorial disaster waiting to strike. Hit pause on your winter and transitional wardrobe and start thinking ahead as summer is coming.When it comes to travelling, many of us channel a holiday alter ego. Someone glamourous with pocketfuls of energy and a nose for rootling out the best bars, shops and sunbathing spots, a cross between Kendall Jenner and Gwyneth Paltrow if you will. For this, we need a suitcase fill of raffia accessories, gorgeous one-pieces and blouse skirts. Oh wait, that sounds a lot like Mango’s ‘New In’ section….just see for yourself.Mango is fully equipped to outfit every in-coming occasion. Have a handful of nuptials to attend? They have dresses and jumpsuits. Heading on a tropical vacation? You should see their swimwear. Stuck in the office for the foreseeable future? Don’t hold out on their sandals and blazers.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Black clothes are a safety blanket, a cloak of darkness that’s wrapped in shadows. What black isn’t is flattering, at least in photographs.Mary-Kate and Ashley may live in it and Johnny Cash may have loved it, but we’re sorry to say black is one of the worst possible colours to wear in pictures. Photographer Marco Vittur told Grazia, ‘I always advise people before a sitting to avoid wearing white and black if possible, as colours and large patterns show more personality and a pinch of courage. But, more than that…black and blocks of dark colour can photograph quite flat.’ He’s right, black is the darkest colour and by its very nature, it completely absorbs light. Unlike white, which reflects it, black draws in light, which is why the shade photographs flat. Most cameras struggle to understand such a dark surface and are mislead into thinking that the lighting conditions are insufficient. In turn, the camera overcompensates by opening the aperture or extending the shutter speed to let in more light, which distorts the picture by making the object appear grey.Grazia: holiday wardrobe wishlist slider2of25In other words, colour and pattern will show how fabric folds and drapes to highlight your figure, while black won’t show any definition. Sara Maggioni who works at trend-spotting agency WGSN as Director of Retail & Buying. reasons that while black remains the top colour across shopping categories, it’s matched by print and bold shades like pink because of Instagram. Maggioni rationalised that ‘the customer is definitely embracing pattern and bold colours a lot more than in the past’ and this could be because since the dawn on smartphones and social media people are being photographed more and are increasingly conscious of how they look in pictures.If you know you’re about to be photographed, say for a #selfie or at an event like a wedding, avoid black as it will block out the light and won’t show any shadows.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The sun is shining, the birds are chirping and I’ve just come to realise I may never be an & Other Stories woman.If fashion is one big happy family & Other Stories is that cooler-than-you cousin that can pull off a nose ring without offending grandma; it’s the intellectual sister of H&M, the trend-knowing niece of Arket; it’s dazzling and chic with the soft scent of a fig-infused perfume.Unlike, say, Zara, it flies under the radar and has you asking even someone you secretly hate, ‘where did you get that?’. For those in-the-know a trip to the & Other Stories Kings Cross and Covent Garden stores are a rite of passage, like getting your ears pierced or having a tiny poke-stick tattoo on your lower rib. Matching!A post shared by  & Other Stories (@andotherstories) on Mar 15, 2018 at 2:02am PDTWhile I will never be the & Other Stories woman, I’ll still buy their dresses, shoes and swimwear, I’ll Google ‘& Other Stories discount code’ and be able to spot a real & Other Stories woman in the wild from afar. I’ll know her from her floral dress and from the fact that creases look good on her (don’t make yourself sound like a fool, her shirt is meant to be crumpled like that).She’s the type of woman that goes to barre classes and remembers to make a smoothie ahead of time. She wears matching pyjamas (and underwear), because she's got adulting and wash days worked out. Her flat has trinkets on shelves, posies in handmade vases and a corner dedicated to crystals and candles. She has friends who say they work in ‘media, darling’ and that can talk furiously fast about Brexit and Kanye - sometimes at the same time. @salamat_ceramics made a number of beautiful pieces that will be available for purchase exclusively in our store in Glendale, Los Angeles. Come by Thursday, May 24, for the event between 6-8 PM and get your jewellry something nice to rest in!A post shared by  & Other Stories (@andotherstories) on May 22, 2018 at 9:02am PDTLike the Swedish label, she’s not really into social media, for she reads books and goes to flea markets for fun (not for Instagram). But, she’s still relatable - she loves a mini bag but still slyly carries a tote bag (because life sometimes gets in the way of fashion) and she wears that wide-leg cropped trouser trend but doesn’t really understand it. Chillblain calves are a real complaint.Her work and weekend wardrobes are the same, which is why shopping is so easy for her. She makes it look like a breeze - everything fits just right, even that oversized fluffy jumper that makes you feel like a gorilla - but she’ll say she hates it. She wouldn’t dream of going to Primark but has no qualms about rummaging through a charity shop bin hunting out one-of-a-kind designer gems, like that vintage Comme Des Garcons dress she found last weekend that cost pennies and fits like it was made for her. She likes & Other Stories because it feels like a showroom and has exceptionally cool collaborations (with the likes of House of Hackney and Kim Gordon). Eimear is our Collection Buyer for the Los Angeles collection and one of all the amazing women in our LA Atelier. "Being a professional shopper. Every girls dream!" Link in bio for Eimear's favourite piece right now.A post shared by  & Other Stories (@andotherstories) on Jun 1, 2018 at 9:06am PDTHow do you explain & Other Stories to a stranger? Sure, it’s part of the H&M group, but it doesn’t seem as fast fashion as other high street stores or as serious and complicated as Cos. It’s bright and vividly patterned but also has something for the minimalist who likes ankle boots and adidas pullovers. & Other Stories clothing, beauty and jewellery is coded with a complex coolness that’s not as straight-forward as Supreme or inaccessible as Vetements.It started initially as the beauty arm of H&M but grew into a standalone concept store complete with design ateliers in Los Angeles, Stockholm and Paris. Each design team may work independently but & Other Stories unites their global vision, selling their efforts alongside each other in one of the brand’s 60 stores. No wonder the & Other Stories woman is so complicated, she’s dressed by three cities at once.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The designer Kate Spade died yesterday at the age of 55 leaving behind a bountiful legacy that’s so far-reaching it’s almost impossible to fully grasp. Her handbags became a rite of passage for a generation of women who yesterday paid homage on social media to her accessories that for many signified adulthood, their first ‘grown-up’ handbag. Beyond her cheery shoes and witty clutches, Spade (born Katherine Noel Brosnahan) made an indelible mark on the fashion industry that still oscillates today from the high street to the upper echelons of couture houses.Spade, who sold her last share of the namesake company in 2006, made one slick marketing move in the early '90s that has become ubiquitous across every tier of the fashion world. After working as an accessories editor at Mademoiselle magazine in the early 1990s Spade, with her soon-to-be husband Andy, sought to create a handbag line that was affordable, stylish and unserious. Merging her name and Andy’s she had a lightbulb moment and took the brand’s name and logo (a playing card spade) and stamped it on the outside of the bag, not the lining. Instantly, she had a brand identity. Suddenly little labels could use their logos as a signifier. Logomania may be rife now, but in the early ‘90s, it was unusual for younger, quirkier labels to compete in this market ruled by glossy luxury houses. That gilded stamp made customers everyday ambassadors, it became shorthand for a cosmopolitan lifestyle and attainable American dream. It allowed her to become a lifestyle brand, a term which didn't even exist when the designer first embarked on homewear, books and personal items. This paved the way for Michael Kors, for Tory Burch and J.Crew.‘My grandmother gave me my first Kate Spade bag when I was in college. I still have it.’ Tweeted Hillary Clinton. Likewise, Lena Dunham wrote on Twitter ‘Kate Spade was more than a designer. She had a quirky visual language that captivated Bat Mitzvah girls and artists alike. She was also a staple of NYC who spread goodwill. My heart breaks for her family. Thank you, Kate, from one of the millions you made feel beautiful.’ Tributes poured in yesterday after from celebrities, fans and fashion industry insiders who were all touched by Spade’s colourful, kooky designs.Katherine Noel Bresnahan was born in 1962 in Kanas City, Missouri. She studied journalism at Arizona State and worked her way up from assistant to editor at New York’s Mademoiselle magazine before founding the label Kate Spade in 1993. Within a couple of years, she had bricks-and-mortar stores and several accolades from the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDAs). In 1999 she sold shares to the Neiman Marcus Group and moved into philanthropy. Though the Kate Spade brand lives on, the Spades launched a new accessories line in 2016 called Frances Valentine, after their daughter Frances Beatrix Spade. The designer felt so attached to her new brand that shed changed her name to Kate Valentine. She is survived by her husband Andy and her daughter Frances.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even if you're not hot on astrology, you'll probably know that dressing for your star sign is a trend that's picking up momentum, and fast. And we can see why: the 12 zodiac signs can give a detailed insight into your character and personality traits, which in turn can be translated into your personal style.After stumbling across Thomas Sabo's dazzling zodiac sign pendants (which are part of the new Generation Charm Club collection), we thought it only fitting to create a guide to accessorising for your star sign. Their different pendants on offer allow you to create a really personal jewellery look that's inspired by a little token of your personality.And you can even take your personalised zodiac jewellery to the next level with Thomas Sabo's monogramming service by opting to have your name or initials on the back of your pendant. Now that's what we call jewellery that's 'written in the stars'...What jewellery to wear: Capricorn's boast practical qualities, and equally, they look for practical and comfortable fashion styles, too. Chunky trainers and sporty trousers will reign supreme this summer, and if any star sign can pull them off, it's this one.Practical and versatile jewellery pendant are something that Capricorn's should invest in. Think birth stones that you can clip onto bracelets or necklaces, and metallic initial charms that represent your identity.What jewellery to wear: Pisces are selfless and are true romantics at heart, so jewellery and accessories should be whimsical and dainty. The boho chic trend is most fitting for this star sign, so this summer wear your Thomas Sabo's Pisces pendant with flowing patterned dresses, slingback wedges and mini clutch bags.What jewellery to wear: An Aries loves a challenge and isn't afraid to make their voice heard. They're also known for being bold and ambitious, both in their personality and dress sense. Mixing-and-matching different trends and colours - like millennial pink and red - is something that Aries' can pull off easily.In the same way, they can get away with wearing clashing jewellery colours, like yellow-gold and silver. If you're an Aries, don a combination of silver and gold stacked rings, as well as different length necklaces (one boasting the Aries charm pendant), for a truly daring look.What jewellery to wear: Full of energy and positive vibes, Leo's leave a positive lasting impact on everyone they meet. And they sure do make an impact with their jewellery and fashion choices, too.A trend that will work for them is luxe athleisure, which matches their vibrant and energetic personalities. To rock this look, don matching co-ord tracksuits and chic belt bags. And don't forget to stack the Thomas Sabo Leo pendant onto a bracelet with a charm of your initial to complete your athleisure look.What jewellery to wear: Gemini's are known for their vibrant personalities - and their style choices should reflect this. The colours best suited for Gemini's are yellow and purple - both tricky to pull off, but when done correctly, make for a head-turning look.An easy-win way to work these two colours is through using accessories. Tuck a simple yellow slogan tee into jeans, and then hang a glistening amethyst stone pendant around your neck. See, we told you it was easy.What jewellery to wear: White is a key colour for this water star sign, and luckily, it's also one of the most timeless and versatile hues out there. For summer, invest in statement pieces, like crisp white mules or summer hats. Then, you can incorporate colour into your look through the mix-and-match Thomas Sabo zodiac sign jewellery, like the gold crab charm pendant and your month's alluring birth stone.What jewellery to wear: Not everyone call pull off silver as well as this star sign, so don't be afraid to layer up your metallic jewellery if you're a Libra. Try stacking charm bracelets on your wrist, and opting for different length necklaces with your star sign's signature pendant.What jewellery to wear: Known for being mysterious and elusive, Scorpio's have an almost magnetic charm that draws everyone towards them. Maybe it's their personality, or maybe it has more to do with their incredible style and aesthetic.If you're a Scorpio, draw attention to yourself by wearing daring styles, like ruched skirts or dresses, or asymmetric tops. Then, accessorise with droplet gold earrings and a matching gold zodiac sign necklace. What jewellery to wear: Virgo's are confident, daring fashionistas who like to experiment with mixing-and-matching jewellery, as well as different prints and patterned clothing. When choosing a necklace, opt for one that features different coloured pendants to show off your bold personality.What jewellery to wear: Style-wise, Taurus' are simple dressers who like minimalism and timeless outfits - think simple black tees tucked into white, belted culottes. Likewise, their jewellery tastes are curated and practical. A simple necklace pendant paired with stacked rings are what they feel most comfortable in.What jewellery to wear: Sagittarius' like to have fun with their sense of style, which is why they'll make good use of this summer's check and plaid mania trends. Perfect for BBQs, weddings or even for the office, plaid dresses and shirts will help to bring a pop of colour into your wardrobe.When wearing such a bold pattern, it's recommend for Sagittarius' to opt for simplistic jewellery - like a gold zodiac sign charm pendant - for an understated, yet cool-girl vibe.What jewellery to wear: The mysterious and free-spirited traits that Aquarius' possess are also reflected in their style - they can wear clashing patterns and colours with ease. Dresses and playsuits that play with layering and patchwork will be hot-to-trot this summer. Equally as trendy will be clashing jewellery - a mixture of silver and yellow-gold jewellery, as well as a combination of different charms and pendants will complement an Aquarius' non-conformist style.Shop Generation Charm Club and other jewellery from Thomas Sabo here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The cruise shows have become renowned for being fashion’s most sumptuous in terms of location and one-upmanship. Last May, Christian Dior, Louis Vuitton and Gucci whisked their audiences out to California, Kyoto and Florence respectively – flexing their financial muscle with insanely spectacular shows and travel budgets that cost millions. But last week saw the fashion world’s heavy hitters come together for the first time in a joint collaboration to produce one almighty Cruise Week in France that began in Chantilly, via the Maeght Foundation in Saint-Paul de Vence, and ended in Antibes.So instead of transporting its 675-strong audience to Mexico, Dior brought the escaramuzas – Mexico’s intrepid women rodeo riders – to the Great Stables of the Château of Chantilly, 30 miles north of Paris. Cue an electrical storm of biblical proportions bucketing down on the open-air arena. Had Dior not got the message about the shaman? (True fact: a shaman is employed by Louis Vuitton to ensure good weather for all its Cruise shows – of which more later). In fact, the sheets of rain only added to the drama of the escaramuzas who compete in Mexico’s charreada tournaments, performing death-defying stunts at full-pelt, all the while riding side-saddle in overtly pretty petticoats, flounced embroidered skirts and embellished sombreros.Naturally, they had inspired both the look and message of this collection – femininity meets fearlessness – from Maria Grazia Chiuri, whose love of strong women is the red thread that has run through every one of her collections since she debuted as Dior’s first female creative director in 2016 with her ‘We Should All Be Feminists’ T-shirts. ‘What impressed me is how these women have changed rodeo culture. Rather than support their husbands and sons, they decided to do it for themselves. It was the idea that women can do what they want, that they don’t have to dress in a certain way or change who they are to fit in,’ said the designer backstage before the show.Credit: ShutterstockOut stormed the models in a ravishing mix of femininity and control, from their strict ponytails down to their sturdy rubber-soled riding boots. The frothy ounce of their skirts enhanced by thick leather belts or topped with the famous Bar jacket that Maria Grazia is 'obsessed' with reworking into a lightweight everyday item. 'I want to translate our heritage into something that is very wearable. I'm obsessed with denim too, it's so democratic,' she said. The collection was a judicious combination of couture-level craft and straightforward wearability, a hard-to-achieve balance that has become Maria Grazia's hallmark at Dior: 'Being a couture house does not mean you are exclusive, you have to value people who don't want to buy an evening dress but maybe want a T-shirt or jeans,' she added. Some critics have baulked at this idea – of making Dior relevant (quel horreur!) with Millennial appeal (how dare she!), recoiling at the logo-loaded ready-to-wear as if commerciality were a crime in an age where street-luxe brands like Supreme are greeted with the kind of hysteria that equates to printing money. Cynics should please note that Dior's 2017 sales revenues showed a 17% hike over the same period in 2016. Not that Maria Grazia's Cruise collection for 2019 was merely an exercise in creative-meets-commercial, it was also damn dreamy too – especially in the downpour. Credit: ShutterstockAs for the predicted storm over the South of France's Maeght Foundation – the impressive modern art museum tucked into a hill above the picture postcard village of Saint Paul de Vence that played host to Louis Vuitton's Cruise show – the heavens opened minutes after the final model had departed the runway. This meant the mysterious shaman (a Brazilian who goes by the name of Horacio – we think – and is said to be on a very expensive non-compete contract, meaning he can't work for other fashion brands, only royal weddings and the grand prix) got paid. It also meant that LV was able to sit its audience of 600 outside in the magnificent Miró Labyrinthe garden and marvel at the giant sculptures. 'It was interesting to see what kind of woman could evolve in this environment,' said Nicolas Ghesquière, Louis Vuitton's artistic director, who had taken the venue as inspiration for the clothes. And what clothes! Gone were the bourgeois skirt suits à la Madame Macron of his last ready-to-wear and in their place a smorgasbord wardrobe of boudoir-meets-boardroom, vintage-meets-futurism for the individualist LV woman. In other words, Ghesquière at full creative throttle that recalled his Balenciaga heydays. 'What's important is to build a vocabulary. It's what I've been doing for five years now with Louis Vuitton,' said the designer post-show, as if to draw attention to his recently renewed contract with the house – and putting a full stop to the 'is he staying or going' rumour-mongering. You could see the models' sinewy frames reflected in the Giacometti figures and the huge round 1980s shoulders mirrored in the epic Miró sculptures. But this was no art history lesson; it felt more like a tribe of fashion futurists had landed and we'd caught them performing a cult catwalk ritual – some models even wore a painted third eye in the middle of their foreheads and white sacrificial-esque robes. 'This Cruise show is about eccentricity for me. It's how an individual can have her own proper style and start a movement. I love this idea,' he said. Cue the rubber-soled trainers (a literal thigh-high extension of this season's sell-out sneakers), uttering silken minidresses inlayed with lace, stark spaceship-jumpsuit uniforms and delicate swingy cape jackets made entirely from feather-shaped sequins. 'We all try to respond to the desire of having a new emotion with fashion,' Ghesquière reflected after the usual photo-ops with his LV glamourati crew of Emma Stone, Jennifer Connelly, Ruth Negga, Léa Seydoux and new recruit Sienna Miller. 'There's this constant balance between doing timeless things. But the thing is, we're doing fashion, we want to be in the moment. at's why I've chosen this job.' Credit: ShutterstockNext stop: the Gucci graveyard. Or rather, Les Alyscamps, the ancient Roman necropolis just outside the walls of Arles in the heart of Provence. It was dark when we took our seats in the burial ground alongside the ancient sarcophagi, mist curling, the air full of the eerie sound of church bells. A fuse was lit and a line of fire shot down a narrow channel, setting the pathway ablaze. It was an epic opener, even by creative director Alessandro Michele’s standards – his last show in Milan turned Gucci’s HQ into an operating theatre with models carrying replicas of their own heads under their arms. But this was something else. Or as Millennials obsessed with Gucci like to put it: is was everything.It was like watching a cliff-hanger episode of Michele’s Guccification series, a bone-chilling drama with mind-boggling, multi-faceted fashion that highlighted his awesomeness to the max. ‘The show’s characters are imagined through a mix of widows attending grave sites, kids playing rock stars, ladies who aren’t ladies. It’s a place that belongs to everyone and the idea that death is a fascination,’ said the show notes.Peel back the layers – veils, trains, cloaks, headdresses, bouquets of flowers – and the commercial big hitters began to reveal themselves: a Chateau Marmont laundry bag, those neon-bright treble-soled sneakers, printed silk track suits, a perfectly polite form- fitting navy coat, a white Chanelified skirt suit, a giant oral printed puffer jacket, leggings, sweatshirts – you name it, all destined to sell up a storm. Even the dreamy gowns – including a ghostly white dress whose owing train came so dangerously close to the fire it had us all on tenterhooks ready to throw our jackets over the model who wore it, were the stuff of red carpets for the A-list individualist.It’s incredible that of all the designers out there, Alessandro Michele has become fashion’s pied-piper-in-chief – where he leads, others have tried to follow because the true magic of it all is that it actually sells: Gucci sales soared 42% in 2017. But this designer is a true one-off – an unrepeatable authentic iconoclast. Only he could get Elton John to an ancient cemetery outside Arles to serenade us at the end of the night. Sitting at a grand piano, behind diamond-framed Gucci sunglasses, he dedicated Rocket Man to his friend Michele who sat with him on stage, as emotionally overwhelmed by the moment as the rest of us. As Cruise shows go, this will be hard to ever top. And the rain held off, too. Perhaps Gucci got hold of a shaman after all – his name? Alessandro Michele.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion industry isn’t short of opportunities to dress-up, yet the CFDA Fashion Awards, which took place last night in New York, is an exceptional event. More industry than the Met Gala, less celebrity than the Oscars, it’s a fashion feast complete with delicious, directional gowns and exceptional people. Of all the guests - including Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Kendall Jenner and Naomi Campbell no less - at the Brooklyn Museum there was one twosome that stood out.Coupling up on the red carpet has become the de facto way to make celebrity relationships official (see: Stranger Things’ Charlie Heaton and Natalia Dyer at the Fashion Awards) and Brother Vellies founder Aurora James has not been shy about making her friendship with ex-Teen Vogue editor Elaine Welteroth known. Though James accompanied Solange (no less) to the most recent Met Gala, it’s Welteroth that’s always been her main hang.Credit: ShutterstockBoth this year and last the pair walked the CFDA carpet together and in our humble opinion stole the spotlight both times. At last night's gala, the couple co-ordinated in seashell white dresses with matching braids and accessories by James' sustainable hand-fashioned shoes and handbag line. Likewise, at the 2017 event, the best-friends walked the carpet together in Brother Vellies. For last year's event, the two chose a lilac colour-story teamed with the label's signature calf-grazing boots. Credit: ShutterstockSure, Elaine and Aurora won our best-dressed award for the evening, but they weren’t the only winners. Raf Simons of Calvin Klein walked away with the Womenswear Designer of the year award, while James Jebbia of Supreme was awarded the Menswear title and Accessories Designer of the year. Diane von Furstenberg was recognized with the Swarovski Award for Postive Change, Ralph Lauren was given a Member’s Salute, Kim Kardashian West took home the influencer Award and Naomi Campbell was named Fashion Icon.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...More often than not, the weather wreaks havoc with the best-laid plans, so you can’t blame Louis Vuitton for wanting to try and appease the weather gods by hiring a shaman to prevent it raining during outdoor catwalk shows.The luxury French fashion house reportedly has a Brazilian shaman on its books to help magic the rain away during al fresco events, including the recent shows in Rio de Janeiro and Kyoto. Indeed, he was present in the small French town of Saint-Paul de Vence for the brand’s cruise show last week, managing to keep the threatening-looking rainclouds at bay until after the show finished. It’s probably a smart move considering the epic downpour that Dior suffered at its cruise show, which reportedly led Paris Jackson to leave and forced the FROW to evacuate to the second row. Indeed, this headline was one of the reasons that the shaman recently found himself back on Louis Vuitton’s payroll, after reportedly being let go due to being so expensive (he only flies first class, natch). Now, can we have his number for all al fresco cinema tickets, weddings and rooftop drinks we have booked in this summer?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Have you noticed it's getting warmer? Not the odd day here and there but consistently hotter. I'm calling it: it's officially summer. With June's arrival, summer holidays are just around the corner. Putting together a micro-edit of your wardrobe for your next vacation can be a minefield. Packing lists sound tiresome and whittling down your day-to-day essentials can be laborious so save yourself the trouble and throw caution to the wind and invest in a handful of items that will let you relax in the sunshine (in style) without an ounce of stress. Sure, we'll likely be hit by a few more blustering rainy days but it's time to transition into a roster of sunshine-ready pieces that can be mixed and matched until autumn comes calling. Say hello to sunshine yellow that makes lemonade out of up mustard shades and introduce tailored denim to bold blues and clean whites to sharpen up your more bohemian pieces. And, while you're at it liven up your weekday mornings with a kick of candyfloss pink or a playful accessory - look to Poppy Lissiman and Susan Alexandra for droves of choices.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After endless unpicking on Meghan Markle’s Givenchy wedding dress less than a month ago, you would think I would have had enough of bridal wear. At least for 2018. But, then I saw a picture - a blurry Instagram story that flashed by too fast for me to fully take in - of what Danish model, mother, journalist and Balenciaga-muse Emma Rosenzweig (née Leth) wore at her nuptials yesterday and now it’s all I can think about.Weddings by and large are strange affairs that induce anxiety in any singleton attendees and remind guests of patriarchy's grip on fundamental aspects of marriage. Does the bride still need to be given away? Does the groom need to ask her father’s permission? So much of the ceremony and the pomp is outdated, yet this Danish TV fixture and Copenhagen fashion week favourite found a way to navigate this funky space and carve an entrancingly chic path. She waved goodbye to the veil and said hello to a Jacquemus hat and in the process rewrote that famous walk down the aisle (which FYI she did alone).The bride wore white - surprise! - but it was by no means a traditional dress or even a traditional ensemble. Under the wide lolling brim of a Jacquemus sunhat (undoubtedly the must-have accessory of the summer), Emma sauntered down the aisle wearing a lace dress so sheer her lilac underwear shone through. Negating conventional cream satin pumps, the bride wore polka dot heels. #bryllup #wedding #mydaughter #mysoninlaw #love @emma_leth #talrA post shared by  mamaleth (@mamaleth) on Jun 2, 2018 at 11:18am PDTThe fashion clues are here. The impact is instantly felt. In other words, the peek-a-boo fabric and shielding floppy hat signal something ethereal and paradoxical. There are some muses, like Chloe Sevigny and Loulou de la Malaise, that have name recognition outside the shirt tails of the fashion industry, and then there are some, like Emma whose star quality hasn’t dented the wider spotlight. Yet, she is no less amusing with her sartorial leaps and no less fascinating as she cements herself as the ultimate non-traditional bridal muse. Move over Angelina Jolie and make room Solange for Emma Rosenzweig is here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last night as the sun set and rain swept through pier 17 at South Street Sea Port in Manhattan, Alexander Wang presented ’Collection 1’ - a 56 look ode to neo-Americana. Though New York Fashion Week is not due to start for another few months, Wang has decided to stray from the de facto seasonal schedule and show during pre-collection's season. Sure, traditionalism is old hat and anything that’s disruptive is considered cool (see: the beauty industry), but as far as house codes went this was old school Wang through and through.Credit: GettyWith stars and stripes painted across their faces and Axl Rose-inspired bandanas wrapped around their foreheads, Insta-famous male and female models walked out to heavy metal and Childish Gambino's This Is America. They wore XXL-sized leather, denim and tailored jackets with teeny weeny shorts, micro-mini skirts and low-slung chunky logo belts. It was sexy in the Bella Hadid street style school of sexy with chainmail bra tops spliced with tube socks and sneakers and dissected sports jerseys. Credit: GettyWang, himself the scion of immigrants, worked signifiers of his heritage into a collection dripping with ironic bolo ties and Mercedes Benz ornaments. There was a Nehru collared blue cheongsam jacket tucked into a pair of little leather shorts and flannel sweatpants - like the type bros that play beer pong at Ivy league universities wear - printed with the word 'Chinatown' on their left leg.Credit: GettyOn each guest’s chair was a slip of paper from Wang explaining this was ‘a new beginning, a new identity and a new day for my brand.’ And, yet, this collection was the synthesis of everything the Wang label has been up until now: dark, edgy and made-for-millennials.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve all experience that rut. That’s uninspired, listlessness that dwells just slightly above the mind’s eye-catching sight in life’s wing mirror, tugging at Monday’s heels. Though it’s hard to fight the fug, a small change can be the thing to kickstart the acceleration again.I, for one, fell into one of these moods recently. Why? I blame my wardrobe. Staring into my overstuffed closet I was faced with a myriad of bright, energizing outfits, yet not one was quite right for the office. For Saturday on Sunday, they were fine, for everything in-between they spelt trouble. Benefitting from working a creative field I have a little more wiggle room for most, but that doesn’t mean I want to be that one in the wiggle skirt late for work struggling to get up the stairs to the early morning meeting. Sadly but truly practicality is as much a factor as professionalism when it comes to choosing your Monday-to-Friday looks. That said, I wouldn’t be caught dead in some drab grey-ing skirt suit, even if Bella Hadid is putting that silhouette back on the fashion map again.Make the commute a touch less stressful with a dress with pockets or a suit that makes that capacious bag look chic. On the topic of that generous hold-all that pulls extra shifts as both gym bag and lunchbox, look for something that has enough personality to liven up the dragging workdays. Look to Caroline de Maigret who has a wowing handbag archive, or take inspiration from Marissa Cox who manages to make sophisticated tailoring look equal amounts cool as achievable…Credit: Instagram/@ruerodier Credit: Instagram/@celineaagaard_Credit: Instagram/@AlexachungCredit: Instagram/@ christenebarberichCredit: Instagram/@carolinedemaigret© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I must confess, the only reason I arranged an interview with Ralph & Russo for our Luxury issue – aside from the fact that I’m fascinated by the world’s fastest growing luxury brand – was to find out one thing: were they, or were they not, doing the dress?By the time you read this, Meghan Markle’s Givenchy wedding gown by Clare Waight Keller has been appraised by approximately 1.4 billion TV viewers worldwide, with around the same amount of column inches dedicated to its every detail.However, when I meet the Australian- born, London-based duo, Tamara Ralph (creative director) and Michael Russo (her life and business partner) in April – three weeks before the wedding – the pair are odds-on favourites, with Erdem, Stella McCartney and Christopher Bailey also in the running. The week before the wedding, bookies even closed the bets, so sure were they that Ralph & Russo had made the dress.We are sitting at a table in a pristine office inside their industrious atelier, an impressive 25,000 square foot space on Sloane Avenue, in the heart of South Kensington, one of London’s wealthiest postcodes. It’s Ralph & Russo’s eighth office move, thanks to the company doubling in size every year they’ve been in business – and they’re already at capacity in this new location. The scene is a breathtaking hive of activity, with hundreds of young women bent over their work, six of them stitching miniscule silk flowers to what appears to be a five-metre-long bridal veil.Little do I know at the time that Michael and Tamara are being stalked by the press; long lenses probably trained into their windows from buildings across the street as we speak. Or that they are receiving 800 email enquiries a day from around the world, and that their website keeps crashing. Days earlier, a photograph of Prince Harry coming out of their office entrance has only added fuel to the speculation, now at fever pitch, prompting the Daily Mail to boom: ‘Meghan Will Wear £100,000 design made by British Couturiers, Ralph & Russo.’So, is it true, I ask?‘Have a biscuit!’ says Michael Russo, anxiously. Extracting any information regarding the royal nuptials is the equivalent of getting blood out of the proverbial stone. They have been gagged with a royal NDA (non-disclosure agreement) since December last year, when Meghan picked out that beautiful black gown (said to have cost £56,000) to wear for her official engagement pictures – at this point, they can’t say anything, yes or no. There is even a poster on the wall of their studio telling all employees NOT to speak to the press under any circumstances, and that all questions should be directed through their PR, Georgia Castleman. (I later discover that Michael, Tamara and Georgia were the only people who knew of the making of the engagement dress – everyone else in the company found out along with the rest of us in December.)‘So what did Meghan’s choice of engagement gown tell you about the type of woman she is?’ I ask Tamara, who eventually relents: ‘I think she’s an incredibly inspirational woman and I love the fact she took a different turn and wore something that people did not expect. It was a beautiful piece but it wasn’t expected for an engagement photo – to go for that colour [black], that type of dress [a risqué mesh top with strategically placed embroidered golden leaves and long lush skirt], I think that really gave her the spirit of an independent woman.’Tamara is a total revelation. Our photographer describes her in a one word email after our photo session: ‘HOT!’ Not only does she not look like any designer I’ve ever encountered, she is a direct, plain-speaking, dry-humoured Aussie who exudes total calm. Not for her jeans, trainers and the harried expression of someone being hunted by the media. She wears a cream silk cashmere sweater exposing a naked shoulder and svelte gym-toned arm; a ginormous gold Rolex ashes on her wrist, a gobstopper pearl of a ring on her finger, pebble-sized diamonds in her ears. Below the waist: a short pale tweed skirt and knee-high, laced-front, vertiginous snakeskin boots – all her own designs. Long, bouncy A-lister hair and red-carpet-ready make-up. It is 11am.Her appearance is not for my benefit: she always dresses like this. Like a chauffeur-driven couture client. And that’s the point: every fibre of her being embodies the Ralph & Russo brand. As she puts it: ‘There’s no product I wouldn’t wear myself – if there’s something I see that I wouldn’t wear, it won’t get made.And as Michael will later tell me: ‘When people say, “Who is the Ralph & Russo woman?” I point at her. It’s all her. Everything about Tamara, her work ethic, the way she holds herself, the way she dresses to the way she lives her life – that is who the brand is.’Tamara: ‘Thank you, darling!’Michael: ‘You’re really welcome... Well, it is your job!’Their story is the stuff of fairy tales. Tamara met Michael in 2004, the first day she arrived in London on holiday. Serendipitously, she collided into him on a street in Fulham. Her, aged 22, a middle- class girl from Sydney with a head full of dreams of becoming a couturier. Him, 24, a ‘humble’ boy from Brisbane who had just quit his investment banking job. ‘Michael complimented me on my coat, a trench coat I’d made. And I thought, well, he’s got style,’ laughs Tamara. They fell in love and began a long-distance relationship. A year later, Michael phoned her to say he’d bought her a one-way ticket from Sydney to London: ‘“You leave next week,” he said. And I didn’t hesitate. When I arrived, I said, “OK, I’m here now, what am I going to do?” And he said, “I’ve thought about that. And I’ve bought you a sewing machine...”’Tamara had grown up with fashion. Her grandmother, who had worked in haute couture in London and design studios in Sydney, encouraged her from when she was knee-high. ‘If I stitched something, she would say, “This is not right, unpick this, do it again,” – she was really great, really ruthless,’ recalls Tamara, who was 12 when she sold her first piece and 14 when she started working in boutiques, wearing her own designs, which led to making clothes for friends and private clients.The couple first lived in Richmond together. ‘I had a little office, literally a cupboard – in fact some of the cupboards here are bigger than my first office; if you opened the door you smashed into the sewing machine. Michael had to sit on the edge of the table,’ says Tamara. Although they registered the company name in 2007, they spent three valuable years researching the industry and strategising the business before selling their first designs under Ralph & Russo – unheard of in this day and age where designers jump straight into the business the minute they’ve graduated. Says Michael, ‘We were literally two people walking into a client’s home with a sketch, some fabric swatches and asking for tens of thousands of pounds, saying, “This is Ralph & Russo – we’ve been around six months!”’Remarkably, two of their first celebrity clients were Beyoncé and Angelina Jolie. ‘We were doing some bespoke work with members of the royal family,’ says Tamara. ‘They were introduced to the brand through a royal family member – but I prefer not to say who.’ That R&R was so under the radar at that point, a word-of- mouth brand, made them all the more sought-after by those in the limelight.‘It made us more exclusive. We worked so closely with them, and it was all very private – which they seemed to love.’ It also set them up neatly as the brand with ‘a personal touch’, a million miles away from their instantly recognisable competitors Chanel and Dior. ‘The way we treat people is very personal and it’s how we started, that’s why we have a business – it’s truly part of the DNA, it’s how we are,’ says Michael.But the privacy factor exploded in January 2014, when they became the first British couture house in a century to be invited by the Chambre Syndicale (French fashion’s governing body) to show at Paris Couture Week. ‘It definitely put us on the map. Not only from a recognition perspective, but also our credibility,’ says Michael. Mind you, some clients were a little miffed at their sudden exposure, remembers Tamara. ‘Clients phoned up to say, “We heard you’re showing at Paris Fashion Week? But then everyone’s going to know! You’re not going to be my secret anymore.” We even had clients crying at the show.’Their rise in the fashion firmament has been nothing short of phenomenal. Today, they can lay claim to thousands of couture clients, babies to grandmothers, from Beijing to Brazil. The company is said to be growing by 400 per cent every year and was given an undisclosed nine-figure valuation when the British Phones 4 U billionaire John Caudwell bought a seven per cent stake in their business last year. Having already diversified with ready-to-wear, now fragrance, make-up and sunglasses are all in the pipeline. They employ 400 people. They have three stores: two in London, one in Paris, with six more slated to open this year in Dubai, Monaco, Doha, New York, Miami and Hong Kong. Plus a social media reach of five million. The magnitude of the business – to have grown so far and so fast in just eight years – is fairly mind-boggling, if not unheard of in the luxury fashion world.‘We have made ourselves more accessible,’ says Michael, simply. ‘The reason other houses haven’t experienced the volume we have is that there’s so many emerging markets, and many customers have heard of couture, but how many have actually seen it, touched it, experienced it?’ In every store, Michael ensures there is a selection of couture pieces to try on and be fitted in there and then, meaning clients don’t have to go the traditional route – to an intimidating house in Paris. ‘Our catchphrase is “there’s no room for arrogant luxury” – we’re the opposite. We are the same people, always, whether we’re talking to the lady who lives down the street or to the royal family – we’re two down-to-earth Australians who love what we do.’Post wedding, I contact R&R for some follow-up quotes. I wonder what it must have been like being caught up in a world media frenzy? How not being able to say they hadn’t done the dress may have appeared to fan the flames and in doing so called the company’s integrity into question? ‘Like any of these situations, it’s difficult when you can’t control the message. Our relationship with Kensington Palace and our signed NDA meant we could not comment at all.’ Privacy is their byword. ‘The business was built on discretion, we would never discuss our private clients or the price points of any custom pieces – we never have and we never will – discretion and trust is key.’ But the furore? The personal stalking? All Michael will say is that it was so full-on, ‘I actually nearly started to question it myself.’ And what of the effect of it all on their business? ‘It would be crazy to say that the level of attention and speculation hasn’t had any impact. But with this comes a level of responsibility to protect that person’s trust. All we can hope is that we continuously prove to be just that: a trusted partner with whom our clients feel secure in not only the design, but the brand.’ As for the actual Givenchy wedding dress, Tamara graciously adds: ‘Claire created a truly exceptional look, simple, timeless, elegant.’When I left them on the day of our interview, I asked Tamara what she wore to her own wedding, thinking it might shed some light on what she’d design for the dress of the year. It turns out they’ve been far too busy to get married. So, what will she wear when they finally get round to it? ‘I’d probably do a white tuxedo or a jumpsuit and a big hat,’ says Tamara. ‘One thing’s for sure,’ chimes in Michael, ‘it’s going to be the hardest wedding dress she’ll ever make; she’ll be her most difficult client!’Look back at royal wedding dresses through history in the gallery below...Credit: ShutterstockQueen Victoria is one of just two British Queens to have married while reigning (the other is Queen Mary). For her wedding to Prince Albert at St James' Palace, the young Queen chose a simple off-the-shoulder style in white satin, with a flounce of Honiton lace at the neckline. Instead of a coronet, she wore a simple orange blossom garland.Royal wedding dresses through history - Grazia2of17Queen Victoria is one of just two British Queens to have married while reigning (the other is Queen Mary). For her wedding to Prince Albert at St James' Palace, the young Queen chose a simple off-the-shoulder style in white satin, with a flounce of Honiton lace at the neckline. Instead of a coronet, she wore a simple orange blossom garland.For her wedding to Prince Henry of Battenberg in 1885, Princess Beatrice, the youngest daughter of Queen Victoria, wore a fashionable white satin dress, trimmed with lace (which the Princess is said to have loved) and orange blossom. She was the only of Victoria's daughters to wear her mother's veil down the aisle, too.The future Queen Mary's wedding dress was designed by Arthur Silver of the Silver Studio, whose designs epitomised the Art Nouveau look. Her classic gown was embroidered with roses, shamrocks and thistles, with the choice of orange blossom for the trim echoed in small wreaths adorning her neckline and her hair. Her 'something old' was a small piece of Honiton lace from her mother's own wedding gown, with diamond jewellery from future mother-in-law Queen Victoria ticking off 'something borrowed.'The future Queen Mother's wedding dress was quintessentially 1920s in style, with a simple drop waist. Designed by Madame Handley-Seymour, the dressmaker to Queen Mary, it was made of ivory silk crepe and embroidered with pearls. Her Flanders lace veil was held in place by a wreath of orange blossom and white roses, the latter a nod to the her future title of Duchess of York.Court couturier Norman Hartnell described the wedding gown of the then-Princess Elizabeth as 'the most beautiful dress I had so far made.' Patterned with stars and floral embellishments, the dress – and its 13 foot train – was said to be inspired by Botticelli's Primavera, and to symbolise the nation's rebirth following the war. As clothing rationing was still in place (even for a Princess), Elizabeth had to purchase the fabric with ration coupons (though she was inundated with coupons from young women across the country, she had to return them to their owners). When Princess Margaret (pictured here with brother-in-law the Duke of Edinburgh, who walked her down the aisle) married photographer Anthony Armstrong-Jones, she opted for a design by royal couturier Norman Hartnell. Comprising 30 metres of silk organza, the dress's simple shape and clean lines were designed to flatter the Princess's petite frame.Ahead of her marriage to Captain Mark Phillips, Princess Anne seemed to take sartorial inspiration from times past, specifically the court of Queen Elizabeth I: her wedding gown, designed by Maureen Baker for Susan Small, featured a Tudor-style high neck and sweeping, almost medieval sleeves. Lady Diana Spencer's now-iconic 1981 wedding dress set bridal trends for years to come, with its puffed sleeves, 25-foot train and full skirt. Designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel, the ivory silk taffeta gown was embellished with tiny sequins and pearls in a heart motif.Lindka Cierach designed this quintessentially '80s wedding dress for Sarah Ferguson's wedding to Prince Andrew. Made from ivory duchesse satin, it boasted a 17 foot long train embroidered with bees and thistles (a nod to her family's crest) and anchors and waves (symbolizing Prince Andrew's naval career). The York Diamond tiara which Fergie wore on the day was commissioned especially for her by her mother-in-law, the Queen.Samantha Shaw was tasked with designing and making a dress for the wedding of Sophie Rhys-Jones (now the Countess of Wessex) to the Queen's youngest son, Prince Edward. The long-sleeved style was embellished with 325,000 cut glass and pearl beads.Camilla's embroidered coat in pale blue and gold and matching chiffon gown were designed by Robinson Valentine for her wedding to the Prince of Wales at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Her statement headpiece – which featured Swarowski diamonds – was the handiwork of the royal family's favourite milliner, Philip Treacy.Canadian-born Autumn Kelly opted for a classic gown by British designer Sassi Holford, which featured a bodice fashioned from hand-beaded lace and a silk duchesse skirt, worn with a beaded shrug. The Festoon tiara which the bride wore on the day was borrowed from the collection of her mother-in-law, Princess Anne.Zara Phillips wore a simple, classic gown with a full skirt and corseted bodice by Stewart Parvin, one of her grandmother the Queen's favourite couturiers, when she married rugby player Mike Tindall at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh. The diamond tiara was the bride's 'something borrowed,' a loan from her mother Princess Anne.Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen landed the biggest fashion gig of the century so far when she was chosen by Kate Middleton to design a dress for her Westminster Abbey wedding to Prince William. The gown itself was made from ivory satin with long lace sleeves and floral motifs which were cut from machine-made lace then appliqued onto silk net by workers at the Royal School of Needlework. Lady Gabriella Windsor walked down the aisle in a Luisa Beccaria gown, which as made "entirely in Valencienne écru lace layered with ribbons of flowers and buds" says the designer. We all know that Givenchy's Clare Waight Keller designed Meghan Markle's wedding dress, but there's a fun fact about the detailing. The flowers embroidered into the veil represent the 53 nations of the Commonwealth, a nod to Prince Harry's role as Youth Ambassador. Princess Eugenie had a very particular request when it came to her wedding dress, which designer Peter Pilotto accommodated. He designed her dress with a low-back as to reveal the scars from her scoliosis surgery.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It arrived in cinemas nearly three decades ago, and while Pretty Woman's plot might not have aged too well (sex worker finds love with a wealthy older businessman who buys her nice things - sound the problematic klaxon), the film's fashion legacy has never been more in evidence.Last year, Hunza G, the British brand responsible for the extreme cut-out style that Julia Roberts’ character Vivian wears at the start of the story,teamed up with ASOS to reissue the infamous dress in the same crinkled seersucker stretch material (albeit in a handful of new colourways). This spring, Pretty Woman’s influence has extended from higher-end labels like Alessandra Rich to high street favourites like Mango and Zara, with each label paying homage to the brown and white polka dot print from Roberts’s character’s polo outfit. It was only ever going to be a matter of time before a brand decided to resurrect the film’s most memorable outfit of all – the off-the-shoulder column dress in bold red that Vivian wears for a night at the opera – and now, thanks to LA-based label Reformation, a near identical dress could be hanging in your wardrobe for just under £300.Reformation's Bali dress recreates an iconic dress from Pretty Woman (which was itself inspired by a Valentino gown)It features the same off-the-shoulder neckline...... with a deep v at the front and low back...Credit: Shutterstockjust like the one Julia's character Vivian wore in the film.Reformation’s ‘Bali’ dress, part of the eco-conscious brand’s new summer wedding collection, has all the hallmarks of the Pretty Woman showstopper: an off-the-shoulder neckline (albeit one that’s slightly simplified in line with our more minimal millennial sensibilities, ditching the ‘80s ruching at the sleeves), a deep V and . cascading skirt (which has also been de-ruffled a little to fit with Reformation’s cleaner, simpler aesthetic). For shoppers wishing to pay a less obvious homage to the movie, it’s also available in black and champagne, with each dress priced at $388 (or approximately £292). Failure to snap it up immediately would be a big mistake. Huge.Look back at more of the most fashionable films in cinema history in the gallery below...Credit: RexMany style analyses have been applied to '80s teen movie Heathers, and for good reason.Who better than Heather, Heather, Heather and Veronica to show us the value of wearing matchy-matchy pleated skirts cut just above the knee, blazers with oversized shoulder pads, and teaming block-coloured leggings with socks and ballet flats for a mid-day game of crochet?most fashionable films slider1of12Many style analyses have been applied to '80s teen movie Heathers, and for good reason.Who better than Heather, Heather, Heather and Veronica to show us the value of wearing matchy-matchy pleated skirts cut just above the knee, blazers with oversized shoulder pads, and teaming block-coloured leggings with socks and ballet flats for a mid-day game of crochet?When you're making a movie like Carol, where the clothes help tell us who the characters are, you need a costume designer who can double as a storyteller. Enter three-time Academy Award winner Sandy Powell OBE.Carol, set in 1952, was a critical period to dress for. And while we can all fantasize over luxurious red coats, muted coral palettes, big, jewel-encrusted brooches and silky scarves - Rooney Mara's character Therese lends herself to a more ordinary, slightly dowdy day-to-day style, highlighted by plain hairbands, plaid and simple long-sleeved shirts.There have been five motion picture incarnations of F Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby but one thing has remained the same throughout - the dazzling 1920s fashion.Looks seen in the 1974 Great Gatsby, starring Robert Redford and Mia Farrow, have gone on to be huge modern day womenswear trends. Think: silky underwear-as-outerwear, flapper dresses, low-heeled pumps and over-the-top headwear.The film's costume designer, Theoni V. Aldredge, won an Academy Award for her take on the rich, exuberant flapper style. However, it's been reported that the menswear in the film (think: sharp tuxes, pocket squares, jumpers resting over the shoulders and perfectly tailored shirts) was actually put together by their designer, Ralph Lauren, something many have furiously denied.When highly regarded fashion designer Tom Ford spent an alleged $7 million of his own money to get his directorial debut, A Single Man, made, it wouldn't be a shock if a few eyes rolled.But the film's expert costume design, moving story and the Academy Award-nominated performance by Colin Firth all came together to make the film brilliant - and the critics agreed.The combination of a muted, neutrals-focused colour palette, classic, everyday '60s style as inspiration and Tom Ford's penchant for a perfectly tailored suit (complete with pocket square and gold-plated tie clip) and the film naturally becomes one of our picks for most stylish.Let us also remember the old school styling in flashbacks of Colin Firth's characters, and never forget the fluffy, almost pink knit jumper worn by Nicholas Hoult.Sofia Coppola's third full-length film, featured hyper-stylised, intricate, pastel-coloured period costumes, which complemented the luscious, light pink and teal colour themes and cinematography. The film's aesthetic (and it's clothes) even landed an in-character Kirsten Dunst the cover of Vogue.Coppola's re-imagining of the former Queen of France has gone on to inspire numerous modern day beauty trends and even collections by brands like Wildfox.The Woody Allen-directed feature is largely regarded as a classic, mostly because Diane Keaton gives an incredible performance and cements her status as a cinematic style icon as the film's titular character. It's been reported that much of what makes Annie Hall's menswear-turned-womenswear look is the fact that many of the outfits she wore actually belonged to Diane herself.We would definitely upvote the TV show if that's what this was about – but since we can't include the classic series in a list about films, we'll have to settle for the first Sex & The City big screen outing. Carrie continues to make oversized floral details happen, while Miranda embraces glamour. Charlotte shows that mum style doesn't have to be frumpy, and Samantha is, well, still Samantha. Think more labels, higher heels and huge style statements.Of course a movie which delves into the hard-working world of fashion journalism is going to bring its A-game when it comes to costume design. Two words: Miranda Priestly.Clueless has become a cult film for fashion in the same way as Heathers – except Cher and her fellow high school queens can afford some serious high-end names. Perhaps the films two most iconic looks are Cher's matching yellow plaid blazer and skirt combo, and her penchant for knee high socks. But it's also worth taking note of the sartorial transformation of Tai, played by the late Brittany Murphy, as she transforms for normcore new girl to teen queen mean girl.This documentary follows the process of Raf Simons and colleagues putting together a collection for Dior. The collections may now be years old, but the couture dresses we see in development and on the runway are utterly timeless – in shape, fabric and colour.Jean Luc Godard's Breathless is a classic piece of cinema for many reasons. But the film has since become iconic for its leading lady, Jean Seberg, and her character's timeless Parisian style. In a nutshell: striped Breton shirts, cigarette trousers, ballet flats, demure cardigans and knee-length dresses.Julia Roberts as prostitute Vivian falls for Richard Gere's character, and her client, Edward. The rags-to-riches story is one of the greatest classic romcoms of all time. It's not just notable for its plot, but also for the growth of Vivian's personal wardrobe.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In air travel, every millimetre matters. And, we’re not just talking about leg room for Zac Posen has redesigned every inch of Delta new uniforms.For most of us, not least airline staff, travelling isn’t a very fashionable experience. Between carefully packed baggies of miniature liquids and sharing elbow space with strangers for 15-hours straight, that tiny sliver of glamour that may have once been the starting and ending point of a holiday has near but disappeared. However, Posen has turned Delta’s runways into a catwalk. Literally. Yesterday, as the American company took to the air in their new uniforms designed by the New York couturier, one Minneapolis flight was treated to a new type of in-flight entertainment: a fashion show. As the air hosts and hostesses strutted and twirled down the galley the unsuspecting passenger were one of the first to see what Posen has been slyly designing with Delta for the last three years.For every employee from in-flight to technical, mechanic and ground team, Posen has designed a host of outfits in 'Passport Plum', 'Cruising Cardinal' and 'Groundspeed Graphite'. It's not just the names that are a little quirky, behind the seams Posen has included little details that make these pieces a little special. 'There are nuances to airline uniforms that you don't find at Saks Fifth Avenue, like hidden pockets for a passport, a slot to put in a radio or sweat guard shields on the inside of blazers in case you're working in a super-hot climate,' reveals Delta's Uniform Director Ekrem Dimbiloglu adding, ' We added spill repellency on the fabrics because in our 85-plus focus groups around the country flight attendants warned of that rogue tomato juice that explodes and that chocolate sauce from the dessert tray that gets everywhere. A lot of the features you can't really see.'He adds that many of these little touches, like four-way stretch materials and personalised galvanized buttons on the trousers of below wing employees, like mechanics and technicians, that are always hidden behind belts are there to add morale. Likewise, a set of sunglasses and handbags for female staff aren't essential, but make the employees feel cared for. One air hostess on a flight from Paris bragged of these new Posen-designed bags that they are a nifty way of transporting back six bottles of French wine, while another said the new neckties are something they'd wear off-duty. 'From a customer point of view, we want them to look slick and beautiful and set apart from our competitors. But for our employees it's about function, breathability and comfort', Dimbiloglu says.A flight attendant’s needs for 11 hours at 30,000 ft is very different from a red carpet attendee’s for an hour in LA but that was something that excited Posen. ‘I love the apron because when we played with the pattern we designed it to mimic the idea of a plane taking off and the horizon changing,’ Posen gleefully reveals at a launch event in Los Angeles. 'I also love the button design and the changing of the wing name tags.'‘I love the signature dress most’ said Posen of the purple sheaf that’s already the most popular style with the in-flight teams. This new accolade for the designer adds another bow to his CV, which already includes TV-star, cookbook author and CFDA winner. He’s certainly clued up on what it means to design for a crew as he researched every airline uniform from every carrier ever (!) before putting pen-to-drawing pad for Delta.‘From the beginning, I wanted to create that “wow” moment,’ Posen explains, ‘Delta wanted to create a specific impact that if you see the crew walking through an airport you see unity.’ Yet, these days Delta’s staff come in all shapes, sizes and ages, which proved to be one of the more interesting sticking points for creating a vision of unity in the face of diversity. How did he do it? A tight edit of colours but with a choice of specific streamlined shapes that can be mixed-and-matched by the crew. There are skirt and trouser options, different suits and waistcoats and two dresses to pick from.‘I think it harks back to the romance of travel but feels totally contemporary.’ As flights take off and Posen is added to the annals of airline designers, alongside Mary Quant, Cristóbal Balenciaga and Emilio Pucci, he says what unifies his own label and his latest Delta designs: ‘Making somebody beautiful never goes out of style’.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What does ‘cult’ mean? You’ve heard the word before, often about a devout religious group (see: Wild Wild Country), but in the fashion and beauty landscape it’s evolved into this evocative and mysterious mass. Something insatiable and savvy, connected and insider-only. When Self-Portrait’s dresses appeared on the fashion landscape in 2013 we didn’t realise a revolution was underway, a new type of cult was emerging.It may have started with an affordable Broderie Anglaise dress beloved by celebrities as diverse as Kate Middleton and Kristen Stewart, but the label’s rapid rise to success has set the standard bearer for a new bread of mid-price labels (like Rixo, Staud and Kitri). Malaysian-born, Central Saint Martins-trained founder Han Chong cut his teeth at likeminded label Three Floor but set out on his own with a singular missing to allow his ‘customers to be the best version of themselves without having to compromise quality for price’, he says, ’I’ve always wanted Self-Portrait to be a brand that makes women feel empowered and good about themselves.’With a new standalone London shop (on Albermarle Street) and a slew of copycat cult labels popping up mimicking the success but not always grasping the quality and control of vision of Self-Portrait, we quizzed Han Chong on what makes his brand work:Self-Portrait is a world for the contemporary woman where she can feel feminine, beautiful and confident, whilst expressing herself through what she wears. We've received such amazing response since Kate Middleton wore self-portrait last night! Everyone has been asking for it, we are listening! You can pre-order it on our website now for delivery on the 23rd of January.A post shared by  SELF-PORTRAIT (@mrselfportrait) on Nov 4, 2016 at 7:11am PDTSome of the key pieces have been our Azalea dress and Cold-Shoulder Frill top. These pieces embody our aesthetic of femininity, fun and great fit, but with a modern twist. It is romanticism with an attitude.Our team travels all over the world to source the newest fabrications each season. We spend a lot of time researching new techniques and constantly looking for ways to enhance our designs. Sometimes it can be the smallest details.After the research stage, we create a mood board for the season. This helps me focus in on what I feel the Self-Portrait women want for that particular time. While designing I like to really be alone in my thoughts while I’m first sketching out the collection. After that, we start sampling the pieces then do fittings to see how it looks on a body. We will make adjustments and corrections to the garment. Once the entire collection is completed, its then shown and bought by retailers. We finish with our runway show during New York Fashion Week. Actress @freidapinto  wearing self-portrait upcoming Resort 17's OPHELIA LONG SLEEVE DRESS during a photocall for the television series "Guerrilla" in Cannes, France.A post shared by  SELF-PORTRAIT (@mrselfportrait) on Oct 20, 2016 at 4:15am PDTI find inspiration from the incredibly talented women that I know. How they live their lives, what challenges they face and how my clothes fit into these multi-faceted lives, those are things that inspire me.Dresses will always be part of our company’s DNA, but as the brand has evolved so has our customer. I am conscious of what she might want in her closet. The key to any brand is evolving while still maintaining your handwriting. We always like to introduce new materials, silhouettes, textures and product categories. This continues to challenge me creatively as a designer which is something that I need. We recently launched our own footwear collection which is something that hadn’t done before but had learned through past collaborations.It is always a thrill to me when I see people wear our designs, from real women to celebrities. I think in general, there is so much amazing product out there in the market so to see these influential women wear our pieces is very cool. Beyonce recently wore our Satin Polka Dot Frill top and looked amazing.From the start, I knew I wanted to create luxury pieces that were more accessible. Clothes don’t have to have an exorbitant price tag if the brand is really putting in effort and time with the entire process - researching and finding the most cost-effective techniques without sacrificing the quality and craftsmanship. @beyonce wearing our SATIN POLKA DOT FRILL TOP to attend Big Sean 30th birthday with JayZ #beyoncéA post shared by  SELF-PORTRAIT (@mrselfportrait) on Mar 28, 2018 at 5:17am PDTI think it’s important to find something that you feel comfortable and confident in but to not be afraid to step outside your comfort zone and try new things.Build your wardrobe by investing in quality, well-made pieces.Luxury to me is having amazing quality while looking and feeling your absolute best. It’s about not being too precious and protective, but being able to have fun with it. That freedom truly defines luxury.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...2018 has been a huge year for London-based designer Richard Quinn – and we’ve barely reached the half way mark. First, there was the headline-making moment in February when Queen Elizabeth II sat alongside Anna Wintour on the front row of his London Fashion Week show – marking the first time that she has attended a catwalk show in her 65 year reign. Then, Amal Clooney wore a bespoke piece from the designer – a striking bodice, train and trousers hybrid embellished with Quinn’s signature bold florals – at the Met Gala. Now, the 28-year-old CSM grad has joined forces with Debenhams to bring us an 11-piece occasionwear collection that’s both affordable and covetable.The collaboration, which is priced between £65 and £125, showcases the graphic botanical prints that have fast become Quinn’s trademark; some have been drawn especially for Debenhams, while others are from the designer’s back catalogue. That’s not to say that the print-averse among us have been left wanting. Bardot dresses in red or blue velvet adorned with another Quinn hallmark, an outsize bow, are available in midi and mini lengths respectively, and the collection also features an elegant design that riffs on the classic little black dress.Other standouts include an off-the-shoulder prom dress in a blue textured floral print and a midi-length style in yellow with statement sleeves, both of which we expect to see doing the Instagram rounds once wedding season is in gear. And while it’s not all about the dresses - we could easily see the Bardot-necked jumpsuit in a painterly print becoming a summer eveningwear staple – it’s hard to argue that the real showstopper is the full-length evening dress in that same painterly print, complete with a sweeping, Amal-esque cape at the back. Who needs a Met ticket?Shop our favourite styles from the Richard Quinn collection in the gallery below...Coming soon© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It seems like a cliche, but the French brand Sandro is très chic. Hundreds of books and thousands of articles have been written about this intellectual, cool ‘Parisian’ look but it’s Sandro that seems to sell it without ever going to near a beret of a Breton top. Effortless in that insatiable and yet indefinable way of Jane Birkin, sexy in the manner of Brigitte Bardot and slick in the schooling of Catherine Deneuve - Sandro is evidence that the myth of French style is real.In Sandro stores in London, all over the UK and Europe, even in the dark depths of the Sandro sale section at the end of the season, it’s hard to miss the niche that the label has carved itself. ‘My husband and I created Sandro in 1984’, recalls founder Evelyne Chetrite. ‘When we launched it, there wasn't anything like it in France. There were the designers at one end and then cheap department stores and not much in between. We were the only fashion brand which was investing in this niche market between luxury and mass market, the affordable luxury segment didn’t exist before.’ Only now after the birth of social media is this space widening with labels like Kitri, Self-Portrait and Rixo pushing at the edges of this gainfully sought out market.For the French fashion label, it's clothing, not trends that at are at its core. ‘The Sandro look is chic, androgynous but yet feminine. The Sandro woman is confident and independent. She is looking for beautiful, modern and original pieces,’ explains Chetrite. This Sandro woman likes laces dresses, blazers, silk tops and wool fitted coats. She shops at multi-brand boutiques and has probably visited, or would like to, visit the brand’s first standalone shop in the fashionable Le Marais quarter of Paris. ‘Each piece has a different story, there’s not one magic recipe’, reveals Chetrite, ‘One of our biggest strength is that we listen to what our clients really want to wear. I believe it’s crucial to feed from customer’s feedback and understand better their needs.’ She sums it up as wanting ‘to be as near as possible to the real girls’ desires.’What does Chetrite think the French look is? ‘It’s more of a lifestyle and a chic nonchalance’ she says, ‘where women do not really care too much, unfazed by what is dictated as appropriate for a certain time of day. They search more to express their own individuality than to strictly follow the trends. French dress to feel good, not to show off.’ She adds: ‘The Parisian woman has a “je ne sais quoi” that makes her style very special, casual but always chic, sophisticated but cool. The Parisian is more a concept: the number one rule is to keep the things that work well on you, well-cut basics that work for sure. And never try too hard, or make sure it doesn’t look like you’ve spent hours working on your outfit, even if you did.’6 Sandro Dresses That Sum Up The Paris Look:Sandro France Paris UK Fashion1of6© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ll level with you, Tod’s haven’t reinvented the wheel, but they have reinvented their wheel. Since the dawn of the Italian label (1920, if you’re wondering) the Gommino - that famous pebble-soled loafer - has been a signature of the label and yet this spring it’s had an unconventional makeover.Just in time for summer, the humble slip-on has been injected with a touch of fun. How? Fringing. Simple yet glorious, it seems this Yorky Gommino is the perfect vehicle for dancer Renee Stewart's new dance video. Just like Rod Stewart's daughter Renee, you can make Tod's Gommino your own with their new in-app experience 'MyGommino', which allows you to personalize every aspect of the footwear. You pick the sticking, the leather, the colour and the pebbles as well as the hardware, insole and any monogramming you desire to make it that extra touch more personalized. Let the creativity begin.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Occasionally, the planets align and by mysterious forces outside of our knowledge, one item becomes the most in-demand of the moment. Case in point was this weekend, when seemingly everyone on our Instagram feed was wearing De La Vali's 'Juliette' dress. First of all, we spotted stylist Harriet Stewart wearing it in the white and red polka dot version; then, a few hours later, an email alerted us to the fact that Millie Mackintosh had chosen it as her hen party dress. Scrolling later on during the Bank Holiday, we saw Chloe Delevingne, the eldest sister of Cara and Poppy, wearing the passionfruit-print version. Before long, we saw Lily Fortescue wearing it too. A bit of digging showed us that former Grazia fashion features editor Hannah Almassi, of Who What Wear, also owns it.  So, who is exactly is behind this new cult dress? The floor-length, tiered gown, cap-sleeved gown, which features a low-neckline and soft ruffles, is the brainchild of Ibizan design duo Jana Sacha Haveman and Laura Castro, better known as De La Vali whose bohemian-inflected brand launched at Browns last year and is already a favourite of Kate Moss (the model liked designer Jana Sacha Haveman's dress so much while on a night out in the White Isle, she gave it to her).Described as 'one of a kind' on the De La Vali site, the 100% silk dress is dubbed, 'The perfect evening gown it is light and summery and drapes elegantly from the shoulders and skims the waist flattering any figure.' Indeed, it's appeal is clearly great - seen on so many women with different taste in clothes in just one sunny Bank Holiday weekend - and it's also started to sell out in some sizes online, too. It's the perfect summer wedding guest dress outfit, in our humble opinion...Other celebrity fans who can't get enough of the brand include a roll-call of London 'It' girls, from Sadie Frost to Jamie Winstone, so if you can't get your hands on the Juliette, why not try one of the other styles as chosen by them? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Send help: I have found 36 things I want to buy. No, seriously. Usually, when scouring the high street it’s a bit like finding the cookie dough chunks in a Ben and Jerry’s ice cream – worth the hunt but those nuggets of treasures are few and far between. However, my search has come up 100 per cent cookie dough and zero per cent filler vanilla.Though magazines (guilty as charged) like to taunt you with beautiful designer pieces, the reality is that you don’t need to drop a serious amount of cash to buy trend-savvy items that are well-made. Whether it’s a mid-month purchase or a payday treat, these 36 designs don’t require as much mental justification and cost-per-wear arithmetic than, say, a Gucci party dress. These are pieces that can slip into your wardrobe without hesitation, that will elevate and celebrate your favourite items.For a summer wedding, Ghost has silky slip dresses in vivid shades that veer between Courtney Love-coquettish and endearingly coy. Zara has the luxe slides that will make relevant again that several-seasons-old summer dress that’s a core tenant of your holiday wardrobe. And, Massimo Dutti has a lemon jumpsuit that hits the right wedding guest note (especially when teamed with edit58’s elliptical straw bag). Anyway, enough of my nattering, scroll down to see for yourself:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘How was your bank holiday?’ They ask. You say, ‘lovely, but hectic’, and so goes the trite but polite chat we will all have in the office kitchen this Tuesday morning. No one wants to be honest and reveal that really they spent the last three days eating, drinking and lounging in sweatpants with Netflix blaring in the background. It just doesn’t sound impressive. But, the truth means wriggling into a pair of smart work trousers come 8 am is a rude awakening.Ease yourself back into the 9-to-5 monotony with an outfit that zings. Something that will make you stand up a little straighter but still has enough of your weekend personal style that you’ve become accustomed to, but not so much your boss shoots you side eye during morning meetings. At a loose end about what to wear? Fear not for Instagram has made it easier than ever to make this dream a reality. Scroll down to find four ready-made edible outfit sandwiches to take to work this week…Credit: Instagram/@thestylestalkerCredit: Instagram/@meganellabyCredit: Instagram/@double3xposureCredit: Instagram/@katherine_omerodCredit: Instagram/@trineswardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Beach chic used to be all about dressing down, rocking pared-back makeup and leaving your hair au naturel. But as times change, so do trends: now, beach visits require a little more preparation, because dressing up has made a comeback.This summer, expect to see bikinis crop up in bright colours and daring silhouettes, with the high-rise swimsuit still reigning supreme. Hairstyles will be bigger and bolder with intricate braids and luscious curls making waves at the beach. Makeup looks will include a pop of colour - a rosy cheek, statement lip, or some grown-up glitter on the lids.As well as opting for bold colours, prints and daring designs when picking out swimwear, we're now seeing more women look to jewellery to help elevate their beach looks. And we don't blame them - jewellery can really make or break any summer look, plus it effortlessly helps you go from sun-bed to beach bar without an outfit change.Layering jewellery will be key to nailing this year's beach look, so look to brands like Thomas Sabo for stunning mix-and-match pieces. Their new collection - Generation Charm Club - lets you pair different styles of jewellery together. The new, stylish XL charm pendants can be combined in sets to create unique pieces of jewellery that reflects your very own Boho chic look. The wide range includes yellow gold and silver charms with colourful details that are perfect for wearing on the beach for a fun and Summery touch.A combination of the long and short layered necklaces, alongside different nature-inspired charms like the moon, leaf, star and best-selling parrot will make for the perfect beach look. And don't forget to accessorize with their earrings too. Graphic triangle pendants in summer shades like turquoise are the perfect marriage of elegant and fun - the duo that every beach babe needs to rock this summer.Whatever your style, you can have fun personalising your summer beach jewellery by mixing and matching different pieces. For more inspiration, shop Grazia's edit of Thomas Sabo beach jewellery below:Credit: Thomas SaboMore is more beachwear - Thomas Sabo commercial Grazia2of10Shop Generation Charm Club and other jewellery from Thomas Sabo here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘This isn't about abortion. There has always been abortion in Ireland. Unsafe, unregulated or the very costly trip that exports the problem abroad. This is about Irish women deserving their basic human rights’, exclaims London-based Irish-born Grace Margetson who’s art directed campaigns for Zara, Marc Jacobs and Loewe.On Friday 25th May, Margetson, like many other women and men, will be heading to the polls in Ireland to vote in a life or death referendum. The question they will be asked, ‘Do you approve of the proposal to amend the Constitution contained in the undermentioned Bill?’, may seem vague but could overhaul a core tenant of the country’s pro-life, religion-inflected politics. In practical terms, this means women could have the right to decide when and if they want to terminate a pregnancy.It will ‘give us the decency to have full power over our own bodies and access to appropriate regulated healthcare’, says Margetson adding: ‘As it stands a woman who aborts her rapist's child may get more years in prison than her offender. As it stands if your child has fatal foetal abnormalities you have to carry your dead child inside you to term. As it stands if you cannot provide for a child, both emotionally and financially, the state will still force you to bare it.’ Margetson isn’t the only one who feels impassioned by the need to repeal the eighth amendment.Credit: Grace Margetson and Andrew Nuding'This is about choice. It is a particular kind of violence to take away another person's choice,' designer Richard Malone wrote in an open letter to Vogue on the matter. Previously, in April, he staged a protest in one of Selfridges' windows on Oxford Street to draw attention to the referendum. The diaspora is with him as many Irish expats and descendants (over 2,900 on Instagram) have shared the hashtag #hometovote to persuade anyone eligible (left Ireland under 18 months ago) to head to the polls. Credit: Grace Margetson and Andrew NudingVisually, the movement has been represented by a Fruit of the Loom jumper decorated with the word ‘Repeal’ made by The Repeal Project. It’s been worn by celebrities and politicians and became the focal point of Margetson and photographer Andrew Nuding's photo series, which shone a light on the loneliness and silent solidarity driving the campaign. Using models picked from an open casting call, it shows the many faces and generations that vehemently want the law to change.In a final plea, the art director told Grazia: ‘We cannot let this cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment continue. Please, if you know anyone eligible to vote in Ireland, if you have any Irish friends or relatives, please help us by having the conversation with them about voting yes this Friday.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With competition from the likes of Princess Margaret, Princess Diana, Kate Middleton and now Meghan Markle (and of course Prince George), Princess Anne has never really been considered as one of the more fashionable members of the royal family. Until now that is.During an appearance at the Chelsea Flower Show, the 67-year-old rocked a pair of athletic-inspired sunglasses, in contrast to the Jackie-O style we’re used to seeing members of the royal family wear. The sporty Adidas pair were bang on trend, being from the same ilk as recent pairs on the runway at Stella McCartney and the Fenty x Puma. With their red polarised lenses, the style is one usually worn by sportsman keen to protect their eyes while on the athletics track or elsewhere, and as Anne is known to be a keen equestrian, it could just be that she owns them for similar reasons. Whatever the thought process behind the purchase though, there’s no denying she’s ahead of the curve. After all, anything is better than the tiny Matrix-esque sunnies Bella Hadid, Kim Kardashian et all have been wearing of late…© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some have argued that purple is the colour of royalty, but we’re not convinced that the Queen of England would quite agree. A quick scour through the image archives reveals a different story.In the 65 years that Queen Elizabeth II has been on the British throne, she’s shown favour for one glorious colour. Namely, a particular shade that’s everywhere right now. It goes by the name of millennial pink, though Pantone calls it ‘rose quartz’. It’s a barely-there hue that’s like a wash-y blush, a tepid fuchsia, a cool salmon. It’s the white side of cherry blossom and the one colour that fashion, brands and Tumblr just can not get enough of. Think Acne Studios’ shopping bags and Drake’s Hotline Bling cover. It’s everywhere. But, guess what, Queenie was ‘been there, done that’ first with this one. Let's take a look-see…Credit: GettyArriving at the Chelsea Flower Show, 2018Queen millennial pink - Grazia2of31Arriving at the Chelsea Flower Show, 2018Visiting the Manchester Royal Eye Hospital, 2012At a Co-operation Ireland reception, 2016During an official tour of China, 1986At the Windsor Horse Show, 1979With Prince Charles at a polo match, 1985Official tour of Hungary, 1994A charity visit, 2017A visit to Liverpool, 2016The decommissioning of HMS Ocean, 2018Attending Ascot races, 2017An occasion in London, 1992Opening the National Theatre, 1976Leaving church, 2015A visit to Malta, 1951A banquet at the Finnish Embassy, 1995At Paddington Station, 2017At the 70th anniversary D-Day commemorations, 2014At Ascot races, 2013A Buckingham Palace garden party, 2003Meeting Michelle Obama, 2009The Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey, 2012Attending the premiere of A Bunch of Amateurs, 2008Attending a banquet in Uganda, 2007Opening a Sikh gurdwara in Hounslow, 2004Attending the races, 2011At the Chelsea Flower Show, 1995On the terrace of Buckingham Palace, 1981Visiting Malta, 1967At the Highland Games with Prince Philip and Princess Anne, 1962Arriving at the Royal Festival Hall, 1962Follow Lucy on Instagram @**lucyalicemorris**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a reason the word’s fash and faff sound so similar as sometimes staying on trend (especially within the workplace) can be a right old faff. It takes diligence, research and a credit card with a serious credit limit…or a fashion editor who will point you in the direction of what to wear to make sure you skip the morning umming and erring outfit appraisal routine.For some women, Leandra Medine being one of them, putting together an interesting and exciting outfit seems so simple. Effortless, even. Let ladies like her lead your way this week with these five outfits that will make you stand out (for the right reasons) in the office© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No doubt, 2018 is an interesting year to be a new fashion label. Errortique has negated the traditional path of a new brand and launched not with a brash party or an explosion of fireworks, but a simple update to their Insta feed.Like other new(ish) labels (thinking of Kitri and Rixo) fighting for a space in our packed wardrobes the time-honoured tradition of working to a fashion calendar and showing at fashion week feels reductive, redundant and out-of-touch with the natural habits of both consumer and designer. ‘As it stands I won't be sticking to the standard fashion seasons - I'd like to release pieces more frequently than that and have trans-seasonal pieces’, explains Jessy Linton who is one half of the founding duo behind Keash (the 90s inspired braiding business that’s collaborated with Marques’Almeida, WAH and Harvey Nichols), ‘I wanted to make fun clothes for having fun in’.If you’ve been paying attention you’ll already be fairly familiar with this London-based British-made brand thanks to singers Raye and Anne-Marie who are already certifiable fans, proudly wearing her pieces while they perform. A hasty glance at the 12-piece collection shows it’s all separates owing a great deal of debt to 90s fashion. There’s silky A-Line skirts, backless halter neck tops and bandeau tops. It’s like the clothing we once wore to a school disco, but luxe and grown up. The halter necks are made of a plush velvet, the straight skirts are cut from Duchess satin and have beaded hems and the mini skirt is crafted from soft rose suede. Jessy jokes that ‘[t]his SS18 drop has clawed itself together from a whole heap of reference points’, specifically she says she's combined a touch of The O.C. a dollop of The Simple Life and highlights from her own closet.‘I like to design separates to allow for personal styling, easy outfit building and in the hope that there will be something for everyone,’ says Jessy, ‘I think women - especially London girls have such a spirited approach to personal style, sticking two fingers up at conventional ideas of "sex appeal" or "femininity". I want women to feel good and confident, always.Errortique2of24© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The paired back Scandi minimalism that first drew us to brands like & Other Stories and its sister labels Arket and Cos is over. Done for. Cause of death? Gucci and its zealous followers. Eccentric and exciting, the newest era of more-is-more maximalism is being ushered in by a collaboration between & Other Stories and House of Hackney.‘We love & Other Stories’ silhouettes, print treatments and how meaningful the brand’s social messaging feels. The collection that we created together is a heightened version of nature. We were inspired by British psychedelia, vibrant fabrics from our local Ridley Road Market, and the bohemian mood of the Bloomsbury Group,’ said Frieda Gormley, one half of the husband-and-wife team behind the interiors label. The brand, which launched in 2011, has become known for their idiosyncratic mixing of pattern, colour and willingness to experiment with historical references. & Other Stories x House of Hackney2of12Sure floral patterns are about as original as pastel and stripes for spring, but when designed by the interiors label House of Hackney for & Other Stories they bloom into a lively pastoral vision of summertime. There’s a William Morris quality to these print designs that lend a quaint aesthetic even when the shapes are definitively modern (thinking of that darkly coloured co-ord). The shapes have an eighties twinge - especially the one-sleeve ruffled midi dress and the zebra print accent scarves.Anna Nyrén, Head of Co-labs at & Other Stories, added, ‘House of Hackney transcends trends and plays in a quirky world of their own. We wanted to add to the playfulness of the co-lab collection by styling the pieces to fit the personality of each zodiac sign.' This limited edition range launches in-store and online on the May 24th with prices caring from £49 to £125.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As an influencer, you’re under the glare of a community of armchair critics. Every ensemble needs to be perfect, no stains, no creases and no overtly trendy pieces that will make you cringe in a few seasons time. In many ways, this is just like working in an office. However, not quite as hard.Even if you are employed in a creative field, a 9-to-5 comes with certain regulations. Plus, your next promotion and even paycheck may depend on how well (or badly) you dress. Make a slip-up once, you’re probably fine but twice and you’ll get a reputation. To ensure you’re never over or underdressed and that you always hit the right sartorial note we’ve rounded up five looks to get you through Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Sorry, but the weekend is on you.Grazia: What To Wear To Work This Week 10th March1of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As far as accessories go, watches are so often overlooked. Maligned for statement earrings or tossed out for a trendy necklace. Logically, this shouldn’t be the case because, in many ways, timepieces operate above the seasonal trend cycle. Part function, part fashion, they are so often mistaken for an ‘investment’ piece that requires a great deal of thought before purchase. However, their appeal is in their immediate ability to be enveloped into everyday use.Unlike say an ostrich leather handbag that costs several thousand pounds, buying a watch should be a simple decision. When intuitively picked it will slip into your day-to-day wardrobe without much thought or fuss. It should exist on your wrist like it should have always been there and will never leave. Think of it like underwear, something that fits your personal style without announcing it, something that you wear every day without giving it much consideration.The world of watches is as a confusing place to navigate. One second you’re looking a reasonably priced timepiece and the next you’re left breathless by a diamond-encrusted one-of-a-kind clock that costs more than your yearly mortgage. Ironically the designers that sell handbags for hundreds and thousands of pounds actually offer the more budget-friendly watch options. It’s when looking for a chronograph with a pedigree that the price tag involves a comma.To help your wrist find what its been missing we’ve edited the best timeless watches down to an just 10© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Stop everything! Rihanna’s first lingerie line, called Savage X Fenty, is coming to London. Sure, they say Paris is the fashion captial of the world but Rihanna has picked east London's Shoreditch Studios as her first bricks-and-mortar location. From June 13-17th the Fenty outpost will be open for business. When RiRi dropped her first make-up collection she disrupted the whole industry - she set a new inclusive standard that other brands are still failing to match up to - so naturally, RiRi is doing the same with this new range. The singer has been teasing us on Instagram for just over a month about the upcoming line, and now we know it was worth the wait.Grazia: Fenty Savage1of10RiRi’s business mantra must be inclusivity because this range not only runs from a size 32A to 44CD and a size XS to XXXL, but the 90-piece collection will be sold in 210 countries worldwide and offer something for every person’s price point. Bras start at £21 and knickers at £16. The most expensive piece still checks out at less than £80. On top of lingerie, it will include sleepwear and accessories, including a set of handcuffs (ooh err) and garter belt.There’s a core collection named ‘On the Reg’, which is your day-to-day nude sets. To up the ante the ‘U Cute’ range is girlish and lacy, while the 'Damn’ collection includes rompers and bodysuits. For the more decisively sexy the ‘Black Widow’ line has cup-less bodies, open-back bikini bottoms and half-cut bras.‘Women should be wearing lingerie for their damn selves,’ Rihanna tells Vogue. ‘I can only hope to encourage confidence and strength by showing lingerie in another light. You don’t have to stick to one personality with lingerie; it’s fun to play around. You can be cute and playful one week and a black widow next week. You can take risks with lingerie. I want people to wear Savage x Fenty and think, I’m a bad bitch. I want women to own their beauty.The takeaway? We predict the return of the underwear-as-outerwear trend.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Instagram may have its algorithms but there’s also a very simple formula to work out which labels are going to sell-out. It’s a combination of anticipation and hype. Look at Kitri who have a 700-person waiting list for a single green midi dress because one influencer, albeit Charlotte Groeneveld, wore it months before it launched. Cutie @leandramcohen and her Agnès blouse in new york ❤️ #maisoncleogirl #handmadeinfrance #bymumandI #changeyourwayofconsumption ✂️🇫🇷A post shared by  MaisonCléo www.maisoncleo.com (@maisoncleo) on Nov 3, 2017 at 11:06am PDTBanking on this philosophy, the label Maison Cleo is trying to make us rethink the way we shop. A look at the brand’s website and everything is supposedly ‘sold out’, which isn’t strictly speaking true. The French-based mother and daughter duo, Marie and Cleo who founded and run the brand buy linen, silk and cotton cast-offs from couture houses then sew each piece by hand. This labour-heavy process means they can only produce a limited run of items. Beauty Hannah @hetaurins wearing her Julie gingham shirt at home ❤️ #handmadetoorder #bymumandI ✂️🇫🇷A post shared by  MaisonCléo www.maisoncleo.com (@maisoncleo) on Feb 28, 2018 at 11:36am PSTOnce a week, on a Wednesday (6.30pm Paris time), they restock their online shop with beautifully simple, elegant blouses and dresses that are delivered with an accompanying scrunchie. The idea is to push the consumer to reconsider how and when they shop, but also to be more ethical about their purchase. Both Leandra Medine and Emily Ratajkowski have already proudly shown off their purchases on Instagram Like a french girl @emrata 🍒🍒 in the Agnès puffed sleeve blouse in Paris ☕️🥖 #maisoncleogirl #pfw #handmadeinfrance #bymumandI ✂️🇫🇷A post shared by  MaisonCléo www.maisoncleo.com (@maisoncleo) on Sep 29, 2017 at 10:26am PDT© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Karl Lagerfeld may still be embroiled in scandal, but Chanel is going from strength-to-strength. Following the fashion house’s recent Cruise runway show, the label has picked Margot Robbie to lead their new advertising campaign.This is not just a new role for Robbie, but the launch of a new category for Chanel. Though the label has previously created one-off ski pieces (like those legendary skis owned by Victoria Beckham, which are worth Googling for the nostalgia alone), the new Coco Neige range, which will be available from the label boutiques from July, is a comprehensive range of winter sports, après-ski and technical pieces. Naturally, Chanel will bring its own unique house motifs to the collection, which means expect tweed and camellia’s to be present and accounted for.‘This shoot was one of the greatest experiences of my career. The energy and vibe on set was so wonderful and collaborative,’ the Australian actress said, according to WWD. ‘One of the first things Karl Lagerfeld said to me was that we never need to take ourselves too seriously. He has such a creative mind and he knows exactly what he wants and the minute he captured it, we were moving onto the next shot. It was amazing.'Karl Lagerfeld is a creative mastermind. I already knew he was a genius but to be able to spend time with him in person, I now know he is also just a wonderful human being,'The first image of The Wolf of Wall Street star's new advertising campaign shows her against a blue clouded sky wearing a Chanel sweater and a branded trapper hat.Credit: ShutterstockChanel Cruise 2018 front row - Grazia2of13© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In the last few years, the fashion landscape has shifted somewhat. It’s no longer designer versus high street, for now, designers collaborate with the high street and the high street has developed luxury ranges that compete with designer brands. It was diffusion labels, like the now-defunct Marc by Marc Jacobs and DKNY, that occupied the space between. When they folded or fell away the middle ground became a vacuum. This has been punctured by a new school of labels that prize originality at an affordable price point.While a jot more affordable than luxury houses like Gucci and Dior, they don’t depend on them for their seasonal inspiration. In fact, many dictate the trends, the colours, the shapes. How do they do it? Through Instagram, the internet and a posse of micro-influencers.We’re talking about labels like Kitri, like Staud, like Poppy Lissiman. The brands that have fostered their celebrity fanbase last and put the consumer first. It’s an exciting time to be a shopper, especially with these 28 labels making it a colourful, personality-driven space:After reading Dante Alighieri's 'Divine Comedy' London-based Oxford graduate Rosh Mahtani launched this jewellery label in 2014 to pay homage to the text. Each piece, like Dante's subjects, is purposefully pummelled and unique. Grazia: 28 Brands To Know In 20182of28After reading Dante Alighieri's 'Divine Comedy' London-based Oxford graduate Rosh Mahtani launched this jewellery label in 2014 to pay homage to the text. Each piece, like Dante's subjects, is purposefully pummelled and unique. See clearly this summer in Chimi's colourful acetate sunglasses. Founded in Stockholm, this label champions eccentric shapes in sorbet shades. Though just one-year-old, Californian-founded label Ciao Lucia has managed to capture the alluring patina of vintage fashion. Inspired by the Amalfi Coast and the French Riviera, this is a tutorial postcard to sunny nostalgia. Likely you've come across By Far before. Where, you say? As a tag on Instagram. In just two years the Bulgarian footwear label has amassed a mighty following and a slew of fans, like the Haim sisters, Jeanne Damas and Camille Charriere.After Jade Lai saw how popular her multi-brand boutique Creatures of Comfort became she started her own label, which followed the philosophy for which she'd stocked her original shops: beautifully crafted, minimalist pieces that are modern and quirky. Ganni's rise and further rise to success has garnered a core group of stylish fans - Pandora Sykes and Laura Jackson among them. However, the Copenhagen-based label has never stopped dressing real women with real desires for gloriously fun fashion. This is the place to look for a dress with character and a skirt with flare. When a young brand like Jean Atelier counts Bella Hadid as a fan, you know it's onto something special. Though it's success shouldn't come as a surprise as Jerome Dahan and Noam Hanoach who founded this luxury denim label, that's inspired by classic sportswear were the brains behind Citizens of Humanity. It's rare to find a label as uniquely positioned as Magda Burtrym. Based out of Poland, it launched in 2014 to some fanfare thanks to the Warsaw designer's hand finishing and expert use of pleating, weaving, plaiting and draping. It's a very modern vision of femininity. As fashion labels go, Kitri is a maverick. The label, founded by Haeni Kim, launched online last year - shying away from the usual fashion week or bricks and mortar model. This Houdini trick has worked and Kim's label has risen from under-the-radar to gathering a 700-person waiting list for one single green dress. Ethical, sustainable, eco-conscious - all these fuzzy-edged phrases use to signify something fashion that was hempy, clumpy and a little scratchy. Newly launched Ninety Percent was founded with a simple philosophy: 90 per cent of the profits redistributed to charities and the people that make the collection. In terms of the clothes themselves, the look is slick, minimalist and unburdened by trendiness. With over 54K followers on Instagram and only a handful of stockists, it seems simply implausible that Syndey-based label Daisy counts Kim Kardashian, Selena Gomez and Petra Collins as fans. Yet, here we are. Their whimsical refashioning of lingerie and Victoriana accents is undeniably appealing. Arguably Poppy Lissiman is not a new label. Started in 2011, this vegan Austrailian label has hit its stride in 2018. The trend for teeny, kawaii sunglasses is shaping the accessory landscape for this summer and it's Lissiman's line that's reaped the benefits. Posse is responsible for dreamy vacation pieces that seem so effortless and yet insatiable. Though the collection is made by hand by craftswomen working from their Bali homes the aesthetic could easily be mistaken for vintage Chloe or Reformation. Though Seoul's Pushbutton label was founded by a K-Pop star (Park Seung) it has the 80s New York look on lock down. Think: bold, brassy patterns, colours freely used with abandon and playful accents like lightening bolt heels. Pronounced 'Mee-oaw' (like a cat), this fast-growing label by Alexia Elkaim counts Paloma Elsesser and Bella Hadid as fans. Though founded with the principal of creating flattering trousers for all female body shapes, it's now grown into a full ready-to-wear line. Stand back or you might get blown away by the success of Rejina Pyo. In just a handful of years, the Korean-born Central Saint Martins graduate has become one of the buzziest labels at London Fashion Week thanks to her intuitive use of colour and graphic, flattering silhouettes. If you've noticed that everyone is wearing wrap dresses, then you're not wrong. It's all down to Alexandra Spencer & Teale Talbot's label Realisation Par and their seasonless girlish, printed collection. It's OK if you haven't heard of Rokh for this label by Korean designer Rok Hwang has only just be added to Net-A-Porter's roster. Launched in 2016 it's quite obvious from the collection's trench coats and tailoring that this designer cut their teeth at Céline and Louis Vuitton.Stine Goya is one of a handful of Copenhagen labels, like Ganni and Saks Potts, that's captivating the world fashion stage. Her use of colour and painterly patterns show a remarkable individuality and yet her silhouettes speak to the every-woman.Sarah Staudinger and George Augusto started Staud several years ago in Los Angeles. In a relatively short amount of time, the label's clean minimalism and fuss-free aesthetic have created a handful of cult products, including a bucket bag and plastic-coated tote. Celebrity-turned-designer is a concept that feels a little cheesy, yet front row fodder Jeanne Damas' unequivocally stylish label Rouje is making us rethink. For Francophiles, it's the ultimate find as the label specialises in a chic Parisian aesthetic that goes beyond basic Breton on tops and ballet pumps. You're forgiven for not having heard of Silvia Tcherassi even though the Columbian-born, Miami-based designer has been in the industry for more than 25 years. The celebrated designer Latin American aesthetic - complete with ruffles and flare - has earned her the highest honour in France, a Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.Sandra Sandor, the designer behind Nanushka, was raised in Budapest and studied at the London College of Fashion. She brings her past and presents together with ease through design. Though she works with vegan fabrics, this doesn't define her label, but it does inform her holistic, contemporary aesthetic. For easy, informal clothes that champion soft colours and softer shapes, look to this label. Susan Alexandra's Instagram is a chronicle of her life and her designs - both of which are kooky. Her sense of humour and joy ebbs through her handmade collection of beaded handbags and jewellery, which counts Leandra Medine as a fan. Worme co-founder Melissa Collett worked as a photographer before launching the label with her sister Hannah. Understanding what makes a vacation wardrobe shine (i.e. not sweaty synthetic materials), Melissa with Hannah founded this label that encapsulates the freewheeling joy of a summer holiday. Specifically, this means cotton kimonos, palazzo pants and square neck tops that can be styled countless ways.In the sea of handbag labels, Wandler stands out and not just because of its accessible pricing. The Amsterdam-based label favour minimalism, structure and practicality. But, this beautiful simplicity doesn't come at the cost of practicality. Look out for their take on the belt bag as it's soon-to-be a cult classic. 'Non-seasonal' is how the New York-based label Oresund Iris describes itself. Slowly adding pieces to its collection when the whim takes it means that this brand is one to always keep half an eye on. If you do, you'll be following in footsteps of Patricia Manfield, Halsey, Gigi Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski. You'd be forgiven for thinking that LA-based label Une Heures was French, for it bases itself so clearly on Jane Birkin's '60s wardrobe (to the point that its model bears a remarkable similarity). Though the brand only has fourr designs - all ribbed tops in neutral colours - it's a savvy, slick opeation that zones in on a single item that can make-or-break an outfit. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re here to tell you a simple truth: shorts that won’t make you feel uncomfortable in the office exist. Before you mouth ‘impossible’, remember the Spring Summer 18 runways were ready for our current heatwave.We’re here to tell you a simple truth: shorts that won’t make you feel uncomfortable in the office exist. Before you mouth ‘impossible’, remember the Spring Summer 18 runways were ready for our current heatwave.No less than Saint Laurent, Chloé, Isabel Marant and Off-White gave their stamp of approval to the leg-baring trend. Though these brands confirmed our suspicions that the bum-grazing knicker style is currently enjoying a sabbatical, these labels were also keen to promote another longer silhouette. A few years ago we might have called this streetwise item a ‘city short’ or even at a pinch ‘bermuda’, but under the watchful eye of Paris Fashion Week’s designers this longer and leaner cut has redefined itself simply as ‘knee-length’. How do we know? Net-A-Porter and Farfetch have both renamed their categories to reflect this.Now that we’ve May-ed it (sorry not sorry) to Spring the temperatures are rising and not every office is fully equipped to deal with this. This newly updated silhouette is the answer to tackling this corporate beast of a situation. It leaves more to the imagination than most abbreviated trousers and yet still has that tanning at lunchtime potential. Adwoa Aboah and Suki Waterhouse are already fans. Plus, when Leandra Medine (Cohen) who runs the Man Repeller blog headed to Paris for the recent Chanel Cruise show she packed a pair. The question is, are you ready to get on board?Grazia: knee length bermuda shorts ss182of14© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Unlike talking about your skincare and makeup routines, or what beauty treatments you use to get rid of body hair, you probably don't find yourself chatting to your friends about underwear all that often.And as a result, there's probably a tonne of smart lingerie tips and tricks that you're missing out on. But don't fret: we quizzed several stylish women on their very best underwear secrets, so you can stay in the lingerie loop. Here's what they said...Deborah Field, Brand Director at Grazia, told us that she likes to plan out what underwear she's wearing for the whole week in advance. "I'm pretty organised so I always plan out my week's outfits in advance, which got me thinking, why am I not doing the same with my underwear? So I recently started pairing my outfits with underwear and it's literally changed my life."As well as saving me time in the mornings, I know that my underwear won't leave any tell-tale signs under my outfits because I’ve thought about which ones to wear with what clothing in advance!"Comfortable underwear doesn't have to be frumpy, so Lucy Morris, Fashion & Beauty Editor at Grazia online, says. "There's an assumption that comfortable underwear should only be worn when nobody else will see it - but I wear comfy lingerie every single day, and I certainly don't compromise on style, either. The two are no longer mutually exclusive."And that's all thanks to the S by sloggi bras and briefs, which are feminine and sexy, but still practical enough to offer me flexible support day-to-day. The two lines - Serenity and Silhouette - boast understated yet elegant designs (think chic back seams and spaghetti straps, geometrically embossed bra cup linings, and sexy lace inserts), as well as super sleek silhouettes. Get a peek of the ranges below...S by Sloggi - Commercial Grazia2of7Hum Fleming - a fashion PR and the great-niece of James Bond writer Ian - knows a thing or two about style. Her biggest underwear secret? "I always wear matching sets, even if I'm just hitting the gym. I feel much more confident and ready to take on the world when I know I've aced my base."TV presenter Laura Hamilton swears by matching her underwear to her outerwear: ‘I can’t leave the house without my underwear co-ordinating with my outfit. My motto is "stylish underwear, stylish outerwear."'And she's not the only TV star who abides by this rule - Kim Kardashian is an advocate for making full use of her underwear. She'll often have hints of her lacy lingerie, like the styles in the S by sloggi Silhouette range, showing through a sheer top or cami, which adds an element of sultriness to her outfits.Ready to buy some new underwear? Shop the must-have S by sloggi collection here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mantra for the week: don’t bore the boardroom with that same old suit. Whether you spend your 9-to-5 surrounded by creative types or buttoned-up with city blokes, adhering to any office dress code is hard work. Add in this season’s trends, which are as wacky as they are appealing (looking at you cowboy boots and plastic) and we’ve got a conundrum on our hands.The rules about what you can and can’t wear to work have changed - out has gone the mandatory heels but in its place has come an expectation that your wardrobe reflects your ambition. They say ‘dress for the job you want’, but in many cases that requires not just new clothes, but a new paycheck to afford it. Keeping your Monday-to-Friday styling on point but in line with your budget arguably requires as much time, management and dedication as the role itself. If you’re ready for a refresh in line with the latest trends, get inspired by this arsenal of Instagram’s most stylish women, and then arm yourself with a shopping guide of get the look STAT:Grazia: What To Wear To Work 2of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...More and more, Instagram is influencing how we dress, with the stylish ladies that we follow inspiring our shopping habits as we scroll. So, when you see more than one person on your feed who you deem chic wearing the same top, it warrants a closer investigation. Such is the case of this yellow-and-white striped, knotted-front, cropped blouse from Mango.Worn by influencers including louche Frenchie Camille Charriere of Camille Over The Rainbow, perennially sun-kissed Lucy Williams of Fashion Me Now, and Irish blogger Tar Mar, this tie-front blouse has appeared again and again on our Insta stalks of late, with its diagonal stripes and button down front. Whether styled for the Bahamas beaches, a la Lucy, with complementary tangerine shorts, or with ankle-grazing mom jeans and a quintessential basket bag like Camille, there’s no denying this is a versatile item, perfect for a summer in the city or by the sea.Mango, of course, has seriously upped its game of late – rivalling fellow Spanish brand Zara in the trend stakes on the high street. The chain has been quick to capitalise on this success, by recruiting a team of #MangoGirls to wear its… wares, and show off just how right they’re getting it.We’ve currently totted up four serious influencers wearing the blouse, so watch this space to see if it becomes the new must-have top of the summer. After all, it’s happened before – just look at the French-girl loved MaisonCleo blouson last year, which featured a tie-front and dramatic puff-sleeves, and was owned by seemingly everyone online between July and August 2017.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Chanel certainly doesn’t hold back when it comes to sheer catwalk spectacle. This is, after all, the brand that season transforms Paris’s Grand Palais into magical new worlds season after season, whether that means an ice-cold snowscape sculpted from 265 tonnes of Scandinavian ice, a post-apocalyptic theatre or simply the most high-fashion supermarket of all time, and Karl Lagerfeld’s boundless creativity shows no sign of waning, if the set for the storied French fashion house’s 2018-19 Cruise show is anything to go by. What could be a more simple yet striking backdrop than a 148 metre-long Chanel cruise ship, the La Pausa, docked in the Grand Palais?Modelled by the likes of Gigi and Bella Hadid and Stella Maxwell, the new collection was relaxed, typically nautical and quintessentially French: think re-worked Breton stripes (be that in wide-leg trousers or a transparent, plasticised sundress), classic Chanel tweeds in white, navy and a handful of millennial-baiting pale pinks, and the embellished berets worn by each member of Lagerfeld's fleet of models.Chanel being Chanel, the front row line-up caught our attention, too (before they crossed the gangway and headed into the La Pausa for the after-show party, that is). Having been announced as the brand's latest ambassador just before the Academy Awards in March (and wearing a bespoke Chanel gown to the ceremony that was 600 hours in the making...) Margot Robbie made her front row debut for the label, wearing an embellished mini dress with a bow tied at the neck. She was joined by a handful of familiar Chanel faces, including recent campaign stars Kristen Stewart, who brought the tuxedo-jacket-as-dress trend to the Grand Palais (in black Chanel tweed, naturally) and Lily-Rose Depp, wearing a bejewelled tube dress.See who sat front row for Chanel's latest Cruise extravaganza in the gallery below...Credit: ShutterstockChanel Cruise 2018 front row - Grazia2of13© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since 1854 Louis Vuitton bags have been the definition of luxury. First established as a luggage business in Paris by the namesake designer when he was a mere 16 years old, it was Napoleon Bonaparte’s wife Empress Eugénie de Montijo that became his designer’s first celebrity client. Ever since Louis Vuitton’s bags have collected famous fans like Hollywood’s Walk of Fame has collected stars – think Selena Gomez, Rihanna, Sarah Jessica Parker and Naomi Campbell and many, many more.Dior may have its ‘New Look’ and Chanel its cardigan, but Louis Vuitton is not without its calling card either. It’s impossible to think of the letters ‘L’ and ‘V’ without summoning up the interlocking logo of the French fashion house that’s recently appointed Kanye-collaborated Virgil Abloh as menswear artistic director. First created in 1896 by the Vuitton’s son, Georges, it’s now one of the most recognizable logos in the world. This in part is to do with the Louis Vuitton’s archive designs being reimagined in the iconic LV logo, as well as the proliferation of Louis Vuitton fakes that have flooded the black market.Though the price of a Louis Vuitton replica may be just pennies, an authentic design comes not just with design credibility but artisanal craftsmanship. The company employs over 4000 specialists to help with the hand assembly of their designs. Before you decide which of their illustrious designs to buy, here’s our guideCredit: Louis VuittonThe Louis Vuitton Alba was created by Gaston Vuitton, who named the structured tote after the Alma Bridge, which connects two fashionable Paris neighborhoods together. Chic, right?Credit: Louis VuittonThe history behind this bag is undeniably cool. Vack in 1932, Gaston-Louis Vuitton was asked by a Champagne producer to make a sturdy (but stylish) bag to transport five bottles at a time. He made the Louis Vuitton Noé Bag.Credit: Louis VuittonThe Capucines bag takes its name from the rue des Capucines in Paris, where Louis Vuitton opened his first store in 1854.Credit: Louis VuittonFeaturing dainty straps and a bold red interior, this structured, checkered LV bag is a cult classic. This capacious tote has became ubiquitous in the early 2000s but has found a fanbase once again with the resurgance of designer monograms. Credit: Louis VuittonIn the 1960s when the Louis Vuitton was just branching out into read-to-wear, the Speedy came along as an option for the modern woman on the go. Credit: Louis VuittonWhen Nicolas Ghesquière took the reigns at the fashion house he set his sights on revitalizing Louis Vuitton's Petit Malle, which was inspired by the trunks created in the 1800s.Credit: Louis VuittonIt was Marc Jacobs who reintroduced Louis Vuitton's damier print to the modern audience. Not only did he oversee collaborations with Stephen Sprouse, Richard Prince and Takashi Murakami, but in 1998 he brought this checkered pattern out of retirement. Under Nicolas Ghesquière the backpack became a staple of the California set. It's soft, supple leather and utilitarian straps are a stylish counterbalance the the monogram.Credit: Louis VuittonAs a vision of the future the Twsit bag is a versatile day-to-cocktail accessory with adjustable straps. It's a statement of the forward-looking vision of this hertiage fashion house. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Right now, there are hundreds of bags on Mango, and yet there is one single piece that the most stylish Instagram users are wearing. Let me tell you about it: Ringing in at £39.99, it’s arguably very affordable (especially when you consider a Gucci or Dior design will set you back several paychecks). It’s made from transparent beads and looks like something girls under ten would adore. Calling spring in the best way @mango #mangogirls #mangoA post shared by  Débora Rosa (@deborabrosa) on Apr 5, 2018 at 11:09am PDTLately, there has been a huge interest in translucent accessories – like Yeezy’s lucite and PVC heels and Céline’s clear plastic shopper – as well as a burgeoning micro-trend for beaded bags. Those handmade handbags by Susan Alexandra and those covetable Shrimps and Ganni beaded bags suggest Mango might be onto something with this jewel-like number. Sunday stroll 🚶‍♂️ by @thestyleograph #ootdA post shared by  Sonia Lyson (@sonialyson) on Apr 15, 2018 at 11:57am PDTSure, it isn’t the most suitable receptacle to keep your belongings dry in the rain of for transporting precious items like your phone and purse, but this dose of realism has done nothing to dissuade the Instagram community. While Mango has a knack for galvanizing this social media audience through its #MangoGirls hashtag, many of our favourite bloggers who aren’t part of this promotion program have given their own authentic seal of approval to this accessory. Thanks wind for the Barbarella vibes 👱🏻‍♀️💅🏻A post shared by  Stephanie Broek (@stephaniebroek) on Mar 26, 2018 at 11:07pm PDTHow do they wear it? With jeans, with dresses, with heels, with sneakers – this handbag makes a surprisingly versatile outfit addition. Unencumbered by colour or decoration, it just slips on with nearly any ensemble without much fuss. Adds to basket immediately.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘If you leave without emotion, I’m not doing my job properly. I want you to feel repulsed or exhilarated, as long as it’s an emotion.’ So says the late, great Alexander McQueen in the trailer for McQueen, a stunning, insightful new documentary exploring the ground-breaking fashion designer’s life and work that’s also a testament to just how well McQueen achieved that goal of inciting raw emotion through his clothes and catwalk shows. Stitching together a combination of home video, behind-the-scenes footage and interviews with McQueen’s closest friends, family and collaborators, with richly realised original graphics that re-imagine the designer’s creative obsessions in new ways, the documentary charts Lee ‘Alexander’ McQueen’s remarkable rise through the fashion industry. Starting with his first graduate collection (titled Jack the Ripper Stalks His Victims, it took typically sinister inspiration from the infamous Whitechapel murderer) it follows the designer through his early successes, his tenure at Givenchy and the creative apex of his label, while exploring his background and, inevitably, some of the darker undercurrents in the designer’s personal life. As you’ll see in the trailer, footage from McQueen’s jaw-dropping catwalk shows make dazzling and often disturbing set pieces, from grainy video of ‘It’s a Jungle Out There,’ an early show inadvertently curtailed by an explosive finale, to the eerie hologram of Kate Moss which formed part of 2006’s Widows of Culloden show (which fans might remember from the V&A’s blockbusting Savage Beauty exhibition, where it was recreated using the same Victorian illusion trick). It all stands as haunting proof of McQueen’s talent.After premiering at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York last month, the film (which is directed by Ian Bonhote and Peter Ettedgui) will arrive in cinemas on June 8th.Watch the full trailer for McQueen belowCredit: RexMany style analyses have been applied to '80s teen movie Heathers, and for good reason.Who better than Heather, Heather, Heather and Veronica to show us the value of wearing matchy-matchy pleated skirts cut just above the knee, blazers with oversized shoulder pads, and teaming block-coloured leggings with socks and ballet flats for a mid-day game of crochet?most fashionable films slider2of12Many style analyses have been applied to '80s teen movie Heathers, and for good reason.Who better than Heather, Heather, Heather and Veronica to show us the value of wearing matchy-matchy pleated skirts cut just above the knee, blazers with oversized shoulder pads, and teaming block-coloured leggings with socks and ballet flats for a mid-day game of crochet?When you're making a movie like Carol, where the clothes help tell us who the characters are, you need a costume designer who can double as a storyteller. Enter three-time Academy Award winner Sandy Powell OBE.Carol, set in 1952, was a critical period to dress for. And while we can all fantasize over luxurious red coats, muted coral palettes, big, jewel-encrusted brooches and silky scarves - Rooney Mara's character Therese lends herself to a more ordinary, slightly dowdy day-to-day style, highlighted by plain hairbands, plaid and simple long-sleeved shirts.There have been five motion picture incarnations of F Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby but one thing has remained the same throughout - the dazzling 1920s fashion.Looks seen in the 1974 Great Gatsby, starring Robert Redford and Mia Farrow, have gone on to be huge modern day womenswear trends. Think: silky underwear-as-outerwear, flapper dresses, low-heeled pumps and over-the-top headwear.The film's costume designer, Theoni V. Aldredge, won an Academy Award for her take on the rich, exuberant flapper style. However, it's been reported that the menswear in the film (think: sharp tuxes, pocket squares, jumpers resting over the shoulders and perfectly tailored shirts) was actually put together by their designer, Ralph Lauren, something many have furiously denied.When highly regarded fashion designer Tom Ford spent an alleged $7 million of his own money to get his directorial debut, A Single Man, made, it wouldn't be a shock if a few eyes rolled.But the film's expert costume design, moving story and the Academy Award-nominated performance by Colin Firth all came together to make the film brilliant - and the critics agreed.The combination of a muted, neutrals-focused colour palette, classic, everyday '60s style as inspiration and Tom Ford's penchant for a perfectly tailored suit (complete with pocket square and gold-plated tie clip) and the film naturally becomes one of our picks for most stylish.Let us also remember the old school styling in flashbacks of Colin Firth's characters, and never forget the fluffy, almost pink knit jumper worn by Nicholas Hoult.Sofia Coppola's third full-length film, featured hyper-stylised, intricate, pastel-coloured period costumes, which complemented the luscious, light pink and teal colour themes and cinematography. The film's aesthetic (and it's clothes) even landed an in-character Kirsten Dunst the cover of Vogue.Coppola's re-imagining of the former Queen of France has gone on to inspire numerous modern day beauty trends and even collections by brands like Wildfox.The Woody Allen-directed feature is largely regarded as a classic, mostly because Diane Keaton gives an incredible performance and cements her status as a cinematic style icon as the film's titular character. It's been reported that much of what makes Annie Hall's menswear-turned-womenswear look is the fact that many of the outfits she wore actually belonged to Diane herself.We would definitely upvote the TV show if that's what this was about – but since we can't include the classic series in a list about films, we'll have to settle for the first Sex & The City big screen outing. Carrie continues to make oversized floral details happen, while Miranda embraces glamour. Charlotte shows that mum style doesn't have to be frumpy, and Samantha is, well, still Samantha. Think more labels, higher heels and huge style statements.Of course a movie which delves into the hard-working world of fashion journalism is going to bring its A-game when it comes to costume design. Two words: Miranda Priestly.Clueless has become a cult film for fashion in the same way as Heathers – except Cher and her fellow high school queens can afford some serious high-end names. Perhaps the films two most iconic looks are Cher's matching yellow plaid blazer and skirt combo, and her penchant for knee high socks. But it's also worth taking note of the sartorial transformation of Tai, played by the late Brittany Murphy, as she transforms for normcore new girl to teen queen mean girl.This documentary follows the process of Raf Simons and colleagues putting together a collection for Dior. The collections may now be years old, but the couture dresses we see in development and on the runway are utterly timeless – in shape, fabric and colour.Jean Luc Godard's Breathless is a classic piece of cinema for many reasons. But the film has since become iconic for its leading lady, Jean Seberg, and her character's timeless Parisian style. In a nutshell: striped Breton shirts, cigarette trousers, ballet flats, demure cardigans and knee-length dresses.Julia Roberts as prostitute Vivian falls for Richard Gere's character, and her client, Edward. The rags-to-riches story is one of the greatest classic romcoms of all time. It's not just notable for its plot, but also for the growth of Vivian's personal wardrobe.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What’s for dinner? The Missoni family have opened up their kitchen to share their favourite Italian meals with us. Son of the famous fashion house’ creative director Angela, Francesco Maccapani Missoni has collated their tried-and-tested home-style recipes into a new and stylish cookbook.Just like the label’s iconic knitwear, The Missoni Family Cookbook, which is published today, is vividly bright. The pages beat with the heart of the family unit, the cooking notes are dotted with anecdotes and dappled with intimate imagery. It zig-zags between easy, everyday recipes and special occasion delights. Seasonal delicacy and crisp summery salads, dramatic dinner party fare and exceptional but effortless entrees - taste the full gambit of this family's cuisine.Serves 6–84½ lb tellin clams1 gallon salted water, or seawater if available1 clove garlic, peeled1 Tbsp extra-virgin olive oil1 cup dry white wine1 generous handful finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley, for garnishSea salt and freshly ground white pepperNOTE: The Missoni's love to add a dash of freshly sliced ginger to their clams. Just add 1 teaspoon to the pan along with the garlic— or, if you like it hot, add the ginger raw to your plateThe Missoni Family Cookbook, published by Assouline.Two recipes from the Missoni family cookbook will feature exclusively on the menu at Daphne’s restaurant in Chelsea from May 2018.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The summer 2018 collection by Swimsuits For All is already set to be a success, not just because Ashley Graham is the face of the new line but also because it’s the most inclusive brand on the market. A line that caters to more than just the typical size 6-12 market, the campaign is also breaking boundaries in the way it promotes the collection.Talking to In Style, Ashley Graham revealed that the campaign images are all untouched paparazzi pictures. The idea came during their original photoshoot for the new line, as paparazzi started to follow the models and it created something of a lightbulb moment.‘When shooting this campaign in Miami, the paparazzi began following us and taking pictures,’ Graham said. Looking at their photos sparked an idea, “Why not use their photos as the campaign images?” These raw and unedited images would remind women that they are “flawless” in their own right and that they already have the perfect beach body!’While the campaign images were unlikely to be retouched anyway, using paparazzi pictures will definitely make a statement about what the brand stands for, completely unfiltered beauty. Paparazzi are known for taking pictures of celebrities on holiday that some would deem uncomplimentary, so turning that on its head and using the pictures to promote swimwear really is a stroke of genius when it comes to attacking society's beauty ideals as well as upholding authenticity.'Of course, it's daunting knowing the paparazzi may have captured an unflattering photo,’ Graham continued, ‘But I remind myself that being authentic is beautiful, and I have nothing to hide when it comes to my body because I know it's changing people's lives.’Her fresh attitude is something that not only makes a difference to the everyday woman who is constantly bombarded with swimwear images of the same body type and thereby told that is the ideal shape, but also to celebrities who so often hide from paparazzi on holiday to avoid those exact pictures.Hopefully, more swimwear brands will follow suit and start using models that represent all of us in the most authentic way possible. In the meantime, you can shop Graham’s new collection here, with sizes ranging from 4 to 22.Illustrating inspirational images and depicting women in comic form, this account will brighten up your timeline with some home truths in the form of pretty pictures.Inspirational Instagram Accounts You Should Follow2of25Illustrating inspirational images and depicting women in comic form, this account will brighten up your timeline with some home truths in the form of pretty pictures.This insanely beautiful model founded GURLS TALK, an online community where women from all backgrounds can share their personal experiences in a safe space.Alicia is an editor and activist who co-created #BlackLivesMatter. Her feed is a mixture of relatable memes, unfiltered selfies and educational posts to keep you woke.You might recognise this actor from The Hunger Games, when she played the character only character we cried endless tears for, Rue. Now, while still acting, she's a full-fledged activist posting about everything gender, feminism and black culture. Amani created the fast-growing activism account @MuslimGirl, another one you should definitely follow. She has spoken across the world about Muslim women and posts everything from badass selfies to stats you need to know.Amber created @CreatingConsentCulture which aims to educate people on rape culture and support rape and sexual assault survivors. She's also outspoken about racism and sex work, her feed will be endless many dinner party talking points.You may only know Amber Rose as Kanye's bald ex, think again. Amber is a sex positivity icon, with her own pocast 'Loveline with Amber Rose' that aims to promote healthy sexual relationships and self-love. If you can get past the fact she advertises flat tummy tea (fgs Amber), you'll love her feminism-filled feed.Author of 'Black Girls Rock', Beverly's posts will have you both inspired and enraged, filled with commentary on everyday injustices. You may recognise Bree as the activist who took down the confederate flag from a flagpole outside the South Carolina Capitol building. She's continuing her activism with inspiring art you need to see. An american model who called out the fashion industry for sexual harassment and assault, she started the #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse hashtag. Her instagram is full of inspiring stories and educational videos exposing different injustices within her industry and beyond.Known for her hilarious role as Jane in Jane The Virgin, Gina is an actor you NEED to follow. Regularly highlighting other people of colour in her industry and recommending their work, she's one woman in Hollywood whose talking the talk AND walking the walk.If your not already following Iskra, your living under an Instagram rock. The body positive model started her own business, everyBODY with Iskra, to give health and fitness advice beyond just getting super skinny. You need her body posi vibes in your life. Another super body positive account to follow, Jessamyn is a yoga teacher regularly posting about the emotional and physical benefits of body positivity and practicing yoga. Shun your timeline of filtered selfies and over exposed holiday destinations. It's time for some feminist, mental health aware art! This account is amazing for cute cartoons that say everything we're already feeling.You'll probably remember Judy as Carla from Scrubs, or one of the other thousand TV show she's been in throughout her insanely successful career. Unlike most Hollywood actors, her Insta is full of activism and news you need to know. Activist and actor, Logan Browning is the lead of Netflix hit Dear White People. Posting powerful content and links to charities you can donate to so you can turn your online activism into action- she's a force to be reckoned with. MAKERS is a storytelling platform for women, posting quotes to keep you inspired throughout the day. Stay up to date with gender injustice, while also feeling hopeful with the powerful words these amazing women have to say. Another artist you need to follow, Nimisha creates amazing prints (which you can buy) critiquing societal perceptions of South Asian women. She's based in Canada, but these prints can brighten up your timeline anywhere. Muslim Girl, where 'muslim women talk back' is an account ran by Amani. Advocating for issues facing muslim women, both accounts are an inspiration and necessity on your feed. There's no time like the present to be educating people on consent. This account does exactly that, and gives you the perfect explanations, comebacks and reminders to throw out at a dinner party if the issue comes up.Gone are the days of Disney stars going off the rails, this actor and activist is a beacon of positivity- especially online. Fighting gender and race injustice and beyond, she's one to watch.Rupi made headlines in 2015 when she posted pictures of her on Instagram with visible menstrual blood. Her posts were blocked by Instagram, causing backlash against the social media platform. She continues to break boundaries with her writing and poetry. This UK based embroidery artist is an up-and-coming star, embroidering feminist slogans onto everything from bras to roses. Bring her insta to life with her slogan t-shirts, or just stare at the pretty pictures, either way she's someone you should follow. Our favourite of all the accounts, the vulva gallery promotes self-love in an area SO often ignored. With two-thirds of women avoiding smear tests, life-saving procedures, because of the look of their vagina, it's time we stopped all of the self-loathing around genitals. Providing a regular reminder that all vaginas are beautiful, if you only follow one account of this list, it should be this one.Lauren Singer lives an entirely waste-free life. Yes, you can actually do that. As #plasticfree takes over our news feed, it's time you had some daily advice on how exactly to reduce your waste. Save the planet!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is beauty in simplicity and doesn’t House of Fraser’s handbag section know it. The eye-catching trends (think: fringing, cowboy boots and sequins) that have recently stormed the runway are the definition of maximalist. Sure, magpies among us gravitate towards the bright and glittery, but when these emotional purchases are taken out of their shopping bags and prized from their tissue wrap they rarely work in real life. Microscopic mini bags just aren’t going to cut it on the commute to the office.Step in House of Fraser. The British department store has some 3,494 bags for sale online right now and many of those that can be delivered right to your door are stylishly simple. Capacious, clean-lined and clearly designed with a modern woman and her busy, busy life in mind. There are appealing structured totes, like that of Instagram-famous Cali label Staud, and slouchy shoulder bags by Mulberry. Less known labels, like Therapy and Linea, are matched by offerings from Michael Kors, Ted Baker and Aspinal of London.Will you fall for top handle bags, like Simone Rocha put on the catwalk? Or will you plump for a bucket bag? Meghan Markle has shown her penchant for circle bags, which is more than enough seal of approval for this silhouette to have long-standing appeal. Here are 13 handbags that we’re adding to our House of Fraser wishlist:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...H&M - the Swedish powerhouse high street store - has launched in the UK a new modest collection in response to its global customer's desire to show less skin.  This new H&M fashion range, which will be available in the form of dresses, tunics and trousers is for the shopper at home with covering up. This follows in the footsteps of brands like Nike, Uniqlo and American Eagle, who have all catered to this audience with specialist collections in the past. ‘Today H&M is present in 69 markets, and we want to be diverse and inclusive to all the markets where we operate,’ Pernilla Wohlfahrt, head of design at H&M told Glamour.com. ‘We want to be able to offer something for everyone. We have had modest options in the range in the past and decided for spring to bring together these items under one cohesive collection, for customers interested in modest fashion to easily find and shop these items.’Dubbed the LTD Collection, it will drop online tomorrow on 3 May in the US, with the second drop expected on 24 May, with prices starting from £59.99. It will feature long-sleeved tunics to be worn over trousers, as well as floaty kaftans and dresses. Many pieces are floral, with embroidery details and added sparkle.H&M has previous experience in this field. In 2015, they launched a campaign starring hijab-wearing model Mariah Idrissi, which attracted a mixed response online. Some commenters claimed Idrissi’s modelling was at odds to her Muslim religion, something she strongly refuted: ‘As long as I'm dressed correctly, according to Islam, then there's no problem. It's just promoting the hijab, in a way. If anything, it's good.’While the collection is aimed at the emerging modest market, particularly those with ethno-religious reasons for wanting to cover more skin, it is by no means exclusive to these shoppers. Indeed, there are plenty of other women likely to choose the collection for its chic silhouettes and tailoring.We have reached out to H&M to find out when the collection is launching in the UK.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...On Saturday, April 28th, at the age of 97 handbag designer Judith Leiber died. Though famous for her quirky crystal encrusted clutches that have swung from the wrists of Hilary Clinton, Blake Lively and Jennifer Lopez, she was perhaps best known for her role in Sex and the City.It was a swan-shaped wristlet designed by Lieber that Big gave Carrie in lieu of saying ‘I love you’. Though a horrified Bradshaw was prompted by the gift to tell Big her feelings she described the bag as ‘just wrong, it was wrong’, that small screen moment solidified Lieber’s life’s work in pop culture history.Watch the famous scene below:The designer’s life story is a far cry from that of the SATC protagonist. As a young woman, Holocaust-Survivor Lieber hid from persecution by the Nazis with other Jews in a small apartment in Budapest.Her first introduction to the couture world came after the war when she made handbags for secretaries of the American Legation. Over a decade after she moved to the United States, Lieber opened her company in 1963.She became known for making cocktail bags covered in rhinestones. Though she later left the company she didn’t stop creating. Just last year Lieber collaborated with Alexander Wang on a clutch embedded with crystals shaped like a bundle of rolled up dollar bills.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Comfortable underwear often gets a bad rap. There's this long-standing stereotype that it's frumpy and unsexy - and while yes, some snug underwear can look unflattering, not all comfortable lingerie has to be.Soft and supple bras and briefs have much more to offer than just comfort - they can provide an undeniable sex appeal and help you ace the base of any outfit you flaunt. So, here's our ode to comfortable underwear...Underwear sits against your skin all day long, so it makes sense to wear some that's actually kind to your body. Bras that don't pinch your back and briefs that don't itch or rise up can really improve your day-to-day life (trust us: we know). Plus, we're always being told to be kind to ourselves and to our minds, so why shouldn't we be kind to our bodies, too?For ages, women have been inadvertently led to believe that in order to look and feel their utmost best, they need to be donning a push up, lacy number. But in reality, that just isn't the case - to look and feel your best, all you need to do is feel confident and comfortable in your own skin. And that's not hard to achieve, what with the help of the new S by sloggi lingerie collection.Featuring sleek silhouettes and super-soft materials, this innovative underwear collection marries comfort and sultriness to take lingerie into a whole new ball game. As well as offering flexible support, these bras and briefs meet the demand for the new kind of sexy.S by sloggi consists of two lines for women – Serenity and Silhouette. The former boasts understated yet elegant designs, with back seams and geometrically embossed bra cup linings, whilst the latter features delicate spaghetti straps and lace inserts. No doubt, everything in the collection will leave you feeling confident and sexy, yet oh-so-comfortable. Don't believe us? Check out the range below...S by Sloggi - Commercial Grazia2of7When you're wearing snug, well-fitting underwear, it's often easy to forget that you're even wearing underwear at all. And that's how it should be all of the time, because who wants to be reminded that they have layers of clothing on?Those tight, strappy bras and thongs that leaves tell-tale lines on your skin are definitely big no-nos in our books. But invisible body wear that's seductive and comfortable, and that also doesn't show under even the most tight-fitted clothing? Sign us right up.Made of an ultra-fine material, the form-fitting S by sloggi Silhouette range is practically invisible under clothing, making it the perfect base for any outfit. And when you strip down to your underwear? Well, the light lace bras are provocative enough to leave a lasting impact.Are you a comfortable underwear convert? Shop the must-have S by sloggi collection here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From big high-street hits to slick designer investments, this month's round-up has it all...A black cross-body bag is a take-anywhere wardrobe staple. Update yours with this steal from one of our style ed's favourite online brands.Lust list - Grazia March2of36A black cross-body bag is a take-anywhere wardrobe staple. Update yours with this steal from one of our style ed's favourite online brands.Yes, track pants are still, well, on track. And who doesn't love a trouser that's comfy and chic? Wear to the office with a crisp white shirt and heels.Elegant, grown up and on trend (pearls are hot right now), these earrings are the perfect spring accessory update.We want it on anything American-inspired - a huge trend for spring - and this Calvin Klein block colour shirt is the one the fash pack wants.We're transported to sun-drenched beaches when we gaze upon these dreamy flatforms. Time to book those flights!Fact: leopard print never dates. Try it on this season's must-have mules - and wear them with everything.New and exclusive to Browns Fashion: bag brand Tara Zadeh. We're making eyes at this circle wristlet bag - in place of an evening clutch.This brilliant summer shopper has a high-street price tag, but do carry a brolly - this beauty can't get wet. Eek!Meet your access-all-areas trousers. Dress down with cool kicks or up with statement heels and these will work hard for you.Isn't this 18kt Yellow Gold bracelet the stuff that dreams are made of? Perfect for the minimalist lover, we think.This gathered square-neckline top will look just the job with tailored black trousers and slip-on sneaks.Wear this cross-over top now with a wide-leg chino for a 2018 spin on spring workwear.The perfect gift for you or a loved one, we adore this Links of London ring. Try mixing your metals and stones.Mix up your workwear wardrobe with this fresh take on suiting, or break it up and try the trousers with a charcoal knit and loafers.Come Spring, you won't take these off. Wear with everything from your jeans to cocktail dresses.How to do smart-casual now: tuck a slim-fit top into these paper-bag waist trousers and add barely there heels.If the bold block brights trend is a little too much for you, try muted block shades like this bottle-green full skirt.These sculptural heels from Mango are real show-stoppers.Yep, it's the trend that's going from strength to strength. If full cowgirl vibes aren't for you, try these Western stoping boots for size.This ditsy floral long-sleeve mididress from fashion favourite Kitri is modesty dressing at its finest.Beach please! This throw-it-all-in straw bag is just the right amount of practical and jolly.Dream trainers for spring. Team with everything from a summer dress to off-duty denim.OK, this dress is a buy-now-keep-until-summer style. Tan sandals and a straw basket bag will make for a lust-worthy sunny-day look.This jumpsuit is smart enough to be a wedding dress alternative - think chic city ceremony. Or it's the perfect switch-up for occasion dressing.Add this stylish bag to your SS18 wardrobe and we bet you'll have heads turning wherever you go.Do you dare to try this season's biggest sunnies trend - the micro? Start with this cat's eye style.Red satin with gorgeous heel detail... we're following the yellow brick road to buy them now.Comfy and sparkly! Try flatbed sandals with everything and put a spring in your step.Buy this now and wear it forever (think cost per wear) and this hot red looks fab on all skin tones.Chic woven pumps at this price? Yes! Topstitching, super turn-ups, chic button detail: these high-waisted jeans are the stuff of denim dreams.We're crushing on this neutral vinyl trench. The perfect answer to April showers.Not to be missed, these graphic co-ords are perfect for city weddings, teamed with heels. Or wear with loafers to up your workwear game.This luxe trench is the answer to your 'What is the weather doing?' woes. And it's tres chic.Always in, aviator sunnies are a fail-safe buy. Try an update on the classic with these heavy frames - and bring on the sunshine.Preen's latest collaboration with Debenhams is a capsule collection of stunning occasion dresses. That's wedding season sorted.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re the type of person besieged by that Sunday night fear then you’ll know that picking out what to wear on Monday is one of the fastest ways of expelling this bad energy. What if we were to tell you, we know what you should wear not just at the start of the week, but every single day?Here are five women who strike the right sartorial note for leaning in at the office. Smart and sophisticated, yet simple and easy to pull off, these inspiring ensembles don’t require an Haute Couture budget to put together. In fact, many of these items might already be lurking in a drawer somewhere. This is the argument for how and why you should be putting these pieces together.Note that a white suit suggests you’re organized (and not a klutz), while a floral dress under a blazer signifies that you’re in charge of the trends, not run by them. Spend a moment scrolling and come out the other end with a new perspective on your office dress code.Grazia 5 workwear oufits gallery1of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are only a handful of items that live above the trend cycle, and sunglasses are one of them. Similar to classic handbags, they fall in and out of fashion at a far slower rate than say colour or print that seemingly change with the wind or whim of designers.After years of large, face-shielding Jackie O specs holding pride of place in our holiday wardrobe, teeny tiny angular sunnies have staged a successful coup. It’s an optical revolution. A bona fide fashion mutiny. We need to say 'thank you' to the Hadid’s and Kendall Jenner for staging such a compelling case for the resurgence of Matrix-lite specs. And, Adam Selman's successful collaboration with Le Specs for the popularity of piercing cat-eye shapes. While they do little to blind the sun, they typify the direction of trends to come (meaning: this won’t be the only early 2000s revival item coming our way, look out Uggs will be coming for your feet next).Bejewelled glasses, like that on offer at Gucci and Dolce & Gabbana, are peacocking into focus for spring-summer 2018. Over the top? Very. Sparkly and ready for a Kira-Kira close-up? Certainly. These bedazzled incarnations aren’t for the shy and retiring. As the saying goes more is more and in this case it’s never been truer. Similarly, many brands have reinterpreted classic '80s shapes, like aviators or the square thick-rimmed frames of Cazals. While a tad more subtle than the blinged out options, they still loudly and proudly protray the mood of the season.Whatever your sartorial personality, with the daylight hours stretching on now is the perfect time to embrace the power of these sun-shielding specs.Grazia Sunglasses Shopping Edit 2of23© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though H&M’s collaborations with Erdem, Isabel Marant and Balmain may have caused quite a stir (and even a few in-store riots) it’s Debenhams that’s the dark horse of the British highstreet. Slyly the department store has been expanding its limited edition designer offering to include some of the buzziest names of London Fashion Week. The offering, called Designers at Debenhams have already signed Mario Schwab, Henry Holland, Jonathan Saunders, Matthew Williamson and Queen Elizabeth II Award-winner Richard Quinn to create collections, which the latter slated for summer 2019.This month husband-and-wife duo Justin Thornton and Thea Bregazzi’s label Preen joined the ranks with a 12-piece range. Starting at £90 and pricing out at £200 it’s a taster of the label that’s beloved by the Duchess of Cambridge and Michelle Obama. Like a sniper of spring/summer 18’s big trends, the capsule collection includes wrap dresses, psychedelic florals, trenchcoats and reworking of their archive prints. According to Women’s Wear Daily, Debenham’s MD of fashion and home, Steven Cook, reports the collaboration is selling ‘174 per cent ahead of its first-week plan.’ This won’t come as a surprise when you see the collectionGrazia: Preen x Debenhams2of4© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I don’t know about you, but accessories are my catnip. Sure I wouldn’t say no to a designer dress, but I find myself gravitating towards handbags. Totes, shoulder bags, wristlets - I'm not fussy. Where trends dictate colour and shape, bags seem to exist above the seasonal whims of designers. Certain silhouettes and styles never go out of fashion - just ask Chanel who have been doing a fine trade with their quilted 2.55 flap bags since 1929 and Hermes who have long waiting lists for their Birkin and Kelly bags.Tolkien may have had one ring to rule them all, but when it comes to handbags it’s the more the better, I’m afraid. So much so that Harrods has a roll call of bags for every aspect of life - from the evening clutch to the microscopic mini day bag to the capacious work-to-weekend tote and beyond. It may surprise but Harrods’ online offering is instant gratification for shoppers at every price point. There are plentiful options for Michael Kors fans, Louis Vuitton fanatics, Burberry, Ted Baker, Chloe and Christian Dior shoppers. Really there’s no need to visit the iconic department store’s Knightsbridge location as these designer bags can wend their way to you in the mail.Of the 2403 handbag options Harrods is serving at the touch of a button and scroll of a finger, here are the 13 most gorgeous styles© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Florals for spring? Groundbreaking - let’s face it there’s nothing new about florals, but at Valentino, Gucci and Andrew GN amped up buds had a psychedelic twist that has left us buzzing.Think: unabashed Palm Beach glamour told through technicolour daisies, swirling posies and Hawaiian blooms that look like they’ve taken a long acid-drenched trip. It’s a little delirious and a lot groovy. The colour palette is, as you can imagine, quite wild. Pinks meet oranges, lime gets giddy next to turquoise and white is spiked with the zing of lemon. Likewise, the pattern rulebook is throw out and retro blooms are cropped and clashed to create new heady conceptions. Look to Rixo for a sophisticated representation of this new breed of springtime florals, or H&M where a collaboration with design studio Anna Glover has created a fruitful array of delectable prints.Mad, manic and no-holds-barred, these splashy prints aren’t for the faint hearted. You can keep your dainty ditsies and WI-friendly bouquets, we’re hooked on this sun-drenched vision for spring.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Duchess of Cambridge, Natalie Massenet, Claire Foy and Alexa Chung are just a few well-dressed women that subscribe to Erdem’s exquisite vision. While prices usually soar into the thousands we have a little secret to tell you: Erdem are planning a sample sale in May offering past season and one-off pieces at a discount of 60%-85%.Grazia: Erdem Sample Sale2of21Since launching in 2005, the label has become known for romantic - dare we say chintzy - gowns that dazzle in intricacy. Though based out of an East London studio, his work has become popular with the royal family. The Duchess owns multiple ensembles by the designer and it was one of his cocktail dresses that Princess Eugenie wore to announce her engagement. No wonder he’s hotly tipped to dress Meghan Markle at her upcoming nuptials.We predict a small riot on Tuesday 8th May between 8.30am and 8.30pm and again on Wednesday 9th May between 8.30am and 6pm at The Music Room in Mayfair where this event will be hosted. We’ve been folded that archive and classic styles in sizes ranging from 6 to 16 will be available.Since collaborating with H&M on a successful limited edition collection last year, it seems Erdem Moalioglu is keen to make his brand more accessible.The Where And When:The Music Room, 26 South Molton Lane, London, W1K 5LFTuesday 8th May, 8.30am - 8.30pmWednesday 9th May, 8.30am - 6pm© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Regardless of whether you’re a high-flying CEO or a creative based in a co-working hub, in recent years the office dress code has relaxed. And, while we’re genuinely excited to be able to have more flexibility in what we wear while leaning in, for most the idea of wearing stonewashed 501’s to an important meeting is still not a going to send the right message. Despite that, there has been a significant shift in the denim arena this spring that does set the right sartorial note for this occasion.Right now, the jean world is polarized by the absurd - think light-wash ripped and patchwork trousers - and the urbane. Let’s talk about the latter, it’s slick, it’s sharp and it’s ready to win you a promotion.In this day and age of eclecticism (thank you Gucci), dark denim, like that favoured by Bella Hadid and debuted by Adam Selman, Fendi and Tom Ford, will give you edge this season. It’s versatile, which means it can pull a double shift and work 9-to-5 and beyond. But, it’s also incredibly accessible. Wear it with this season’s more eccentric trends (looking at you cowboy boots, fringing and 1980s revival) or team it with classic foundation pieces and you’ll be on track for a stylish spring.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Via Prada, Calvin Klein and Fendi, the pencil skirt has exited the boardroom this season. Taking a left turn out of the office, this corporate stooge has found a little wiggle room to become spring/summer 2018’s power player.Courtesy of Victoria Beckham and Gucci this narrow (read: fitted, not tight), silhouette has been remodelled to find a fresh new appeal. It’s been a two-pronged process, first its fabrication was revamped. Out went the stuffy business-like cotton and stiff polyesters, in came graphic prints, organza panelling and a romantic palette. Secondly, it's become a slacker. Literally. Slouchy and softly tailored, its upright credibility has been seduced by a relaxed softness, which makes it the perfect counterpart to this spring’s comeback shoe, the kitten heel.This modern revision of a pillar of the 80s wardrobe is just one way that the decade has been reconsidered for 2018. Along with shoulder pads, electric neons and animal print, the revival look has been modernized with these slight tweaks. Now the boldest way to wear a pencil skirt is on the weekend. Ignore its ladylike femininity and add sass to it’s every step with a pop sock and a low-heel.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s not Chanel, nor is it Off-White. It’s not Dior or Valentino. It’s Balenciaga that has been named by Lyst as the World’s Hottest Brand. After knocking Gucci off the top spot last year the fashion house has maintained top position for the second time. While rumours swill that creative director Demna Gvasalia’s other brand Vetements may be feeling the pinch, these new findings show that both brands helmed by Gvasalia are soaring. After taking the reins at Balenciaga, the designer has kickstarted several significant trends, like ‘dad’ trainers, oversized tailoring and logomania. But, the recent study found that Vestments is also on the rise, moving two positions to take the third spot on the list is hottest brands in fashion. The data, which compares Q1 2017 to Q1 2018, charts the rises and falls of searches on Lyst’s aggregating shopping site of different fashion labels. Despite notable surges, Prada, Stone Island and Gucci remain in the shadow of Balenciaga. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We know we’ve been living in a black, grey and navy haze since winter started last November, but as spring is now in our sights it’s time to hit refresh on our wardrobe. With new temperatures come new sartorial demands: think lighter and brighter rather than cosy and cocooning. ‘I was inspired to create the ultimate spring wardrobe,’ explains Rejina Pyo of her new collaboration with Net-A-Porter.The London-based womenswear designer behind the eponymous label has created a 12-piece trousseau ideal for this transitional season. Central Saint Martins graduate Pyo draws on her time working at Roksanda Ilincic to create a vividly coloured collection that draws on the shapes and styles that her independent label has become known for.Grazia: Rejina Pyo x Net-A-Porter1of11Pyo's star has risen swiftly since launching her atelier nearly five years ago. Through an unorthodox vision, she's crafted a look that's above everything flattering, which has resonated with the industry's elite tastemakers, like Pandora Sykes, Katherine Ormerod, Kate Foley and many more.‘This exclusive collection designed for NET-A-PORTER is a playful selection of our signature styles like the Greta Dress and the Emily Jeans re-imagined in a fresh palette of pinks, pale blue, gold and lightweight linen printed stripe. I wanted this collection to feel relaxed with a subtle femininity and fun’, the designer adds.The range, which is priced between £335 and £775 includes updates on best-selling items, like the Greta dress, Nicole jacket and Dylan trousers as well as a section of shoes and shirts. Find the full range available now at www.net-a-porter.com.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There's a sustainable fashion brand that’s been flying under the radar that you ought to know about. Called Farnol, it lives by a simple concept: make easy seasonless basics in classic shapes for men and women. No frills, no frippery, just clothing that you can wear to work, at the weekend and even on a night out. It’s so simple it seems absurd it’s taken until now for a label to fill this niche.Looking through the brand’s website (so far its only point of sale) one thing is instantly apparent: if you like Uniqlo and Arket you’ll be a fan. By and large, the first condensed collection has a limited palette of grey, white, teal, navy and black, but think of it this way: everything you buy will slip into your wardrobe without causing any major clashes or contrasts. Plus prices start at just £15, which makes shopping seem less of a treat and more an explainable expense. Get to know Farnol now…This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Believe it or not, wedding season is nearly upon us. Within the next few months watch as your inbox fills with ‘Save the Dates’ and your summer weekends fill up with multiple ‘I dos’. With the interest of taking the stress out of this packed-out event calendar early, & Other Stories have launched a capsule bridal collection. Though it’s a veritable Pinterest playground for the alternative bride it’s also a neatly packaged gift for the nuptial attendee looking for something different. ‘With this bridal capsule collection, we highlight occasion dressing, weddings in particular, but each one of these dresses and jumpsuits have a versatile quality that can easily turn them into your most cherished and worn pieces,’ explains Malin Sone, Head of Design, & Other Stories. With prices beginning at  £79 for the short dresses and stretching to £125 for a long dress and jumpsuit, this collection makes for an easy commitment. In anticipation of summer soirees, the range is inspired by sun-soaked California. Romantic flowing silhouettes are tailored in lace, crochet, cotton and silk and the palette is bright and vivid with white alternatives, like cornflower blue, tangerine, rose and even a floral print.  To try on the collection in person' head to the Scandinavian label’s London stores on Regent Street, Oxford Street, in Covent Garden, Kings Cross or Westfield. Otherwise, find the range online at stories.com from Thursday, April 26, 2018.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Modelling in 2018 is a very different world to what it was ten years previously. Just ask Naomi Shimada who is at the forefront of the UK's fashion industry. Beloved by her 61K Instagram following, adored by the brands that sponsor her and wicked smart on paper, she’s the 2018 definition of a full package. If the 1990s ‘Supers’ only had to be Amazonian in height and skeletal in width, today’s models need to have beauty, brains and gumption, which is something Ms Shimada has manifold.On paper, Shimada is hard to narrow down. At age 30 she’s signed with Storm, has modelled for H&M, Nike and Monki and she’s worked with brands like Karen Millen and Moncler. However, for the best part of her career (so far) she’s been a vigilant campaigner against tokenism by challenging the notion of ‘plus-size’ (more on that later). American Vogue called this activist a ‘street style star to watch’ and a ‘feminist’.She describes herself a global citizen, which makes sense as her father (a pottery and vintage seller), who died when she was 11, was from Tokyo while her mother is Dutch-Canadian. Multi-lingual Shimada has lived in Japan, the UK, the US and Spain. Her Instagram is an envy-inducing travel log of her vacations in Mexico and her trips to see her respective grandmother’s in Los Angeles and Japan.‘I don’t even know how to define myself: I feel Japanese but I don’t have a passport anymore, I have a Dutch passport. But I didn’t grow up in Holland: I lived in Spain for 8 years, followed by the UK and US for 10 years, and now there’s Brexit. I almost feel more Hispanic anyway, even though I’m not genetically. I speak English with a slight American twang’, she told The Lost Explorer, adding: ‘Racial fluidity, I definitely fall into that…Being racially unmarked, you can play with ambiguity, but people get upset because it disrupts power dynamics.’Her introduction to modelling came age 13 when she was scouted at a local restaurant. At the time she was a size 6 but like most teens, her body changed. She happily shares she’s now a UK size 14-16, though her weight has not always been a straight-forward topic for her. ‘As a model, dieting is what’s always on your mind – it completely takes over your life and it’s all you can talk and think about. You can’t just have breakfast and eat bacon and laugh because you’re hating yourself all the time’, she told the Guardian.For all its bugbears the ‘plus’ arena has proven fruitful for Shimada. She readily admits that there were fewer girls trying to break into this side of the industry, which meant when she started out she was able to make more money. Nevertheless, she took a break and at age 22 returned to the industry. She told StyleLikeU, ‘I felt so free. I liked having boobs and hips and a butt. I grew up in hip-hop culture and that’s what we all wanted to look like. So now I could be who I wanted to be and it felt good.’However, the stigma and the judgmental cloud that hangs over the very word ‘plus’ is still here, so many years on. Through her articles and interviews, she’s successful shined a light on the dirtier side of this world, highlighting that models are asked to bring ’pads’ to shoots to make their bodies fit a prescriptive ‘plus’ ideal. And, she’s talked out when brands have picked her as a poster child when their range starts at a size 18. As she told the Guardian, ‘Even in a section of fashion that is meant to embrace diversity, our bodies still aren’t quite right. Nobody glorifies the regular middle.’Littered with selfies of her cheeky grin and squat poses, Shimada’s Instagram is the way most of her fanbase first discovered her. Though she had a column in InStyle and became the catalyst for a fevered viral debate on the definition of ‘plus-size’ after an ill thought out caption on an ASOS image, it’s her Instagram, which is an archive of her audacious outfits, that most people know her by.Her personal style as much as her flagrant beauty is part of her personal brand. ‘I really believe that clothing is an extension of our souls, it’s our superpower.’ She told Topshop, ‘I always tell people that clothes are our battle-wear. If you’re tired or having a bad day, then put on a bit of lipstick and a good outfit, and you feel like you can face the world. That’s the power of clothes.’ name a more iconic trio thank u @marques_almeida 💕A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Sep 18, 2017 at 6:49am PDTShimada’s uniform seems straightforward - Issey Miyake's Pleats Please, Marques’Almeida’s pillowy down coat and a pink Eastpak belt bag under her arm -but it’s a tour de force of unapologetic colour, crop tops and trainers. She dismantles fashion rules with a brassy ease that’s endlessly appealing. She explained to Topshop, ‘You’ll notice that, by wearing even a little bit of colour, it has the power to change your mood. It picks you up and people will react differently to you. When I wear all one colour, everyone wants to be my friend, everyone wants to say “hi”.‘It’s a really nice way to navigate through the world, especially with everything going on right now. Colour creates a nice reminder that we are supposed to talk to people in our community more. It’s a talking point. It’s something so simple, but it bridges conversation and creates a really beautiful connection between people.’In her own words, ‘[s]he is currently in pre-production on a documentary video series she has created and produced, which is committed to social issues that affect women across the globe; from sexuality to motherhood and health.’ Takeaway: watch this space. waitingA post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Mar 4, 2018 at 9:01am PST THANK U 2 ALL THE QTS WHO CAME DOWN TODAY! WAS SO FUN! GONNA DEPOP A BUNCH + FYI DROPPED A BUNCH OF STUFF AT TRAID DALSTON SO GO SPEND 🌈A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Aug 20, 2017 at 9:27am PDT 🍊 yearning 4 that vitamin d 🍊A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Jan 8, 2018 at 4:23am PST already ur fav dance crew 🌈A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Dec 13, 2017 at 11:31am PST 👘 2018 LEWK ✔️A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Jan 5, 2018 at 12:37am PST REUNITED W MY MOST FAB GRAMMY SHE IS MY HEART 97 YEARS YUNG ♥️A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Jan 1, 2018 at 6:37am PSTA post shared by 𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Feb 9, 2018 at 5:32am PSTA post shared by 𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Jan 16, 2018 at 3:46pm PSTA post shared by 𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Jan 15, 2018 at 9:27am PST wild thingA post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Apr 7, 2018 at 1:14pm PDT 🌴A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Mar 15, 2018 at 6:20am PDT this was my prom dressA post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Feb 22, 2018 at 8:34am PST 🧡 who says romance is dead 🧡A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Feb 14, 2018 at 6:08am PST WATCH OUT IM COMING 4 U 😈A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Jan 27, 2018 at 11:49am PSTAge: 30Birthday: July 13, 1987Height: 5”10 - 178cmDress Size: 14-16Instagram Handle: @naomishimadaInstagram Following: 61.1KThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When I think of festival fashion it veers between Kate Moss circa 2003 at Glastonbury knee-deep in mud wearing a micro dress, a concho belt and wellies, or some young rich thing dancing freely at Coachella casually offending a minority group in a Native American headdress or bindi. Dressing for a festival, be it one drenched in sunshine or threatened with thunderstorms, is a minefield. Yet, the all-girl group Haim spent last weekend delivering a concise lesson in how to make the trek from field-to-portaloo a veritable fashion show. thank you coachellaA post shared by  HAIM (@haimtheband) on Apr 22, 2018 at 12:56pm PDTEnlisting the help of Chloé’s newly-appointed creative director Natacha Ramsay-Levi to create a handful of custom looks, the LA-based trio showed Coachella how it’s done. For Alana, Danielle and Este Instagram-ready ensembles don’t require total coordination, instead, they relied on a single theme - be it psychedelic floral print, metallic accents or quirky sunglasses - to unite their looks. lookin like some von trapp kiddosA post shared by  HAIM (@haimtheband) on Apr 21, 2018 at 2:28pm PDTRather than falling for the appeal of a boho dress or other cliche festival staple, the Haim sisters made tailoring their trademark. For instance, a pair of high-waist flared silver trousers or a trio of Zimmerman looks worn with white trainer may not seem like the natural fodder for a day spent moshing but in this context, it worked. The end message was the same: to look sophisticated at a festival, dress up. thank you coachellaA post shared by  HAIM (@haimtheband) on Apr 22, 2018 at 12:56pm PDT© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nowadays, having a phone case isn't just about protecting your beloved smartphone. Oh no, it's about much more than that - a phone case is now a fashion statement in itself, and in our minds, the bolder the case, the better.So, because we take our jobs very seriously, we have searched high and low on the internet, with the help of Three Mobile, to find seven of the fiercest phone cases available. From avocado-inspired cases to polaroid picture ones, see The Debrief's top picks below...Brighten up your day with this ombre rainbow phone case. We love.Millennials, meet the world's best phone case. Every time you have brunch with the girls, whip out this avo-inspired case and place it on the table next to your avocado on toast. Lols.Cover your phone case with snaps of you and your mates with the help of this polaroid phone case. But remember, keep it safe for work, yeah?Here's an Instagrammable phone case if ever we did see one. With this protecting our screens, we don't think we'll ever put our smartphones down!Our favourite emoji on a phone case? Sign us RIGHT up.Pressing flowers was one of our favourite childhood past-times, so we're VERY excited that it's made a comeback in the form of this chic phone case.Show off your artsy side with this semi-sheer phone case. Complete with paint splashes and colourful specks, this case is most definitely different.Go Binge with Three - Stream shows and music infinitely without using up your data. Selected new plans and services. Terms apply.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Recently, we have noticed the same crochet beachwear cropping up again and again on Instagram. First, we spotted Kourtney Kardashian, (the most stylish Kardashian, in our opinion) wearing an off-the-shoulder crop top and high-waist bikini bottoms in white crochet. Then, Gigi Hadid’s Coachella wardrobe included a similar crochet one-shoulder bikini top, and finally, we saw Fashion Me Now’s Lucy Williams wearing a beautiful pink and white striped crochet dress during a trip to the Caribbean. Insta-sleuthing hats on, we managed to track down the culprit: Bali-based brand She Made Me.  Gigi ∙ @gigihadid wears the Essential Shoulder Tie Crop Bikini Top at #Coachella2018 🌸 Californian orders placed by Tuesday 5pm will be delivered by Friday. #GirlsinSMM #GigiHadidA post shared by  She Made Me (@shemademe) on Apr 17, 2018 at 2:30am PDTStarted by designer Chloe Dunlop in 2012, the crochet-focussed brand sells bikinis and beachwear, with everything made from 100 per cent cotton. While her first collection was made by hand with help from her grandma, she has since upped sticks from her native Australia to Bali, where she works with local artisans, ensuring that they share in the profits of the business, while she also outsources some of the weaving to women in India. With one bikini taking one or two days to make, and some dresses taking up to three weeks, it’s a time-consuming process that produces beautiful, lovingly-made pieces. The amount of time taken to make each piece of course means that there aren't thousands of each design produced, with the scarcity factor definitely adding to the brand's appeal. Indeed, when an influencer wears something and posts it on their Instagram account, the brand often sees pieces sell out, alerting customers as to when they will be restocked online. Crochet dress of dreams 💘 @shemademeA post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Apr 22, 2018 at 2:17pm PDTAs Dunlop explains on her Instagram account: ‘We work with a woman owned-and-run production house in India, where our clothing is made, which runs a program to empower disadvantaged women. Every piece of our crochet swimwear and clothing is hand-crocheted by artisans in Indonesia who work autonomously from their villages.’ Now stocked on numerous fashion sites globally – including Revolve, Moda Operandi and Free People, as well as the She Made Me official site – pieces start from $170 AUD for a bikini top or bikini bottoms, to up to $600 for a midi-length crochet dress. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In our opinion, the world is divided into two types of people: those that wear trainers and those that don’t. And, whichever camp you fall in says a lot about you. For the former, finding a skirt can sometimes be a challenge as it’s a tactical decision that requires weighing up the length, pattern, colour shape and proportions in tandem with evaluating the height of your sole, the chunkiness of your upper and the palette of your sneaker. It’s rocket science, really.To make your life a little easier here are 15 skirts that will take you through the transitional spring-summer months and beyond that happen to work best with kicks. Look out for a black vinyl wrap around from Weekday that will suit a pair of classic Vans, a cheesecloth See by Chloé boho skirt that will be a girlish antidote to dad trainers and a button-front midi piece from Urban Outfitters that will work with your favourite classic shapes, like Air Max’s and Stan Smiths. Take the stress out of getting dressed with these 15 easy options:This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whenever Missguided comes out with a new collection, I'm all over it. Blink and it's on everywhere on Instagram, which in a self-fulfilling prophesy as that's where I get all my fashion inspiration. Alas, Instagram fashion IRL isn't always what you expect it to be, and boy have I figured that out the hard way. You can never tell whether what your purchasing is daring in a good way or a bad way, which is why I've decided to try on their new items to save you from the agg of doing it yourself.The clothes definitely pushed me out of my comfort zone, and honestly, I now feel sassier than ever. Sorry friends, family, co-workers, I shall be unbearably egotistical as I over-wear these in the next few months and channel my inner-Kylie...Missguided, Peace + Love Black Loose Blazer, £30; Missguided, Yellow Snake Flared Trousers, £20; Missguided, Black Floating Ankle Open Back Court Heels, £15 Snakeskin and flares? It's a combination only few would dare. Personally, I'm not one of the few. If I'm going to branch out my comfort zone into flares or animal print, it needs to be one or the other - all at once I'm hyperventilating. However, THIS JACKET. I was feeling myself far too much in this jacket, despite being somewhat tit-less. It's definitely something I'd wear with some skinny jeans and heels ready for my date to say something offensive so I could storm out sassily. Missguided, White V Neck Sheer Jumper, £20 ; Missguided, White High Waisted Stretch Flare Jeans, £25; Missguided, Navy Velvet Platform Trainers, £14Do I trust myself to wear this much white and not spill anything on it? Not at all. However, the jumper was super comfy, definitely a spring item I'd keep wearing. The trousers are more Instagram friendly than IRL-friendly, since I'd wear them for approx. two mins before accidentally sitting on something dirty or spilling a drink on them. Adult life is hard. Missguided, Black Cactus T-Shirt, £25 ; Missguided, Blue Cycling Shorts, £8 ; Missguided, Black Floating Ankle Open Back Court Heels, £15I have, for good reason, kept far far away from the cycling shorts trend. While they are extremely comfy, the camel toe risk alone terrifies me. However, I quite liked how they worked with an over-sized t-shirt, especially this cute, super soft Texas one. And when I say oversized, I mean OVERSIZED, but at least it will hide said camel from popping up. Missguided, Premium Blue Camo Trousers, £28; Missguided, Black Clear Strap Barely There Heels, £13This was the closest outfit to my comfort zone, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It's the type of look you can wear on Instagram and IRL, plus it's a great dinner option as the tie-waist can be loosened as the night goes on. Pairing them with heels had me feeling ALL TYPES OF SASS, in fact I probably shouldn't wear this combination purely to keep my ego at a healthy level.Missguided, Yellow Snake Print Fitted Top, £20; Missguided, Blue Wrath Straight Leg Mid Rise Clean Cut Hem Jeans, £20; Missguided, Navy Velvet Platform Trainers, £14SOUND THE ALARM. MID-RISE JEANS ARE BACK IN FASHION. Not just mid-rise jeans, MID-RISE WITH A CROPPED TOP. This is the type of outfit I could wear in the morning and then hit lunch and wish I had my high-waisted jeans to cover my increasingly bulging belly. That being said, the jeans were very comfortable, and the top feels like something I could wear to all those Coyote Ugly themed parties I'm invited to...This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The 2019 Fashion Awards are in full swing tonight, December 2, and as you...Celebrity | 15 hours agoThe who’s who of fashion descended on the Royal Albert Hall on Monday evening...Fashion | 10 hours agoWhen the behemoth of luxury LVMH announced that it would be collaborating with...Fashion | 11 hours agoNever before has fashion's place in the world felt so unsure. The...Fashion | 9 hours agoPromoted by Huggies | A DAY AGOCelebrity | 11 hours agoFashion | 11 hours agoFashion | 12 hours agoFashion | 13 hours agoLife | 16 hours agoBeauty & Hair | 16 hours agoCelebrity | 16 hours agoCelebrity | 17 hours agoFashion | 19 hours agoFashion | 20 hours agoFashion | 21 hours agoFashion | 2 days agoFashion | 2 days agoCelebrity | 17 hours agoCelebrity | 17 hours agoCelebrity | 18 hours agoCelebrity | 19 hours agoCelebrity | 20 hours agoCelebrity | a day agoCelebrity | 3 days agoCelebrity | 3 days agoBeauty & Hair | 2 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 4 days agoBeauty & Hair | 6 days agoBeauty & Hair | 7 days agoBeauty & Hair | 7 days agoBeauty & Hair | 8 days agoLife | 18 hours agoLife | 21 hours agoLife | a day agoLife | a day agoLife | a day agoLife | 2 days agoLife | 3 days agoLife | 3 days ago© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Everyone knows that the most stylish women never follow the fashion rulebook. They wear socks and sandals, clash red and pink and layer up accessories with absolute abandon. Rules are there to be broken, after all.Sure, Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake tried to give it a bad name, but the most iconic fashion rule to break - i.e. denim-on-denim - is the double dose of modernity we should all be embracing. While there’s nothing new about the so-called Canadian tuxedo, the way these five Instagram enthusiasts employ their indigo items is quite, quite genius. came thru drippin’A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Apr 14, 2018 at 10:17am PDTRihanna’s accessory game is on point! From the matching blue eyeshadow to the earrings, the pendant necklace and the cocktail ring, she knows how to give denim-on-denim a jolt of excitement. You could say I’m a denim girlA post shared by  Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor (@atlantabean) on Apr 15, 2018 at 10:44am PDTPut those ripped jeans to use with an artfully knotted chambray shirt. That flash of skin at the knees and hips, plus that Western belt breaks up the monotony of this blue look. Eloped to Paris wearing @luluaadal’s stuff #somethingborrowedA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Apr 16, 2018 at 3:51am PDTTake the torture out of trying to find the perfect to break-up your two-shots of denim by following Camille Charriere’s lead and buttoning all the way up. #AlexaChung at #ProenzaSchouler Fragrance Party during New York Fashion Week on February 10, 2018A post shared by  Alexa (@alexacchung) on Feb 13, 2018 at 1:54pm PSTIn this day and age of athleisure wear, the humble iron is much maligned. However, Alexa Chung’s starched trousers with their clean cut and front pleat make quite the case for treating your denim like you would a pair of tailored trousers. You are my other half. Our love. #mycalvins @calvinkleinA post shared by  Dash! Dash! Dash! (@dariamalygina) on Mar 13, 2018 at 9:11am PDTYes, it will feel very uncool, but trust us it will look the opposite. Follow your mother’s instructions and tuck-in that shirt, because it’s the only way to get that Calvin Klein look this season.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion is one of the most polluting industries on the planet, and while we’re not here to defend its worst practices, this Earth Day (Sunday, 22nd April) acquaint yourself with brands that make sustainability stylish. Ethical, environmentally-friendly fashion hasn’t always had the best rep. But, in recent years - courtesy of the tremendous work of Stella McCartney and David Attenborough’s documentaries - it’s now socially unacceptable to turn a blind eye to Mother Earth. Ditching straws and carrying a reusable water bottle is no longer enough, it’s high time that the daunting world of conscious shopping became the norm. While thrifting vintage clothes is an environmentally aware option, get acquainted with these 21 labels if you want that hit of newness without the nasty polluting side effectsGrazia Stylish Sustainable Brands To Support This Earth Day2of21© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For some, accessorising comes naturally. For others (namely this writer) it requires a nudging reminder, which is why a collection of ’always’ jewellery is the answer. Those are the pieces that can be thrown on with anything, go with everything and have enough personality to energise a generic jeans-and-tee ensemble. While they may sound like a myth, the sort of fantastical creation that only exists in theory and never reality, they are out there and ready to be enveloped into your day-to-day existence.This spring-summer season jewellery, earrings, in particular, have become a fashion statement in their own right. From glamorous baubles to artistic sculptural twists of metal, the humble earring has become the showy friend that everyone calls ‘extra’ with loving affection. Chanel - the fashion house whose founder famously said, ‘before leaving the house, a lady should look in the mirror and remove one accessory’ - gave us bling in gargantuan proportions. The model’s lobes dripped with interlinking C’s and rained with a fountain of sparkle. Likewise, Saint Laurent, Burberry and Dolce & Gabbana upped the ante with dazzling Pat Butcher-scale glitz.At the other end of the spectrum, Balenciaga introduced the logomania trend that’s already firmly inserted itself in our wardrobes via our jewellery box. Blatantly charged with the ’80s aesthetic that swept the runways of SS18, it’s no wonder it is appealing in miniature golden form.There is one unlikely accessory that’s fighting the earring trend for coverage: the hair slide. Humble in purpose but arresting in impact, the claw clasp, the barrette and the decorated pin made a coup on the catwalks of Simone Rocha and Saks Potts. Alexa Chung and Laura Jackson have already fallen for its powerful charge, which is a seal of approval we’re always happy to see.This season there is only rule to stick to: buy jewellery that makes you smile. If it’s not fun, then it’s not worth having. Let these 23 pieces put a spring in your step this summer:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Duchess of Cambridge has a handful of designers she favours, of which Temperley London is one. And, while the British label’s new wedding dress collection has something for the bride that admired Kate Middleton’s matrimonial style, they’ve also catered for every other stripe of bride too. The all-white seven-piece collection may seem abbreviated, but it has something for the bohemian, the alternative, the romantic and the classical bride.A fairytale grown with a swishing tulle skirt dappled in pink posey and embroidered flowers may speak to the bride planning an outdoor ceremony, probably in a picturesque garden or some lush field. While a boatneck column dress with art nouveau embellishment and sheer sleeves has the wanderlust bride in mind. For a more traditional, church services ceremony, the flounce sleeved frock with a beaded bodice could be the answer. At the other end of the spectrum lies two gowns for the alternative wife-to-be that’s been pinning pictures of Madonna to their moodboard. Riffing on the lingerie-as-outerwear trend, Temperley London has worked with a boned bodice, peak-a-boo sheer panelling and lacework to bring the boudoir out of the bedroom.While wedding trends tend to play little dividends when it comes to picking one’s own dream dress, it seems this label is betting on one in particular: white. When it comes to this day in particular, it seems no matter what colours are ‘in’, what palette is ‘out’ for white will always feel fresh and relevant.Debrief Temperley London Bridal Collection2of7© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As much as we all love a winter boot, in fact an all-year-round boot is one of our favourite wardrobe staples. But we’ve got to admit, we’re kind of bored of them being our ONLY shoe option of late.We’re longing to bare a bit of ankle and maybe even a cheeky toe, gasp. And yes, we really want to book that long overdue pedi in. So, although we may be just dreaming of wearing these beauties RN, we’ve found the best spring shoe buys to brighten up your shoe collection – and mood; ready to be worn as soon as the temperature peaks… (Pretty much anything above 10 degrees will do fine, thanks.)From the prettiest mules and loafers, to coloured courts and slingbacks and of course your trusty trainers, we’ve got every single new in shoe worth purchasing right here. Whether you’re up for splashing out on that investment pair of Gucci slip-ons, or you’re after some wanderlust inspired espadrilles; these are spring’s best shoes to buy now.Another spring, another year we long for a pair of Aquazzura's.Powder Puff Backless Flats, £440, Aquazzura at MatchesSpring Shoes Fashion Grazia 20182of16Another spring, another year we long for a pair of Aquazzura's.Powder Puff Backless Flats, £440, Aquazzura at MatchesThe shoe investment you really won't regret.Embroidered Velvet Slide, £715, GucciThe colour of the season is essential in at least one pair of killer mules.Yellow Leather Mules, £49.99, MangoLouis Vuitton have decided the sneaker shape of the season. So natch we're buying our from ASOS for under forty quid.Dare Chunky Trainers, £38, ASOS DESIGNNot just your holiday footwear essential. Espadrilles are now acceptable in any situ.Milano Espadrilles £80, SezaneWave dreary winter goodbye with these mood-boosting raspberry hued courts.Raspberry Courts, £89, Uterque Comfort and style in a snakey pair of slip ons. Disclaimer not real snake.Olivia Snake Trainers, £110, JigsawOb-SESSED.Ribbon Detail Slingbacks, £49.99, ZaraYour ultimate 2018 wedding guest shoes that go with every outfit.Grey Gaga Mules, £99, Carvela Kurt Geiger The perfect 'I'm booking a holiday RN' shoes.Fruit Salad Woven Mules, £55, OfficeA spring staple for everything from office to alfresco dinners (we're hoping).Black Woven Courts, £89, FineryThe most versatile pair of shoes you'll ever own. Fact.Red Suede Mary Jane Courts, £49, TopshopDip your toes (literally) into the espadrille trend with these flats for under 30 quid.Pull & Bear D'Orsay Espadrilles £29.99, Pull & BearThe goes-with-everything sandal that also come in black, too. (We'll take them both).White Hardware Sandals, £58, NextPreppy stripes and bows are giving us serious Gossip Girl vibes for spring.Susanna Stripe Slingback, £25, ASOSBring spring in with a colourful pair of kicks.Blaze in Mineral Yellow, £59.99, Nike at Office © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A Malaysian fashion critic and image consultant has caused major controversy after stating that people who weigh over 60 kg (which equates to just under 9 and a half stone) should not attend catwalk fashion shows.In a now deleted post on her Facebook account, Zaihani Mohd Zain wrote that the presence of those who do not meet her 60 kilo criteria at fashion shows made others feel ‘awkward.’‘If your weight is more than 60 kg, you don’t need to come because you will overflow to the chairs on your left and right,’ Zain wrote. ‘It’s so awkward and uncomfortable for the persons seated next to you!!!’ Her remarks came as Malaysian designers prepare to present their Hari Raya collections later this year. Unsurprisingly, Zain’s inflammatory comments have caused widespread outrage on social media, with some major players in Malaysia’s fashion industry calling out the critic for fat-shaming.‘What right does one have to criticise plus size people and telling them not to attend fashion shows,’ designer Calvin Thoo posted on Facebook. His sentiments were echoed in an Instagram post from fellow industry figure Datuk Tom Abang Saufi, who shared a selection of images showing fashion tastemakers of varying sizes sat next to each other on the front row. ‘Fashion royalty… sizes and weights NO ISSUE,’ she wrote.She also addressed the fact that throughout her design career, her own weight had fluctuated, but that this had never proved a problem at events. ‘I’ve been many kilos different and done and attended many shows globally but never [has] weight been an issue,’ she added.This is certainly not the first time that Zain has expressed controversial views on this subject. Speaking to Malaysian Tatler back in 2016, she said that those who enjoy fashion should watch their weight.‘If you love fashion and enjoy dressing up, then there are sacrifices to be made,’ she told the magazine. ‘Watch your weight. People may say size doesn’t matter but who are we kidding?’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s a funny sort of irony that we spend all winter praying for heat and then when it arrives (like it did on Saturday) we’re at a total loss for what to wear. When we’re on holiday it’s straightforward - we have an unwavering packing list of bikinis, espadrilles and wanderlust dresses - but being struck by the unexpected sight of sunshine on our home turf leaves us befuddled. Asking, are those shorts too short for Sainsburys? Will these sandals hold up on a Monday commute? Never trialled further than a walk on a cobbled continental street to the local gelato shop, suddenly our summer items are faced with a test they haven’t revised for.The dilemma of what to wear to work when it’s summer outside and a chilled air-conditioned freezer inside is a further impasse that our wardrobe isn't prepared for, let alone in April when our legs are more used to tights than razors. The key is to find that delicate balance between looking professional and not walking around the office like a T-Rex to cover those sweat patches.There are a few simple rules to live by when the heatwave hits. For starters, heat escapes from your feet (and your head) so opt for sandals or mules that work with conservative lengths. Similarly, retire the fitted, lined pencil skirts and look for loose cotton, breathable layers. And, finally, figure out a handful of silhouettes that you can layer with a cardigan or light jacket as you never know when you’ll be hit with the arctic freeze of an overzealously cold meeting room.With summer now on the horizon stores are currently teaming with tantalizing warm-weather options. See for yourself with our edit of what to wear to work this week:Debrief Grazia Clothes To Wear In The Hot Weather Fashion2of21© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to Coachella, fashion usually looks something like this; crop tops, denim, loose dresses, crocheted separates and anything suitable for the 30-degree heat (that is still stylish of course). That said there are a few celebrity attendees that are slowly moving away from the typical Coachella fashion in favour of edgier and retro looks. Then there are those who never bothered to pay attention to such rules in the first place.Like Rihanna.The singer, fashion designer and beauty mogul was spotted yesterday at the festival sporting a layered outfit that quickly became a trending topic (like anything she does if we’re being honest). The oversized pyjama-style striped shirt under a slogan jumper with a jewelled balaclava is a look that comes straight from the Gucci autumn/winter 2018 show. Rihanna pairs the outfit with a custom pair of Elisabeth Weinstock snake print trousers and Rochas python-print shoes.Even though it’s an unusual choice for a festival, Rihanna dons the Gucci balaclava with the DGAF attitude she’s known for, completely unfazed by heat.The accessories don’t stop there. Although not pictured in her Instagram pictures, Rihanna was spotted wearing a rose gold flask bracelet. The bracelet serves as a convenient alternative to carrying a wine glass. The only questions we have are, why did we not know about these before and where can we get one? A quick Google search and we’re relieved to say that the these bracelets are widely available and very affordable too.Rihanna never disappoints and no matter how different the look is, she's definitely someone that has fun with fashion. We're looking forward to see what she'll wear over the next few days.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Affectionately referred to as 'the fashion Oscars,' the Met Gala is the biggest event in any A-lister's calendar, so choosing the perfect dress is kind of a big deal - especially if it's your first time on the Costume Institute's hallowed guest list...In the interests of nostalgia - and who doesn't love a fashion flashback? - we've taken a trip through the archives to remember what some of our favourite stars wore for their first journey up the Met's red carpeted stairs.See all of your favourite stars' first Met Gala dresses in the gallery below...Credit: Getty ImagesTaylor Swift wore spangled Badgley Mischka for the 'Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy' event in 2008. We miss you, Fearless-era Taylor...Stars' first Met Gala outfits2of33Taylor Swift wore spangled Badgley Mischka for the 'Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy' event in 2008. We miss you, Fearless-era Taylor...Blake Lively wore all American Ralph Lauren to the 2008 Gala, and accessorised with Dan Humphrey (sorry, Penn Badgley...)Before Lemonade, before the lift incident and before Sasha Fierce, Beyoncé wore the dress you dreamed of buying for Year 11 prom to the Met. Except that Queen B's gown was Giorgio Armani, and yours definitely wasn't.It's the dress that launched a thousand memes: Kim Kardashian famously wore a floral gown from Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci for her first Met appearance in 2013.Diane Kruger is a Met Ball veteran - her first appearance was in 2004, when she wore golden Balenciaga and the sort of fancy scarf cover-up that your mum would totally approve of.Hands up who'd forgotten that Emily Blunt and Michael Bublé were the ultimate Noughties power couple? Emily wore Calvin Klein for her first Met Ball in 2007.Eight years before she shut down the Met with her infamous Guo Pei gown, Rihanna opted for a white gown by Georges Chakra couture (complete with black fishnet gloves. Only in 2007)Victoria's Secret's Lily Aldridge made a glamorous Met debut in 2011, wearing this classic champagne coloured gown by Ralph Lauren.The hair, the frills: Anne Hathaway really went all out for her first Met Gala appearance in 2009, wearing Marc Jacobs.Gisele strikes an appropriate pose for the 'Goddess' themed event in 2003.Kate Moss wore Calvin Klein for the 1995 event, and is pictured here with the designer and fellow supermodel Christie Turlington.Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's relationship with Burberry goes way back: here she is wearing the Brit brand for her first Met Ball appearance in 2010.2003 marked the peak of Victoria Beckham's WAG era, and her Met Gala dress didn't disappoint. naturally, she accessorised with Dolce and Gabbana.Instead of a princessy gown, Alexa Chung stayed true to her signature style and chose to wear a suit by 3.1 Philip Lim for her first Met Gala in 2010.Cara Delevingne took Douglas Booth as her date to her first Met Gala in 2011Sienna Miller was the golden girl of the Met in 2006, channeling her Factory Girl on-screen alter ego in this Sixties-style sequinned Burberry shift.Emma Watson kept things relatively simple for her first Met Gala in 2010, wearing this white asymmetric gown by Burberry  (for whom she'd just starred in her first major fashion campaign).Remember when Mary-Kate and Ashley wore colour and smiled in photos? The Olsen twins were Two of a Kind in boho Chanel for their first ball.A blonde Emma Stone wore floral Lanvin to the Met Gala in 2011.Jennifer Lopez posed with Dolce and Gabbana at the 2004 Met Ball - blink and this picture could've been taken a few days ago, such is J.Lo's age defying power.For the 2009 event, Katy Perry chose an atypically straight-forward gown from Tommy Hilfiger, though she's henceforth played it far less safe for subsequent appearances on the Met steps.Kendall Jenner wore Topshop to her first Met Gala (we're guessing she didn't pick it up in the Oxford Circus branch the night before, though)Gigi chose to wear a red Diane Von Furstenberg number for her Met steps debut.Kristen Stewart chose a dramatic black Chanel style for the Met Gala in 2010.Carey Mulligan wore lilac Miu Miu and black opaques for her Met in 2010 - presumably because the red carpet can get chilly sometimes...Eva Mendes wore Zac Posen for her first Met Gala in 2004, which took 'Fashion and Furniture' as its themeJessica Biel wore red Versace back before the dancing lady emoji was a thing in 2009, while Justin Timberlake wore a suit from his own line, William Rast.Colour clash pioneer Claudia Schiffer wore pink and lime green for the 50th anniversary of the Gala in 1998.Charlize Theron wore the ultimate '90s party ensemble for the 1999 event.2015 marked Amal Clooney's first Met Gala, but she still managed to steal the show in tiered Galliano. For 2018, she's on co-hosting duties.Jennifer Lawrence has a long-standing relationship with fashion house Dior, so it makes sense that she chose to wear the label for her first Met Gala in 2013Solange wore patterned Dries Van Noten for 2011's Savage Beauty opening.Jessica Chastain wore a little black dress by Emilio Pucci for her first Met Gala in 2011.READ MORE: Jourdan Dunn Spils Her Met Gala Secrets© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nostalgia is the gift that keeps on giving. Call it a wistful sentimentality for a simpler (pre-Trump, pre-Facebook, pre-Mail Online’s sidebar of shame) time, but looking has proven to be very fruitful. It’s seen the rebirth of Juicy Couture, the revival of Uggs, the reincarnation of mini Matrix-lite sunglasses and now the resurgence of FILA.This week the sports label is rebranding itself as a ‘heritage’ brand. Unlike Burberry, that also touts this moniker, FILA is only looking back to the ‘90s, which is arguably the golden age of sportswear. For starters, the company has tapped into its archives to revive the ‘Mindblower’ shoe. First released in 1995, this chunky trainer will be available in multiple colourways - classic navy and red, blue and white and green and peach. With clunky oversized features it’s the perfect example of this season’s obsession with so-called ‘dad’ trainers, plus with FILA’s logo stamped across the upper, it’s on-point for the logomania trend too. With FILA’s Disruptor sneaker is already the must-have trainer of the season, we’re watching this space carefully to see if the Mindblower will catch on just as quickly.This isn’t the only launch keeping FILA busy for the label just dropped an affordable collaboration with Weekday. The range includes breathable, water-repellent windbreakers and joggers all in the sports brand’s iconic palette of white, green, pink and blue. The 20-piece collection merges form and function as Louise Lasson, creative director of Weekday put it: ‘As an activewear collection from a minimalistic fashion perspective, it felt important to really design the garments with functionality and detailing in mind but also consider the fashion aspect of wearing sportswear.For a long time the Queen was the last person to still match their shoes to their handbag, but suddenly this stuffy co-ordination seems ultra cool when played out with a pair of dad shoes. This attention-seeking shoe enjoys being shown-off, so roll up your denim and let the street style photographers get a good shot of this trend. Don't just max out your credit card on this new 'It' shoe, but your skirt too. The long and short of it is, this style off-sets the dressiness of a floor-sweeping gown. For a long time the Queen was the last person to still match their shoes to their handbag, but suddenly this stuffy co-ordination seems ultra cool when played out with a pair of dad shoes. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are high-street brands and then there are high-street brands, if you know what we mean. Sure your average Topshop and H&M may have a certain allure, but how many can count Emily Ratjkowski as a fan? The combination of this Californian’s imitable style and The Koople’s natural insouciance is too good to overlook.This season the French label is serving up a fantasy wanderlust’s wardrobe filled with wearable separates, dreamy festival dresses and luscious daywear. To help you get ahead of your spring shopping list we thought we’d update you on their 11 best items. For starters, there’s a silk wrap dress that will ensure you’ll always get a second date, a black vinyl trench that will win you fashion kudos this season and a pair of dressed-up track pants you can wear to work, but still feel like you’re lounging around in PJs.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Usually, when you read the news that an item has an 800 person waiting list you expect that it’s been worn by Meghan Markle or designed by Hermes. But such is the power of Kitri, the little-known British label whose dresses are certifiably flattering and reasonably priced.Until now the label, which launched last spring, has only been available through its online store. Today it was announced that Kitri will be hosting a pop-up for three weeks at Selfridges in London, followed by launching a more permanent space in the department store's contemporary womenswear offering. The Instagram-friendly powder pink shop-in-shop has been designed by the Campbell-Rey studio. Expect to find the label’s insouciant mix of fashion-focused workwear, effortless occasion dresses and a newly-released selection of linen pieces, floral dresses and slogan tops.‘We are so thrilled to open a pop-up shop in prestigious Selfridges.’ Kim says, ‘Continuing from the success of our first ever pop-up shop in Marylebone, London last Autumn, we are continuing to experiment and finding different ways to connect with our customers. You will be able to shop our bestsellers as well as new styles in store and we feel that this partnership is a perfect way to introduce our fast-growing brand to new UK and international customers.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s that time of year again when swarms of flower-crowned celebrities and PYTs flock to Indio, California to get that perfect Instagram beside a brand-sponsored pool party. It’s as always a full-on dance party (this time complete with a legendary Beyoncé set) but Coachella has become as synonymous with fashion as music.However, this year the quintessential Coachella look has - in this writer’s opinion - changed a great deal. Unlike other festivals, like Glastonbury for instance, warm weather, like Victoria’s Secret models dancing with plastic cups of warm rosé, is as dependable as waiting ages for a bus only for two to come at once. In the past, this meant that the ‘chella goer’s proverbial packing list included denim cut-offs, some flimsy crocheted-nod to bohemia masquerading as a bikini top and a misjudged culturally appropriative accessory. But, times have changed, and ‘woke’ has been added to the Oxford English Dictionary.The first weekend of this year’s sun-drenched festival saw parties hosted by Nasty Gal, Revolve, Levi’s and Ugg take place as well as the announcement of the upcoming Moschino [tv] H&M collaboration. In keeping, there was as much #spon #ad content flying through the Instagram ether as there were blurry videos of Queen Bey’s set. That said, this did nothing to damage the calibre of Coachella looks on display. If anything, it can be thanked for the host of famous bod’s taking more care not to offend with their curious sartorial choices (read: PC-fashion is in, Henna and Native American headdresses worn by white chicks are out).Bella Hadid gave free lessons in how to wear a body chain, Taylor Hill demonstrated how to wear cowboy boots in 2018 and Leomie Anderson came out as a stan for Von Dutch.Scroll through our edit of the best Insta inspiration for your summer wardrobe with our ultimate Coachella street style gallery:Credit: Levi’sDebrief Coachella Style Fashion 20182of21This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Finding a trend that’s both practical and appealing is almost as rare as meeting a unicorn in real life. They say the trench coat is timeless, but this glorious spring it’s timely too. Fashioned out of plastic, painted a vivid pink or updated with a hood, the new look mac is much more than an antidote to April’s famous showers.The reason for its recent ascension can be traced back to the runways of Burberry, Celine and Vetements and the streets where its new-found cool status was solidified by its prolific uptake by fashion week’s favourite front row stars. For once an item that can be teamed with a suit for work, denim on the weekend and a teeny going out-out dress at night is basking in the spotlight. Obviously, part of its perennial appeal is it’s ability to metamorph for any given spring-summer occasion. Here are 11 we’re bookmarking for paydayThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...My name is Nadia Jae and I’m a DJ, presenter and more importantly a Tomboy so getting me into dresses and skirts is a challenge at the best of times! However, I've taken to challenge to find a new look for less at, well, New Look. In the name of journalism, I pinky promise to give you an honest run down, warts and all!New Look: White Spot Print Peplum Top, £17.99; New Look, Black Ribbed Side Striped Trousers, £17.99;New Look, Black Suedette Kitten Heel Pointed Mules, £22.99 Total Cost: £58.97I loved the loose fitted blouse it would look great with a pair of jeans too. I didn't like these crop trousers as much as the slit-side track pants but I did like the stripe details on the sides. Both fit well (as in not too tight and not too loose). I likey! New Look, Rust Chunky Rib V Neck Vest, £12.99;New Look, Black Side Stripe Split Hem Trousers, £19.99 Total Cost: £32.99Well, this was my absolute fave! The burnt orange vest top made my complexion glow and showed my curves without being tight fitted. The trousers are pleasantly lightweight and comfortable, plus I loved loved LOVED the splits down the side! This was the most 'Nadia Jae' of all the looks. I would wear to a summer dinner or party. Issa nice New Look.New Look: Blue Rinse Denim Jacket, £25.99; New Look, Black Button Front Denim Mini Skirt, £19.99 Total Cost: £45.98So this was my least favourite look...by a mile. I felt like it was 1992 again and all I was just missing a pair of silver jellies (who remembers those?) The denim skirt was (obviously) so straight fitted that my curves struggled a lot! The denim jacket was very dated and literally felt like something from the age 9-15 years section. But not in a good way I'm afraid. I did like the shoes but not with this outfit. A No-No from me. New Look, White Stripe Tres Bien Slogan Square Neck Bodysuit, £9.99; New Look, White Cropped Kick Flare Jeans, £25.99; New Look, Black Suedette Kitten Heel Pointed Mules, £22.99 Total Cost: £58.97This was a cute outfit, but was very uncomfortable! cry face The body suit was a good fit but it did come up slightly tight, and the same for the jeans. I'm really not a fan of flares so this wasn't going to be a win for me. The jeans were also a little tight around the thighs so I would recommend buying in store in case you need to try a few sizes. New Look: White Spot Print Peplum Top, £17.99; New Look, Black Ribbed Side Striped Trousers, £17.99;New Look, Black Suedette Kitten Heel Pointed Mules, £22.99 Total Cost: £58.97I loved the loose fitted blouse it would look great with a pair of jeans too. I didn't like these crop trousers as much as the slit-side track pants but I did like the stripe details on the sides. Both fit well (as in not too tight and not too loose). I likey! New Look, Monochrome Stripe Tie Shirt, £19.99;New Look, Black Side Stripe Split Hem Trousers, £19.99 Total Cost: £39.98I loved this ensemble as you can finally see the details of the trousers and these diamanté cuff shoes which were gorge! I love an oversized pinstriped shirt, it's is my everyday go-to. This is definitely a good look in my opinion and under £40 it can be worn to work or to a cute meeting. New Look this was a Good Look. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...H&M's next designer collaboration will be with Moschino, the brand has confirmed.Moschino's creative director Jeremy Scott broke the news at Coachella over the weekend, with H&M quick to follow up with a brief teaser video on their Instagram account, adding 'We told you to stand by - and now we can finally tell you. We're collaborating with fashion's most fun and charismatic brand, Moschino.'Speaking to US Vogue, Scott dropped a handful of hints as to what fans can expect from the forthcoming collaboration, which has a confirmed release date of November 8th. 'There’s a silver sequinned parka dress,' he told the publication. 'Denim pieces are all twisted into something else. Puffers and jackets are reconfigured into cropped things or double-long things. There’s a sportswear-with-evening kind of feeling, like a hockey jersey with a train.'Scott went on to reveal that he would be bringing back Moschino's Insta-friendly biker jacket bag in a new (and - crucially - more affordable) form, telling Vogue: 'We’re doing the tiniest biker bag ever. I love it. It could be a necklace. It could just hold a lighter, or nothing. I tried it for Moschino, but we didn’t produce it, and I was like, "She’s the one that gets to come back."'According to H&M's creative advisor Ann-Sofie Johansson, the collection will comprise around '45 pieces, plus accessories' for womenswear, with around 20 pieces for menswear. She went on to add that the collaboration will retain Scott's trademark larger-than-life aesthetic and sense of fun, explaining: 'This collaboration is particular – it really is this twinkle in the eye, so to speak. The fun of fashion. There’s so much energy – it puts a smile on your face.'Previous H&M designer collaborations include Erdem, Kenzo, Balmain and Isabel Marant.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Karl Lagerfeld has never shied away from a controversial soundbite: the Chanel creative powerhouse is, after all, the man who fat-shamed Adele, proclaimed that Pippa Middleton ‘should only show her back’ and described Meryl Streep as ‘cheap.’ Now, in a new interview with France’s Numero magazine, the designer has discussed the #MeToo movement that has aimed at exposing widespread sexual harassment in high profile industries like entertainment and fashion, taking a typically inflammatory but also highly problematic stance.‘I’m fed up with it,’ the designer responded when asked for his take on the surge of allegations against photographers, designers and creatives working in his industry. ‘What shocks me most in all of this are the starlets who have taken 20 years to remember what happened. Not to mention the fact there are no prosecution witnesses,’ he continued, before adding as a mildly conciliatory side note that he ‘cannot stand’ Harvey Weinstein, the film producer who was accused of multiple counts of sexual misconduct in the wake of reports in the New York Times and the New Yorker.As to whether the sea change in attitudes and new guidelines for working with models had affected his working process in any way, Karl remained defiant. ‘Absolutely not,’ he said. I read somewhere that now you must ask a model if she is comfortable with posing. It’s simply too much, from now on, as a designer, you can’t do anything.’ He went on to address allegations of sexual harassment against Interview magazine’s former creative director, describing them as ‘unbelievable.’ And for his final pronouncement on the subject? ‘If you don’t want your pants pulled about, don’t become a model! Join a nunnery, there’ll always be a place for you in the convent. They’re recruiting even.’ Sigh.Elsewhere, Karl's inflammatory hot takes took shots at the late Azzedine Alaia (who, in the Chanel designer's words, ended his career 'making ballet slippers for menopausal fashion victims') and the new crop of designers including JW Anderson, Virgil Abloh and Jacquemus: when asked which of the trio he'd prefer to live out his days on a desert island with, he answered: 'I'd kill myself first.'  © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s one accessory the street style set refuse to give up. Yes, Shrimps' Antonia bag must have some kind of record for being the most photographed ‘It’ number in the history of Instagram.Influencers have built up a trusty relationship with the iPhone-friendly must-have over endless fashion months and some have even gone so far as to share their wedding day with the beloved item (we’re looking at you, Laura Jackson). @blancamiro in her #Resort18 Indigo Coat and lemon yellow Antonia Bag 💛A post shared by  Shrimps (@shrimps) on Jan 8, 2018 at 11:45am PSTBut who can blame them, when the grown-up take on a childhood favourite looks so damn chic?According to global fashion site Lyst, searches for beaded bags have soared by 15 percent year on year. No surprises there. Meanwhile, Pinterest has noted a 110 percent increase in UK-based fashion devotees saving beaded bags for future reference via the digital platform. Unfortunately, a love potion doesn’t yet exist (wtf science?? Get on it!) but there is the Bouquet bag💐. She’ll make your heart pitter pat 💐A post shared by  Susan Alexandra (@susan_alexandra) on Feb 14, 2018 at 4:11pm PSTBut to say that the fash pack is feeling a tad nostalgic this season would be a serious understatement. A plethora of #throwback accessories are dominating our feeds RN from supermodel-approved belt bags to the reimagined ‘dad trainer’.But with athleisure steering the ‘00s revival, there was much-needed room for the dainty silhouette and ladylike chic that comes hand-in-hand with the beaded bag. Sorry to post another @zara bag you can’t have yet, but consider it something to look forward to. ⏳A post shared by  The Devils Wear Zara (@thedevilswearzara) on Mar 20, 2018 at 9:16am PDTThough its hefty price tag may prove too steep for some. But fear not, as we’ve scoured the shops for the best of the beaded bunch. Look no further for the most coveted item of the season.Ditch your basket bag and just add cat-eye sunnies to finish...Behold: the most talked about accessory of the season. Available in a pearl hue and a sorbet shade, the bead-emblazoned bag continues to steal a spot in endless street style snaps. Beaded Bags2of8Behold: the most talked about accessory of the season. Available in a pearl hue and a sorbet shade, the bead-emblazoned bag continues to steal a spot in endless street style snaps. According to Lyst, Ganni's beaded bucket bag is one of the most viewed beaded bags of the year. So make sure to snap one up before we do...For those looking for a high street alternative, hit up Topshop. The mega chain has launched a candy-hued cross body number so ditch the basket before heading to the beach this summer.  For those of you who are unfamiliar with Susan Alexandra, check out her website, ASAP. The New York-based designer offers a plethora of Insta-ready accessories which are handmade with love.  Forget minimalism this spring and inject some much-needed colour into your wardrobe. It'll squeeze in your keys and phone too, what more could you possibly need?Name an Insta influencer who doesn't own Mango's cult accessory. But make sure to snap it up fast, as it's selling like hot cakes. We don't even care if it's practical or not... Sorry, but we couldn't resist adding another one of Susan Alexandra's highly-Instagrammed numbers to the basket. Just scroll through your feed and we can guarantee you'll spot one of the designer's kitsch accessories or two. Shrimps' Venezia number is following closely behind the Antonia bag in the running for the most sought after accessory of the year and it's a must for those who crave colour this season.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In news that could spell the end of shopping as we know it, Amazon has expanded its Prime Wardrobe for an exclusive club of fashion fanatics.Back in June, the online giant announced that it was set to launch a new online tool designed to ease the stress of try-on sessions and endless changing room queues. And according to TechCrunch, the delivery service has secretly invited select users to trial the revolutionary way of shopping.Amazon Prime members who have been lucky enough to receive an exclusive invitation, will have one week to try out three or more garments of their choice from the comfort of their own home.And the major bonus of swapping the high street for a weekend scroll from the depths of your duvet? You won’t even have to make any credit card commitments until you return the items you no longer wish to keep. Our bank account is weeping with joy.For those of you wincing at the very idea of spending your lunch break in the post office queue, the online retailer will provide shoppers with a prepaid UPS label to make returns less time consuming.Oh, and the retail giant won’t charge Amazon Prime subscribers any extra cost for the revolutionary new tool.Hands up, who fancies giving it a go?If you’d like to receive an invitation to join the exclusive club, make sure to check out the website.Race you there...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This weekend, the fash pack will fly in to California for the one of the most anticipated festivals of the year. Yes, Coachella fever is upon us and attendees are busy curating a series of Insta-ready looks as we speak.But how will this year’s star-studded event influence our summer wardrobe?Whether you’re packing your suitcase for a weekend in the shadow of the now-famous wheel or plan to watch Beyoncé from the comfort of your own bed, these are the festival trends set to take over an Instagram feed near you.If asked to conjure up an image of a festival in your mind, we can guarantee that you’d picture bell-sleeve dresses and floral headbands aplenty. But many of you will be pleased to learn that boho-inspired trends are finally dying down. Sorry, Sienna.According to global fashion site, Lyst, search for floral crowns are down by 18 percent this year. Instead, festival goers are stocking up on silky scarves (no doubt inspired by the spring/summer 18 runway shows). Chic Sunday in Paris 🌹 the stunning girls of @gang_of_earlybirds in our SS18 collection 🖤 #rixolondon #chic #paris #pfw #streetstyle #french #girls #style #sunday #fun #rixoA post shared by  RIXO (@rixo) on Mar 4, 2018 at 5:16am PSTIn another sigh of relief, searches for festival buzzwords such as ‘crochet’ and ‘hippie’ are also down by 34 percent in comparison to last year. In need of some inspo as to what to wear instead? Insta-ready dresses by Reformation and Rixo are leading the way as the most searched for festival numbers ahead of Coachella. No surprises there.Over the past three months, Lyst has reported a surge in demand for the noughties accessory and in the last week alone, there was one search for ‘small sunglasses’ every four minutes.And we have the likes of millennial supers, Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner, to thank as the fashion duo are often papped rocking Matrix-inspired shades. Race you to the shops…Trainers continue to reign as the street style set’s footwear of choice and this festival season, the chunkier the better. ...where l find peace. 🌊 #whowhatwearingA post shared by  RIKKE KREFTING (@rikkekrefting) on Feb 25, 2018 at 4:38am PSTLyst has reported over 2,000 searches a day for the likes of Balenciaga Triple S sneaks and the Fila Disruptors in recent weeks (total search increased by 105 percent in the last month). Team with a floral dress for extra style points.As we bid farewell to Vanessa Hudgens-inspired boho chic, say hello to a newfound streetwear-inspired aesthetic. this suit 🙌🏼 @georgiaaliceofficialA post shared by  Rosie HW (@rosiehw) on Mar 31, 2018 at 8:13am PDTAccording to Lyst, the belt bag (recently championed by Rosie Huntington-Whiteley) was searched for every three minutes last week. @adidasoriginals @daniellecathari #adidas_ambassadorA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Feb 8, 2018 at 1:41pm PSTLast year, the most coveted garment donned by the street style set was no doubt the Gucci tee (shout out to Rihanna). But this summer, pay close attention to athleisure heroes - Balenciaga and Off-White - as the labels continue to deliver sell-out Insta-hits.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Making us wish even more that it was summer already, Kim and Kourtney are in Turks and Caicos right now, and making sure Instagram knows all about it. The pair have taken off on a break together and spent the last few days paddle-boarding, sunbathing, cycling and generally having the times of their lives on a seemingly deserted beach. Kourtney shared a photo on Instagram for National Sibling Day with the caption ‘my sibling’, so it seems like they’re enjoying some quality time for once. my siblingA post shared by  Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 10, 2018 at 9:06pm PDTThey’ve also been showing off some of their impressive bikini collection – so far eight bikinis between them – some of which are not as designer as you might expect. Both Kourtney and Kim have been sporting similar block-colour swimwear (much like their sister Kylie, and on trend as always). They both shared shots of classic black bikinis which, it turns out, are from Australian brand Aexae and won’t actually break the bank…For £38 you can get Kim’s ‘Heather’ bikini top and it’s another £38 for the ‘Arizona’ bottoms. It’s probably a little more than you’d usually pay for a higher end bikini from a high street store. Kourtney’s ‘Tyra’ top will cost you £35. The kicker is the £16 delivery charge from Australia – and you could get hit with customs charges. If you’ve got any particularly generous friends or family in Australia, now might be the time to hit them up for a favour. 💦A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 9, 2018 at 7:17pm PDTAll in all, if you’re a Kardashian fan and desperate to steal their look, this is a decent option. Although we’d love it if the Kardashians turned out a Primark or H&M outfit, this might be the most mainstream and affordable look we get from them. Plus, if you’re not a Kardashian purist, you can get bikinis in a very similar style from Topshop. Just saying.Scroll through for more Kim K style inspiration:Debrief Evolution of Kim Kardashian's Hair1of11Follow Sophie on Twitter @sophlynneThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What do fashion influencers have in common? Answer: they’re seriously into documenting their tights.From Gucci numbers emblazoned with interlocking Gs to sheer Fendi numbers, the Insta-pack are bringing back the old school classic ( just with a slightly heftier price tag).According to global fashion search platform, Lyst, search for Balenciaga tights soared by 19 percent last month. A favourite for the fash pack? The label’s chain-print tights.And surprisingly, Kim Kardashian is largely responsible for the growing Insta-phenomenon. Since sharing a snap of herself in a seriously logo-heavy look on February 12, Lyst reported a sartorial snowball effect. Fendi FanA post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Feb 12, 2018 at 12:51pm PSTThe following week alone, boasted over 3,000 searches for the social media mogul’s shouty Fendi tights. For those hoping to jump on the fashion bandwagon, too late. The Kardashian influence has rendered them a sell-out. Sigh.Gucci on the other hand is still pulling its weight as one of this year’s ‘It’ brands despite the fash pack’s reignited relationship with the likes of new-but-old Fendi and Dior. According to Lyst, views of Gucci’s logo-centric tights rose by 39 percent last month. Hands up, who’s guilty?But the revival of logomania is hardly surprising. For Dior's autumn/winter 18 show, Maria Chiuri Grazia sent models down the runway with miniature saddle bags in tow.Reminiscent of John Galliano's 2001 collection, the pint-sized accessory (which gained a place in the tracksuit-clad closet of noughties muse Paris Hilton) made a major comeback.In a trickle-down effect, the A-list clan have since adopted the trend with the likes of millennial supers, Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid, regularly papped in belt bags and Matrix-inspired sunnies galore.And over recent months, the Insta crowd has begun to catch on. From miniature noughties arm candy to the now-famous Balenciaga trainer, we’ve welcomed a plethora of logo-focused accessories this season. Fresh lilacs and new old Dior 🌸A post shared by  Lucy Williams | Fashion Me Now (@lucywilliams02) on Apr 7, 2018 at 9:38am PDTJust take a moment to scroll through your Insta-feed and we can guarantee you’ll spot a Diorissimo saddle bag wedged beneath the armpit of some street style star or a blogger grabbing brunch in this season's must-have Gucci legwear. OMW to get a perm 🦁#CarrieWannabeA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Feb 28, 2018 at 4:19am PSTFancy giving the trend a whirl? We don't blame you. Check out how Grazia's go-to influencers are working tights this season for a dose of inspo before racking up a serious shopping bill: Girly moment 🌸💘A post shared by  Filippa Hägg (@filippahagg) on Jan 28, 2018 at 5:16am PST *sunday breakfast. ☕️🥐🍓#pfwA post shared by  RIKKE KREFTING (@rikkekrefting) on Mar 4, 2018 at 1:49am PST© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nude underwear can be a nightmare to shop for. Much like foundation, it often comes in the same vaguely oatmeal colour that seems to suit no one. ASOS is one of the biggest brands yet to do something about this: they announced on Twitter yesterday that they’ve launched a new nude underwear range that comes in three shades: chestnut, golden and beige.Until now, inclusive nude underwear ranges have been few and far between. Independent brands have been at the forefront of this movement, with companies like Nubian Skin and BeingU putting an emphasis on selling products for darker skin tones. American Eagle’s underwear brand Aerie has a better nude underwear offering than most, but this is difficult to purchase in the UK. ASOS’ range is one of the more accessible and inexpensive options to hit the market, with bras at £8 and underwear only £4.Skin tone inclusivity has been a subject of discussion in the media since Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty launch last year, when she released 40 different shades of the Pro Filt’r Soft Matte Longwear Foundation and 10+ shades of the concealing and contouring Match Stix. Many beauty brands then scrambled to meet the demand for underrepresented tones, particularly the darkest shades in the range. Estee Lauder and Maybelline were among the big names to release darker foundations after the Fenty launch.Perhaps more UK brands will take note of the demand for a better selection of nude products, and clothing that suits a variety of skin tones. The size range of the new ASOS underwear is XS-XL and it’s not clear yet whether ASOS Curve will be selling the products as well.At the moment the nude collection is limited to triangle bras and microfiber thongs, but we’re hoping this new underwear is just the beginning of a bigger, better, more inclusive ASOS range.Follow Sophie on Twitter @sophlynneThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For simplicities sake, let’s call Zoella a digital powerhouse. I’ve spent a good ten minutes sitting here trying to decide what pronoun to use for Zoella because this social media giant has long since ascended beyond the candour of a humanising ‘she’. Zoella is a business to be reckoned with.For the uninitiated (AKA me two hours ago) Zoella has in nine years arguably become the most successful Youtube blog of all time. At age 28 the Brighton resident (real name: Zoe Elizabeth Sugg) has amassed 12 million subscribers and a further 11 million more on Instagram. She reportedly earns £177.3K per year - calculate that net worth, if you will - and her debut novel Girl Online made her the fastest-selling author since records started.In a mere 120 minutes I’ve learnt what sheets Zoella sleeps on (Orla Kiely) , what color her bedroom walls are (white) and what makes her cry, laugh and smile, which honestly is most things. I’ve seen her goof around with her boyfriend (Alfie Deyes AKA Pointless) and brother (Joe Sugg of ThatcherJoe) - who FYI are also extremely successful YouTubers. It’s her beauty vlogging that has become the rubric for which all influencers (either accidentally or incidentally) base themselves on.Yes, she’s had some setbacks cough that £50 12-window advent calendar filled with tat, like a cookie cutter and a bauble and those homophobic and snobbish tweets that recently surfaced cough but she’s seemingly weathered the storm. And let's face it, in a decade of a ascension, it would be unheard of for some cracks not to appear.Zoella, like the Kardashians, has cultivated a clean cut (read: no drugs, alcohol or smoking) inoffensive persona to ensure she’s as ‘relatable’ (and desirable to brands) as possible. Everything from Zoella’s videos, to her merch and Instagram, which is a travel log of cakes, puppies and outfits, consciously refines and underlines this persona. Never is this more clear than through the sartorial language of her Youtube channel - think of it as the symbiosis of her visual and commercial vocabulary. In a desire to get-to-know the Zoella brand and ergo her wardrobe I watched her top 10 videos of all time, which have a mind-boggling collective 142 million views, here’s what I learntCredit: Zoella/YouTubeZoella may have a 37 fashion and beauty dedicated videos, but not one made it into her top 10 most viewed. For the sake of research I watched a few. I learnt she likes to speak slowly about what she ordered online from ASOS and Pull & Bear. If a haul video gets your juice's flowing watch away but beware these clips are filled with product placements.Credit: Zoella/YouTubeThumbing through Zoella's Instagram I was convinced she was a hipster. Between the flat whites and graffiti pics are denim-on-denim selfies, pensive shots of her wearing wire-frame reading glasses and semi-ironic slogan tops. However, this could not be further from her Youtube look. Like miles and miles away. Like a galaxy away.Credit: Zoella/YouTubeAccording to her fifth most viewed video, Zoella actually started recording the everyday aspects of her day-to-day existence at just 11-years-old. To celebrate a subscriber milestone Miss Sugg let us thirsty viewers see what tween Zoella packed for a family holiday. One thing is ludicrously clear: pre-teen Zoe is far edgier. Between the on-trend hair slides, collection of chokers and spaghetti strap tops, this young girl could outpace grown-up Zoella in the style stakes.Credit: Zoella/YouTubeIt's a rare day when this blogger breaks out of her twee stripes or plain-top-and-jeans uniform, but when she does it makes a nuclear impact. Take this camouflage top for instance or that eighties-twinged sweater - it's so unexpected it has me sitting up straighter and listening a little closer.Credit: Zoella/YouTubeZoella is so chirpy and 'normal' she gets accused of being 'basic'. Naturally, the fact that she loves a plain coloured t-shirt should come as no surprise nor the fact that she rarely accessorises beyond a Michael Kors watch. Very relatable. Credit: Zoella/YouTubeZoella lives her life on screen and even though her income may have skyrocketed in the last decade her wardrobe has remained very grounded. She likes clothes from the brands we like to shop from - Topshop, H&M and ASOS. While she's not jettisoned herself onto the red carpet or other starry walks of life she does one thing very differently from the rest of us: she sits around her bedroom all day in a face of stage make-up. Zoella is rarely seen without foundation, blusher, bronzer, fake lashes and a triptych of eyeshadow shades.Credit: Zoella/YouTubeThere's something passively cute about a Peter Pan collar that makes me think of school children. It's disarming in its lack of pretension and just fashionable enough, which means Zoella can once again parlay visually to the crowd that she is normal, she is relatable, she is accessible.Credit: Zoella/YouTubeZoella's funny 'helllooooo' and affable giggle didn't shock me, but her language did. She's 28 and she uses words like 'poopey' and 'willy', she talks like a pre-teen unsure of how rude they can be. But, this childish persona allows her to be zany. She throws cream pies, gets mucky like a clown and it's adorable. Yeah, I enjoyed the fact she had attractive G-Plan furniture and lights Dyptique candles with abandon, but I continued watching for her PG kookiness.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s no denying Meghan Markle’s sartorial pulling power. From her penchant for seriously covetable arm candy (we’re looking at you, Strathberry) to the 36-year-old’s now-famous McQueen moment, the former actress has certainly cemented her status in the fashion sphere.And just when we thought her newfound royal wardrobe couldn’t get anymore enviable, the duchess-to-be rocked her most relatable look to date on her latest engagement.For the Invictus Games team trials, the former actress dressed up an official polo shirt with a khaki-hued trench by new go-to label - Babaton for Aritzia. In rather unsurprising news, within a matter of hours the ‘Meghan Effect’ sent the spring-ready number flying from the shelves.But her latest purchase was to be expected, as she has a thing for Canadian labels RN. Having spent the entirety of her Suits career based in Toronto, the former actress will have popped into Aritzia for a Saturday scan no doubt.To accessorise the highly-publicised look, she donned a pair of her trusty Mother Denim jeans (yes, she successfully brought back the bootcut in the process) but this time, left her enviable accessories collection at home.Ever since she donned the look, it’s remained etched in our minds and we won’t rest until we can bag a similar spring cover-up.Designed to combat the inevitable shower or two, the trench coat is a failsafe option when patiently awaiting the summer sun.From this month’s high street champions to investment pieces designed to weather-proof your look season after season, these are the items on our April checklist.If it has the Buckingham Palace stamp of approval, then it’s good enough for us…Leave it to Meghan Markle to kick-start a trend. The royal-to-be stepped out for her latest engagement in Babaton for Aritzia's now-famous 'Lawson Trench' and as a consequence to the 'Meghan Effect', it flew from the shelves. If anything, keep the Canadian label on your radar for spring-ready shirts and lustworthy outerwear. Trust us, it's well worth the shipping costs...Trench Coats1of10FYI, linen is back and more covetable than ever this season. In need of inspo? Head over to Mango for the best of the pack. We'll be teaming ours with a crisp white shirt and a pair of this season's most sought after sandals by the label.Famed for slogan-emblazoned t-shirts and Insta-famous beaded bags, Ganni is an obvious choice when on the hunt for wardrobe updates. This season, we have our hearts set on this saccharine-hued trench. Team with the Scandi label's fruity accessories and cult banana-themed tee.Zara fanatics, rejoice. The Spanish fashion giant has dropped a series of seriously covetable trench coats online and it's safe to say, we want the lot. But for those of you who can't wait to dabble in spring hues, we recommend checking out this millennial-inspired number. Zara's sister brand is our new go-to when searching the depths of the Internet on a weekday evening. But who can blame us? We can't wait to don this two-tone trench when the sun says hello... For added style points, team with a pair of white ankle boots.Fellow Scandi go-to Weekday is a must when looking to update your spring wardrobe in a few simple sartorial steps. Ever since the flagship store landed in London, we've bid farewell to our wage in exchange for a handful of shopping bags. We'll be styling this kimono-inspired number with tailored trousers and slip-on mules come summer.Another Scandi frontrunner, Monki is the go-to hot spot for outerwear this spring. With a plethora of trench coats in a multitude of styles, Meghan will no doubt be the first to check out the range. For those looking to make a serious splurge come payday then look no further than this Prada number. Dubbed the 'Shell Trench', we're getting retro vibes and can't wait to dust off our Vejas and don ours a belt bag a la Bella Hadid.Leave it to Meghan Markle to kick-start a trend. The royal-to-be stepped out for her latest engagement in Babaton for Aritzia's now-famous 'Lawson Trench' and as a consequence to the 'Meghan Effect', it flew from the shelves. If anything, keep the Canadian label on your radar for spring-ready shirts and lustworthy outerwear. Trust us, it's well worth the shipping costs...For those looking for a classic, check out Warehouse's latest drop. The high street giant has introduced a trench which not only boasts a traditional silhouette but comes in navy or camel. We're spoilt for choice. For that cool-girl throw-it-on vibe, check out The Kooples' latest 'It' item. Yes, vinyl is back for round two this season and we challenge you to name a more chic way to weather-proof your look...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ironically, it’s a visit from April’s famous showers that has us thinking about summer. Our logic is simple: The worse the weather, the more we crave being enveloped by heat. Today may be curtained in grey cloud, but our Instagram feed is telling a different story, one where insouciant influencers shrug off their coats, roll up their sleeves and wear Mango sandals. By following their well-trodden footsteps hopefully, we can manifest the change we want to see (i.e. the weather). Waiting for spring 🌸 @mango #mangogirls #mango #adsA post shared by  Adenorah (@annelauremais) on Mar 23, 2018 at 2:01am PDTTrue they are not the most appropriate footwear for right now, but when the good times come these delicate thonged sandals will be the answer to your work-to-weekend dressing dramas. With a square toe and a low cigarette heel, these strappy sandals embrace one of this season’s micro-trends: the toe thong. In a world where ugly footwear (Crocs at Balenciaga and Uggs at Y/Projects) are ruling the runways, this is certainly the least egregious option. Plus they've already gained traction with some of our favourite street style stars like Anne-Laure Mais, Camille Charriere and Jeanette Madsen. Midriff matinee 🌞 feat. @mango  #mango #mangogirlsA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Mar 26, 2018 at 3:34am PDTFor £69.99 these shoes serve a dose of minimalism that recalls everything wonderful, awkward and interesting about '90s fashion. Call us nostalgic, but don't you think these look like something Lisa Bonet would have owned and Carrie Bradshaw would approve of. Not to forget, they are also sophisticated enough to carry off both a suit and a summer dress. We’re sold. advertisement | Heading for tacos 🌮 #MANGOgirls #mango @mangoA post shared by  Jeanette (@_jeanettemadsen_) on Mar 27, 2018 at 11:29am PDT© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What to wear now? It’s the perennial questions that haunt our every early morning and yet it never gets fully, succinctly answered. The weather, the season, the occasion all play a hand in the final decision. However, there’s another factor we’re convinced you should consider: Weekday.Right now, at this very minute, the Scandi retailer is on our mind. In fact, it’s rarely very far from it. Their brand of cool, easy and (importantly) affordable pieces is ticking all our boxes. There’s colour, there’s print and there’s effortless flattering shapes - all of this under the umbrella of being on tend too. The hot-ticket item? While it’s hard to pick one item to add to our basket we’re feeling those bright red traffic-stoping flares. Though, it was a close one as that long-sleeve graphic t-shirt is looking pretty attractive right now. If this tricky between season weather is making getting dressed a chore, discover these 11 items now.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What's that? A break in the clouds? A shimmer of sunshine? A temperature at which the hair on your infrequently shaven legs won't stand on edge and shiver in the early morning frost? Holy shit, it must be spring. Good job guys, we made it. Now it's time to update your wardrobe accordingly.When conversation around sustainable, ethical, 'good for the planet, good for your conscience', fashion comes up, I get a bit nervous. Like many of us, I know enough about the brands we flippantly purchase from time-to-time to feel guilty about their dirt-cheap unethical, unsustainable, bad-for-the-planet production; especially over summer when we typically order the whole of an online retailer two days before we go away on holiday. But I'm not very good at pointing out where to look instead. That was until our brilliant Fashion and Beauty Editor pointed me in the direction of People Tree.They're not new. They're 26 years old, in fact. All of their products are ethically and environmentally sustainably made and yes, they look and feel good too. I tried some of their new summer collection on to show you how it all looks IRL and that wholesome vibe definitely carries through.People Tree, Mina Breton Top In Red And Cobalt, £45; People Tree, Eve Trousers, £85 Most trousers are hard. Most trousers are deceptive and fit in one place but not the others. Most trousers, I don't trust. But these trousers? These guys are good. You know why? Because these trousers buttoned-up at the actual waist (not the 'whip'... the awkward bit between the waist and the hip), didn't dissolve my bum and covered my 33.5 inch legs. I like these trousers. And they would look just as good with a trendy little mule. People Tree, Bernice Shirt Dress, £109People If ever there was a time for a shirt dress it's now. The weather's perking up a bit (trying not to jinx it, honest) and it's probably one of the easiest items in your wardrobe arsenal. Prepared for anything is the vibe, and if you're looking for a weightier shirt dress that'll last the entire season and solve those summer office dress dilemmas here it is. People Tree, Mina Breton Top In Red And Cobalt, £45; People Tree, Brooke Dungaree, £109 All hail the humble dungarees. Comfort is always key and I'm obviously a big fan of this loose and forgiving waistline - ideal for Sunday roasts (and that extra pint).People Tree, Anna Dress, £135It's the epitome of light and airy, right? You can't go a summer without an emergency maxi dress for those 'denim shorts are not appropriate' days. The contrasting prints are cute and the three-quarter sleeves leave room for movement. People Tree, Keiko Dress, £119Sweet and sensible, right this way. I like to think of this super flattering dress as the 'feel free to introduce me to your family and I'll convince them that I'm not an absolute idiot' dress. It's made from cotton and doesn't feel remotely restrictive. Also the neckline is very grown up so you could easily sneak this into your 9-to-5 wardrobe.People Tree, Pia Dress, £95 Nope it's not denim but on camera, it could be right? It's a super chill 'throw on and go' dress that'll save you precious summer minutes. The floral neckline and wide sleeves make it more than just 'another' shift dress and it'll be light enough to slip into your suitcase for that scorching hot holiday you have planned too. Follow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After years of collecting teeny tiny gold and brass jewellery that tangles with just a glance, the fickle fashion set has moved on. And, the new gravity-defying variety comes with Pat Butcher’s seal of approval.Rather than converting dainty necklaces and pensive earrings, it’s fantastically kitschy plastic pieces that are making our hearts race that little bit faster. Enormous moulded resin and glinting acrylic chunks have taken the place of fine jewellery on the runways and now our wardrobe is keen to follow suit. There’s no limit with these head-turners as the more awkward the colour combinations or the larger they are the more we want them. Expect these conversation-starters to make you popular this season.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s no secret that silk scarves are the power accessory of the moment. They’ve fought their way to the fore on the catwalks of Gucci and Vestments, staged a coup of fashion week’s street style set and now they’ve received Instagram approval from some of the most discerning influencers out there. And yet, when I look down at the square silk scarf my grandmother gave me I’m left flummoxed about how to tie the thing. I want to look like Kate Moss hanging out with The Rolling Stones, not like I work for at the local Clarins counter (not that there’s anything wrong with, but you know it’s not sartorial #goals).For all its obvious flaws (being a crony of data-seller Facebook and generally making everyone’s mental health more fragile etc), Instagram offers unlimited fashion inspiration. Here are 6 ways to make humble kerchief become the glamorous element for any occasion... 🍎with camel culottes @uterqueofficial #UterqueSquad #UterqueA post shared by  María Bernad (@maria_bernad) on Mar 19, 2018 at 7:50am PDTLock and load this trend as a fancy belt for a pair of tailored slacks. Easy, practical and sophisticated, natch. Queen of the roads 🚲 @baumundpferdgartenA post shared by  Anna Rosa Vitiello (@annarvitiello) on Feb 6, 2018 at 1:03pm PSTBench your usual clip-on bag strap in favour of this silken upgrade for a pop of pattern and a luxe touch. I’m just out here making imagery with a rubber fish, semi nude, looking super fly in some of Molly’s key fashion accessories... bruh that’s all there is too it 😊 So don’t go over thinking, making assumptions, getting all upset and rude about it 💋🌹 #fisharefriendsnotfood #nycA post shared by  🌹 Emmerz 🌹 (@emmabreschi) on Feb 6, 2018 at 12:43pm PSTGive your scarf the royal seal of approval and knot it under your chin. FYI fish, not a necessity. You haven’t lived until you’ve started mixing black, navy, and silk scarves.A post shared by  Man Repeller (@manrepeller) on Feb 1, 2018 at 7:45am PSTIf your scarf has mileage try and wrap it around your neck twice and tie it with a firm knot at the neck. Play the layering game, like Haley has and tie yours over a turtleneck and sweater but under a military jacket. 🎩 #souvenirs #CapetownA post shared by  Nicole Huisman (@nicole_huisman) on Feb 4, 2018 at 1:35pm PSTCoco Chanel may have famously said, ‘Before you leave the house, look in the mirror and take at least one thing off’, but what she really meant was take one less accessory off your person and place it atop another. See, this hat is only improved with its handkerchief addition. J'@dior 🦐 ph @le21emeA post shared by  Anna Rosa Vitiello (@annarvitiello) on Mar 21, 2018 at 2:17pm PDTStart by folding it into a rectangle then secure it at the back your neck with a broach. It’s a double whammy of granny chic, but heck is it a gracefully unfussy game changer when teamed with an open neck top.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kate Hudson has revealed that she is pregnant with her third child, announcing the news by sharing footage on Instagram of her gender reveal party. She is expecting her first baby girl. Sharing her difficulties during her first trimester, she wrote: ‘If you’ve wondered why I’ve been so absent on my social channels it’s because I have never been more sick! It’s was the most sick first trimester of all my children. Boomerangs have made me nauseous, Superzoom is an easy way to have my head in the toilet, food Instagrams make me queasy and thinking too much about Insta stories made me even more exhausted than I already had been.’ ‘We have been trying to keep this pregnancy under the radar for as long as possible but I’m a poppin’ now!’ she continued. ‘And it’s too darn challenging to hide, and frankly hiding is more exhausting then just coming out with it! My kids, Danny, myself and the entire family are crazy excited! A little girl on the way.’ It is the first child for the actress and her boyfriend Danny Fujikawa, who she has been dating for just over a year. The couple have known each other for significantly longer, however, as Hudson has been close friends with her beau’s step-sisters, Erin and Sara Foster for a decade. In fact, she revealed that they first met when she was 23 and heavily pregnant with her first son Ryder. The actress has two sons, 14-year-old Ryder with ex-husband Chris Robinson and 6-year-old Bingham with her ex-fiance Matt Bellamy.  Congratulations to the happy couple!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a sartorially sound woman herself, it’s no surprise that Kate Hudson’s movie characters are often enviably stylish, perhaps none more so than Andie Anderson in How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days. The classic girls’ night in film celebrates its 15th birthday this year and, while the plot might be considered somewhat un-feminist in 2018, Andie’s early 00s wardrobe has truly stood the test of time.Composure magazine’s resident How To girl was tasked with dating and driving away Benjamin Barry (Matthew McConaughey), but while Andie (SPOILER ALERT) ultimately failed in her efforts, she did teach all of us just how to dress for our fantasy future lives. We may never have actually worn a pencil skirt to the office, or attended an event fancy enough to justify the dreamy yellow silk dress, but – after re-watching How To Lose A Guy – we’re seriously considering an Andie-inspired wardrobe upgrade.Can’t remember what you had for dinner last night let alone clothes from a movie released in 2003? Check out the best of Andie Anderson’s looks belowHave you ever seen a white shirt and grey pencil skirt look so good? Sure Kate/Andie has that slightly static, very 2003 I'm-still-using-my-water-filled-Babyliss-straighteners hair, but girl WORKS IT. Is it the fit of her corporate crony attire that takes it from meh to magnifique? The giant Prada tote and Starbucks to-go cup she accessorises with? Or, just the fact that this is Kate Hudson and she'd look great in a Bloomingdales Big Brown Bag? From the front Andie's on-the-pull frock was a perfectly cute wraparound halter neck. It's so inoffensive it's practically work appropriate. But, when she turns to walk out of Ben's apartment, we see that Andie is indeed BRINGING SEXY BACK. A whole three years before Justin Timberlake did. Because Andie Anderson is a trendsetter, people.Was there a rule in the early 00s that all female, New York-based TV and movie characters had to rep the Knicks? Because Andie Anderson looks all kinds of Rachel Green in her basketball jersey and, later in How To Lose A Guy, also sports a black Knicks hoodie. We're not complaining; she looks great and it's nice to see a girlie character being represented as a sports fan rather than being dragged along to a game by her boyfriend. Those tickets were hers, remember, even if she did flirt with a Sports Illustrated editor to get them…You can tell when Andie's up to her best boyfriend-losing tricks when she looks like she's come straight out of a Laura Ashley catalogue. From telling waiters that Ben called her fat, to invading his weekly boys' night, her most angelic outfits contrast with her most devilish behaviour. Now where did we leave that John Lewis gift card?In 2002, Daniella Westbrook was papped wearing a Burberry check skirt, carrying a Burberry-clad baby and pushing a Burberry pram. In 2003, Andie Anderson wore a Burberry check scarf, carried a Burberry-clad dog and pushed Ben Barry into a Burberry shirt. Coincidence? We think not – but Andie definitely wore it best. That scarf is crying out for a place in our wardrobe. Do we even need to explain this one? Celine is Queen. Top marks if you can get your other half, best bud or work wife to twin with you. Is there anything that says chilled, cool, sexy movie girl more than relaxed hair, a plain white vest and some good jeans? Answer: yes, stick her on a motorbike. This is the point in How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days when the writers are trying to tell us Andie and Ben are actually in ~lUrVe~, so now there's no need for try-hard looks, because everyone is just so comfortable with each other. Andie Anderson does 90s Calvin Klein-ad style well. She was trying to lose the guy, he was trying to woo the girl, but in one slip of yellow fabric Benjamin Barry fell head over heels. Remember when Andie appeared on the steps, Ben said, 'You're beautiful,' and you got chills? Such is the power of this yellow dress, which is so good it made the movie poster AND had us thinking we could pull off something similar at our high school prom. We, like Ben and Andie's intentions, were sadly mistaken.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re on the hunt for a new handbag - let's be real, when aren’t we? - then you’re going to want to see these 15 IT bags. We may only be a mere four months into 2018, but we’re ready to put money down that these artful accessories are going to be the trend-setting staples that have a lifespan far longer than this spring-summer season.May we start by introducing you to Simon Miller’s exceedingly popular Bonsai Bucket Bag, which at £380 is easy to justify on a cost-per-wear basis. Not only has it got a cult following on par with Chloe Sevigny’s wardrobe or say Fellini’s back catalogue, but it’s Net-A-Porter’s Fashion Director’s favourite, which is a seal approval we’re always looking for. Next up is New York-based artisan Susan Alexandra whose beaded bags are favoured by Leandra Medine, Naomi Shimada and Harley Viera-Newton. Following this comes a pretty sequined pouch from Attico, Prada’s iconic nylon rucksack and Gucci’s belt bag and the list goes on.This season's bag trends are united by one thing alone: eccentricity. Whether they are micro-sized or gargantuan in proportions, embellished or minimalist, swung around the waist like a bumbag or worn swinging from a shoulder, each are designed to put your character and personal style at the forefront of your outfit. Now you just have to find the bag that defines you..© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Footwear brand Birkenstock has long reigned as the normcore shoe of choice for summer, thanks in large part to its simple look combined with maximum comfort. This year though, your sandals are about to get a high fashion makeover, courtesy of Opening Ceremony and a whole lot of glitter.First debuted at the fashion house’s Disneyland show, the sparkly flats come in two designs, the Boston, which is a slip-on closed-toe clog, or the classic Arizona, a two-strapped sandal. Featuring the same comfy cork footbed as well as soft fleece uppers, the style of the shoes remain exactly the same – it’s just the outside that has had a makeover. Glitter-wise, you can choose from pink or silver, or both, depending on how much sparkle you can handle. Once you’ve decided on a colour way and style, there’s only one thing left to decide: will you be wearing yours with bare feet, or with ankle socks, à la the show?Fashion has had a thing for so-called ‘ugly shoes’ recently, favouring Gucci’s fluff-lined flat slip-ons, Christopher Kane and Balenciaga’s Crocs collaborations and the omnipresent dad sneaker, so we are predicting big things for these glittery Birkenstocks. Popularised by Phoebe Philo at Celine in 2014, Birkenstocks have been a fashion staple for the past few years, after wallowing in a hippie wasteland for much of their life. Now, with a glittery facelift, they’re set to be worn by every influencer on your Instagram this summer.The capsule collection is available to buy now at openingceremony.com.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Calling all Copy-Kates! You can now get married in a dress that is almost an exact replica of Kate Middleton’s wedding dress, courtesy of H&M’s £150 version.One of the most eagerly anticipated dresses in history, the world’s fashion pundits watched eagle-eyed to discover who had designed the Duchess of Cambridge’s bridal gown, after it was kept top secret until the big day in April 2011.It was revealed to be by none other than Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, with the elegant ivory gown featuring long lace sleeves and a lace panel over the bodice, with a sweet-heart neckline and traditional 1950s-esque A-line silhouette. Intricate details – such as the symbols of each country in the UK – were incorporated, while local artisans were used.Now, H&M is selling a similar long, white dress, with lace sleeves, A-line skirt and sweetheart neckline. Compared to Kate Middleton’s £150,000 version though, this one will only set you back a small fraction of the price at £150. The high-street version does vary slightly though, with a very un-royal keyhole cut-out at the back, and an additional bow belt, plus no flowing train.Seven years on from that royal wedding, history is repeating itself, with the world eagerly awaiting Prince Harry’s upcoming May 19th nuptials to Meghan Markle. Speculation over who has designed the former Suits’ star’s dress is rife, with many looking to Erdem as the most likely man for the job.Click through to see Kate Middleton's best style moments below.Kate Middleton style - Grazia2of40Kate Middleton at the mens singles final of the Wimbledon Championships - July 6, 2014Kate Middleton visits an M-PACT Plus Counselling programme - July 1, 2014Kate Middleton at the ANZAC Day commemorative service - April 25, 2014Kate Middleton at a service during the D-Day 70 Commemorations - June 6, 2014Kate Middleton during an official visit to Bletchley Park - June 18, 2014Kate Middleton and Prince George of Cambridge at the Royal Charity Polo - June 15, 2014Kate Middleton at the Ben Ainslie Racing America's Cup Launch Event - June 10, 2014The Duchess of Cambridge wearing Jonathan Saunders in Scotland - 29th May 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Hobbs at Ayers Rock - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Lela Rose in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Adelaide - 23 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Catherine Walker in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge at Taronga Zoo in Sydney - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic in Uluru - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zimmerman at Manley Beach - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Easter service, Ausralia - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in L.K. Bennett at Amberley Air Base - 19 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Christchurch, New Zealand - 14 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic arriving in Sydney, Australia - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Rebecca Taylor leaving New Zealand - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Diane Von Furstenberg in Blue Mountains, Australia - 17 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara wine tasting in New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jonathan Saunders at rugby in Dunedin, New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Erdem at Avanti Drome in Hamilton, New Zealand - 12 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Emilia Wickstead at Dunedin - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara and J Brand at Auckland harbour, New Zealand - 11 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jenny Packham at State Dinner, New Zealand - 10 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Tory Burch in Wellington, New Zealand - 9 April 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit the Valero Pembroke Refinery, Pembrokeshire, Wales, Britain - 08 Nov 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visits SportsAid event, London, Britain - 12 Nov 2014Royal Variety Performance, London Palladium, Britain - 13 Nov 2014Place2Be Wellbeing in Schools Award, Kensington Palace, London, Britain - 19 Nov 2014EACH Hospices Appeal Launch at The Norwich Showground, Norfolk, Britain - 25 Nov 2014Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William visit to New York, America - 07 Dec 2014New York, America - 08 Dec 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge at the Brooklyn Nets v Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA Basketball match - 08 Dec 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit to New York, America - 09 Dec 2014St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art- 09 Dec 2014Christmas Day Service - 25 Dec 2014© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The kind of words we use to describe plus-size bodies – phrases that try to make up for the stigma and ‘shame’ of being fat – are inherently feminine. Curvy, plump, shapely, voluptuous, thick (and thicc) bring to mind images of goddesses, of renaissance cherubs, whose femininity relied on their fatter frames. The combination sexualisation and feminisation of fat bodies can feel toxic, with many women speaking out about feeling forced to be hyperfeminine to, in a sense, ‘make up’ for being fat, to be seen as ‘desirable’ in the male gaze.This pressure isn’t one just felt by the fat female population, but has toxic implications for trans and non-binary people. For those trying to present as an androgynous figure, how do you battle the automatic conflation between thinness and genderlessness?‘I don’t think I’d be the first person to come to mind if someone thought of a non-binary person,’ comments Candice Armah, a black DJ who has recently opened for Mykki Blanco and runs their own queer Brighton club night Gal Pals, ‘It’s hard enough being acknowledged as non-binary when we’re not even currently recognised or explicitly protected by the law, but being plus size means I don’t fit those expected representations.’Paloma, a 24 year old Brooklynite, recognises that being fat – a term they prefer used over plus size – affects every aspect of their experience as not only a non-binary person, but a Latinx one too. ‘Every step of the way, my fat body shapes my experience.’ They postulate.‘I guarantee if I was skinnier, I would have had an easier time with dating, exploring my gender, being validated by my queer peers and society as a whole. Casual fatphobia is one of the strongest forms of oppression that we need to tackle in 2018’, They believe.All three interviewees agree: Existing under any other intersection of oppressed identity is harder while fat. Safe spaces do exist for plus size, non-binary people but as Yasmin Metcalfe, a 20-year-old from South East London points out, many of these spaces exist within ‘a “safer” more accepting bubble.’While queer communities are more naturally inclusive, fatphobia can still run riot: Paloma describes their experiences as mainly negative within these spheres, ‘So much fatphobic bullshit happens every day in queer spaces, online and in person. Plenty of people who call themselves liberals openly hate fat bodies and [only] celebrate skinny bodies. I've had people desexualise my body in queer spaces because I'm fat. People don't believe I'm actually trans or gay because of how I present myself.’From not being taken seriously to, ‘abuse shouted at me outside my own door regarding my size and appearance’ as Metcalfe recounts, the issues against plus size, non-binary people are microaggressions, that fight against that person’s self-worth. These often come from within the community itself, Paloma points out, ‘My last long term partner didn't read me as non-binary or someone who they could find attractive until I called them out on it.’When ‘popular representations have equated being non-binary to being slim, white and androgynous’ and ‘gender fluidity is usually limited to those with thin bodies and minimal curves’’ it becomes harder for plus size, non-binary people to know how they want to present themselves, even before considering outside pressures. If you’ve never seen yourself represented in the wider world, how do you know how to present yourself and your gender?For those who present in a butch way, it’s a little easier, according to Candice. ‘Society has always accepted menswear as ‘gender neutral’, which affords me some privilege,’ They comment, ‘When I say that I’m non-binary, people believe me and people even assume my pronouns before asking me. We have some ways to go before feminine presenting non-binary people have the same courtesies extended to them.’‘It would be a lot easier for everyone if we left our assumptions about what non-binary people have to look like at the door,’ Candice concludes, and the idea is one that can be applied to all marginalised groups: Don’t assume what fat people are meant to look like, don’t assume what non-binary people are meant to look like, and if you’re in a position where you’re representing a diverse group, make sure every kind of person is visibleThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hot on the heels (sorry) of her collaboration with Champion, model-DJ Harley Viera-Newton has designed a new shoe collection for Butterfly Twists.When Viera-Newton isn't designing for her vintage-inspired dress label HVN she is sitting front row at fashion shows or spinning records at the world's coolest after parties. Ergo, this girl does a lot of travelling. It was while she was jet-setting that the US-based It girl was inspired to design this collection of ultra-feminine footwear.'With my work, I have the luxury to travel and I get most of my inspiration when I am. I like to look at what people are wearing in the different cities that I visit,' she explains. For her, Tokyo has generated a lot of ideas (and fed her love of vintage t-shirts), it's also perceptible in this collection that takes the Kawaii concept and matures it into an appealing proposition.Anyone familiar with her line of retro-twinged frocks, which are beloved by Selena Gomez, Alexa Chung and Emily Ratkowski, will immediately see that these playful ballet pumps are an extension of the collection. Designed in mesh and pastel shades, they compliment her tight edit of girlish slips and tea dresses. Her design vocabulary has always been aligned with kooky prints, like cherries and eccentric florals or wild leopard, so it's only natural that this new collaboration picks up where it leaves off with heart decor and gingham.Put simply she said, 'I love flats’, adding, 'They are extremely comfortable and I know that is one of the most important things for so many women, comfort is key.'Priced between £50 - £75, the collection will be available in April 2018 from Butterfly Twists and selected retailers.Credit: HARLEY VIERA-NEWTONCredit: HARLEY VIERA-NEWTONCredit: HARLEY VIERA-NEWTONCredit: HARLEY VIERA-NEWTON© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The concept of an ‘investment’ item often seems farcical - will that beautiful, but statement cardigan really retain its value after its gone bobbly in the wash? And, it may make sense to increase your wardrobe’s portfolio with those stiletto’s but will they continue to deliver dividends once their heel is worn down and the British weather has had its way? That said, there is one item for purchase that not only retains its value but, like the property market before 2008 or the art industry, increases.The resale market for handbags, albeit only luxury ones, has hit fever pitch. The Financial Times reported that these investment-grade accessories increased in value by 8 per cent year-on-year between 2004 and 2016. Unfortunately, this doesn’t apply to your Topshop tote, but bags with restricted supply, like the Chanel 2.55 Flap Bag or limited edition Louis Vuitton art collaborations. For instance, in a medium-size, this Chanel handbag rose in value by 230 per cent between 2004 and 2016. The accessories themselves don’t need to be ‘classics’, or even extremely beautiful (though they are often both), they just require a lack of availability and an inaccessible price tag. Part of the hidden economy of this industry comes from the designers themselves who fluctuate their handbag's price in line with inflation and whim. In accordance, the bag's value may increase purely on the basis you purchased it at a lesser rate than it is for sale now.It was reported, by Racked, that designer bags in box fresh condition can retain 63% of their retail value, however, it’s the rare and limited edition numbers that increase. For instance, Hermes, the proprietors of the Kelly and Birkin silhouettes that always have long waiting lists, ‘are remarkably consistent in retaining value, even during a down market’, said Tradesy CEO Tracy DiNunzio. Similarly, Goyard can increase in value by 1.3 per cent while brands like Louis Vuitton may fluctuate in value depending more on trends and celebrity ambassadors.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion industry has a problem, an addiction even, and it does nothing to keep in check. No anonymous meetings, no admonishment, no illegal drugs (though, of course, there’s been a history of that too). In fact, it’s shrouded in whispers, which seems fitting as its problem is gossip. Not necessarily catty, but definitely chatty - the talk in question travels fast and facts, like belts, get loosened when the fatty, juicy subject is indulged in.The latest victim of the mill is Anna Wintour. Nicknamed ‘Nuclear Wintour’ after her frosty persona, you’d think that Page Six, who kickstarted the latest round of gossip, would be more wary of the Condé Nast editor.Earlier this month, it was reported that Wintour, 68, might be stepping aside later this year after publishing her final September issue after overseeing the magazine for some 30 years. The American tabloid reported that British Vogue’s current editor Edward Enninful is a possible replacement.Wintour wouldn’t be the only editor to be eyeing greener pastures as recently, Elaine Welteroth left Teen Vogue, Graydon Carter has made his exit from Vanity Fair, Cindy Leive followed suit at Glamour and Alexandra Schulman stood down of editrix of British Vogue after 25 years in 2017.Since rising from Editor-in-Chief of the US edition to artistic director of Condé, Wintour has overseen the closure of style.com, Teen Vogue, Self and Detail’s print publications. She’s also wielded untold power in the industry - making and breaking designers, brands, celebrities and sports stars. For her to leave it would beg the question where would she go? Would Wintour quietly slip into retirement?This isn’t the first time that it’s been suggested that the British-born publishing giant might be considering a career change. Since 2009 there have been whispers of Wintour’s ‘Discontent’. News also leaked that she was ‘angling’ for an Ambassador post in London.Condé Nast has firmly rebutted the Page Six story, telling The Cut: ‘There’s zero truth to the story’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Coachella is next weekend, which means one thing: summer is almost here. I don’t know about you, but I have certain yearly signposts that mark the beginning, end and middle of a season. For me, the start of the festival calendar means packing away the sweaters and retiring the tights until the leaves start falling. With this in mind, it’s time to talk spring-summer fashion. What does that mean in 2018? And, what should a modern millennial woman be buying?One thing’s for sure, shopping in this day and age is about making sensible grown-up decisions, even if you’re deciding to spend your hard earned dosh on something as ephemeral as a sparkly plastic barrette. With inflation rising at a rate our salary’s can’t keep up, make your purchases wisely. These 11 items from Mango aren’t mere momentary flights of fancy, they are trained for the long haul, able to keep your wardrobe on point for months and months to comeDebrief Mango Spring Fashion2of11This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I have tended throughout my life to treat floaty dresses much in the same way I do my weekly morning spin class – with extreme disdain and trepidation. As a person who can (and will) wear black jeans in every possible context - even on a summer holiday in the scorching depths of Barbados - they just really aren’t my thing.But it’s 2018, Donald Trump is president, Kylie Jenner has a baby, Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux split up, and basically, anything is possible. So what better time than the now to face my fear of dresses with the aid of our friends at Whistles?Whistles, Lips Print Tie Neck Dress, £195; Whistles, Koki Lace Up Trainer, £99It's a mark of just how inexperienced I am with fancy dresses that this took me about 35 minutes (slight exaggeration) to even put on. However, if you, unlike me, are able to get your head around the intricate mechanisms of a necktie, you'll be fine.I am obsessed with the pattern and colours on this dress and felt very elegant while wearing it.Whistles, Ka,a;a Belted Spot Shirt Dress, £159; Whistles, Koki Lace Up Trainer, £99This was the first time I've worn polka dot in about 10 years, so this outfit's worth it for the nostalgia alone. I'd recommend pairing this dress with a pair of dramatic black heeled boots. This will reduce your chances of resembling some sort of secretary from the 1980s, like I do here.Whistles, Sonia Lips Print Jumpsuit, £189; Whistles, Koki Lace Up Trainer, £99This is the look I'd feel most confident rocking at da cluub. The red lip pattern reminded me slightly of my Tammy Girl days but in a very, very good way. I'm also a huge fan of the navy-red combination, it's sophisticated but striking.Whistles, Carla Sport Trim Dress, £279; Whistles, Koki Lace Up Trainer, £99When I first saw this dress, I was taken back to the late 90s when I used to try on old, vastly too-big-for-me dresses that used to belong to various great grandmas in an unspecified early 20th century bygone era.  But having tried it on, I'm a huge, huge fan. It's kinda OTT, and I probably wouldn't wear it to work or a casual trip to the cinema, but I still very much think I need it in my life. Whistles, Mini Tulip Tie Neck Dress, £195; Whistles, Koki Lace Up Trainer, £99This look is one I can most realistically see myself incorporating into my daily life. Unlike the above, it's very work-appropriate – and can easily be jazzed up for dinners, nights out, etc etc.Whistles, Alma Tulip Print Wrap Jumpsuit, £189; Whistles, Koki Lace Up Trainer, £99The shape of this outfits made me feel fancy as fuck (can't work out why – maybe the sleeves?), and I'd feel very comfortable wearing this in everyday life.  This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Temper the drama of this season’s wackiest trends - like plastic, fringing and rainbow sequins - with monochrome. Green in all its glorious, grassy, grainy, khaki and neon forms is modern, sharp and probably already hiding in your wardrobe. Whether you like yours trussed up in a coat or played-down in denim, you should be getting your greens this spring in anyway you can. For a shortcut to contemporary cool give these 8 styling tips a try. @cphfw #fashion#week#fashionweek#inspiration #green#totallygreen #onthestreet#streetstyle#streetfashion#streetlook#sunglasses#lacosteA post shared by  The Style Stalker (@thestylestalkercom) on Aug 26, 2017 at 11:20am PDTHere is fundamental evidence that green can make something as seemingly unappealing as sports shorts worn high on the waist with a tucked in t-shirt into a strong sartorial moment.Suit up in a boiler suit with a matching bag to make a one-piece wonder really sing. Just a 🐸 hopping into a cab  @thevolon #thevolon Ph. @danrobertsstudioA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Mar 1, 2018 at 4:44am PSTThis vibrant shade takes to texture like a duck to water. Find a fluffy coat and make it your best friend and you won’t regret it. We like how it turns up the heat on denim and a simple stripey top. 💚 @voguemagazine 💚 . . . . . . . #wiw #philoh #streetstyle #pfw #pfw2018 #fashionistas #greenfur #hoodie #outside #trending #melodytrend #frntr0w #cold #logosweater #captured #photographed #fashionfuckeryfemalesA post shared by  MELODY TREND (@frntr0w) on Mar 5, 2018 at 6:18am PSTStylist Melody Trend platforms her thoughts in a thoughtful way by using her hoodie as her billboard. The addition a fluffy coat and jogging bottoms are as on point as her slogan. @cameramoda ▪️#NoFreePhotos #milan#milano#milanfashionweek#style#stylish#dress#jeans#bag#onthestreet#fashion#week#fashionweek#szymonbrzoska #stylestalker#turquoiseA post shared by  The Style Stalker (@thestylestalkercom) on Sep 24, 2017 at 5:31am PDTProblem: how do you wear a party dress to work? Answer: the solution lies in denim and heels. Socks ВЕСНА #yuliayefimtchuk #spring #socks #mood #style #весна #lookA post shared by  YULIA YEFIMTCHUK+ (@yuliayefimtchuk) on Mar 3, 2018 at 12:42pm PSTA good outfit starts with strong foundations and we’re not referring to your underwear. These lime green stilettos may seem like an odd addition to a check suit, but they are just what it needs to stop it veering into Theresa May territory. @bat_gio @parisfashionweek #paris#parisfashionweek#style#stylish#bag#onthestreet#fashion#week#fashionweek#szymonbrzoska #stylestalker #tumblrgirlA post shared by  The Style Stalker (@thestylestalkercom) on Oct 1, 2017 at 12:46am PDTMustard and chartreuse are the unexpected power couple that makes green sing. Taking notes of this block colour dressing. 🐢🐢🐢 #lottaliinaloveA post shared by  🦋MEDIUM SIZE DADDY🦋 (@lottaliinalove) on Jan 28, 2018 at 3:56am PSTNot convinced? Ease yourself into this roughage diet with just a hint of green. Blue Jeans and grassy tones make for a combination as iconic as PB & J, Rachel and Ross and Sonny and Cher.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hear that? A few short months before wedding season begins in earnest, it’s the sound of this summer’s glut of fancy envelopes and Pinterest-ing notecards falling through your letterbox, each asking for the pleasure of your company at some far-flung countryside location. Or maybe it’s the ping of an email inbox slowly filling with Paperless Post missives, each one asking you to save the date, or the Whatsapp notifications calling you up for plus-one duties at the last minute. Whichever way, the outcome’s the same. From your mid-twenties onwards, it’s a given that you’ll spend at least one third of your annual leave happily playing a bit-part in your friends’ personal rom-coms – and that you’ll spend a sizeable proportion of your monthly budget on dressing for the occasion.Hunting down the perfect wedding guest dress can prove time-consuming and expensive, but in recent years the high street has really stepped up its game when it comes to affordable occasionwear, whether that’s ASOS’s mix-and-match bridesmaids gowns, Whistles’ fashion-forward bridal range or Topshop’s ever-reliable edit of event-appropriate dresses, jumpsuits or separates. New to the game is H&M, who have just launched their Wedding Shop, a selection of fashion-forward dresses for brides, bridesmaids and guests. Options for guests include simple maxi dresses in pastel hues or bold red, a shorter style with an eye-catching crossover front and full skirt, available in a handful of jewel tones or a sleek jumpsuit in a subtle floral print. Crucially, all these pieces sit comfortably on the more affordable end of the spectrum, with prices for dresses starting at around the £40 mark.For those who are heading down the aisle, the bridal silhouettes are fluid and modern: a £149.99 maxi dress with barely-there lace sleeves is a standout, while those looking for something a little less traditional could choose the ivory gown with a very Carrie Bradshaw ballerina skirt, or the ‘60s-style mini shift dress. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Adidas, along with Wanderlust music and wellness festival has teamed up with environmental initiative a Parley for the Oceans, to create a new yoga, meditation and running collection that is environmentally friendly and inspired by the power of the oceans.Last year the pioneering sportwear giant designed a range of sneakers made out of recycled ocean plastic, which the adidas CEO Kasper Rosted told CNBC sold ‘1 million shoes made out of ocean plastic’ in 2017 alone. But this year, sees their foray into integrating recycled fabrics into their performance apparel too.So what exactly is environmentally friendly about this collaboration? The brand has teamed its performance technology with recycled materials like Parley Ocean Plastic ™ and ECONYL® regenerated yarn, to create a collection designed specifically with Yoga’s wide range of poses and movement in mind. The collection starts at £32.95 for a sports bra, with yoga leggings coming in at £59.95, and is available to buy from the adidas website now.This is welcome news, as recently customers have grown more and more uncomfortable relying on Lycra and other non-recyclable fabrics which make up the majority of activewear products. Adidas follow in the steps of American adventuring brand Patagonia, who led the way back in 2008, when they partnered with Yulex. While designing their own range of wetsuits, the label became aware of how environmentally damaging Neoprene (petrochemical refined from crude oil), which most wetsuits are made from really is. As a response to this, along with Yulex they developed a renewable, plant-based replacement for Neoprene which comes from hevea trees in Forest Stewardship Council certified plantations in Guatemala. Let’s hope that where these two great sportswear and adventure-wear brands have led, the rest of the industry will follow.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bras, like some knickers and more socks than we’d like to admit, have this mysterious ability to lurk in your life long after there sell-by date. These misshapen garments make themselves known the minute you put them on by their greying, sagging sadness. They’ve been through the wash one too many times and like a bad boyfriend they don’t support you, instead, they insist on lolling. They feel like holding hands with someone who doesn’t have the strength or willpower to really clasp you. Yes, it’s still comforting but no it’s not the same.I, for one have bras that no longer fit me, that are no longer the colour I bought them and are certainly not fit for purpose. Figleaves Garment technologist Victoria Shelton explains: ‘Most bras contain elastane that stretches over time, this is why it is recommended to have a few bras on the go rather than wearing one bra for three days in a row. Giving the bra a rest over time will give the elastane and stretch fabrics a chance to revert back to their natural shape.’We hold onto our old lingerie for several reasons, but fashion psychologist Dawnn Karen believes we do this because of nostalgia. 'I have a theory that that I have coined called focal accessories, which refers to] an item that holds psychological value of the past, present and future', she explains, 'it reminds of us of a date in the past, of a feeling'. Mind Fashion's [Caroline Zaidan adds that it can be as simple as, 'due to a lack of caring about its appearance as it's under our clothes'. And, it's that which we struggle to throw-away, not the item itself.‘Washing helps to revert the fabrics back to their natural shape', says Shelton, 'but over washing can cause the opposite effect,’ reveals Shelton. There’s no winning here. However, when it comes to cleaning your brassier, Julia Mercer, Marks & Spencer’s Bra Fit Expert and Technical Manager, said you should, ‘always fasten your bras before washing as it helps avoid any pulling and snagging on the hooks and eyes…The best temperature for washing is 40 degrees in order for this to be hygienically clean.’ Shelton adds that delicates require milder detergents, so be aware what you’re washing your undies in may be prematurely ageing them.Rather than dumping it straight in the tumble dryer, which can give the cups that dreaded cracked appearance, ‘reshape padded bras in your hands when damp will help to keep its shape.’So your bra’s dry you just plonk it in a drawer, right? Wrong. ‘When caring and storing for moulded or padded bras, it is best to store them stacked behind each other rather than folding and damaging the cups’, says Shelton. M&S’ Mercer agrees, ‘this stops them from getting squashed in your drawer and helps then retain their shape for longer.’But say you’ve cleaned it, dried it and stored it right, sadly that’s not enough to ensure the longevity of an item that’s so sole purpose on earth is to keep a body part suspended higher than gravity intends it to be. ‘For regular wear and washing a bra can last six months or more depending on great wash care and storage,’ confides Shelton. There you have it, you’ve got a mere half a year if you’re lucky.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For some reason, the March payday feels like one of the best. There’s none of the gloominess of paying off excessive Christmas spending (we’re looking at you January), but also wedding season hasn’t properly kicked off either, so you’re not haemorrhaging each month's paychecks on Yurts (for you) and Kenwoods (for them) just yet. This chunk of salary, this one’s all for you.So what might you need – or want – this week? Well there’s Easter weekend to think about first – shopping trips, lunches, family time, catch-ups and perhaps even a cheeky little city break? Such a smorgasbord of non-workwear-plans require some fresh new outfits, and finally, the weather might be warm enough to archive our coats and really get into SS’18 properly. We can almost feel the breeze on our bare ankles already.If you’re off to warmer weather poolside or beach holiday, some great swimwear, sandals and cover-ups are going to be pretty essential too. From the perfect sun dress from sister duo We Are Leone, to Miss Selfridge’s satin mules which look much more spenny than their high street price tag, your Easter break is about to get a whole lot more stylish...Wear it over jeans now with slip on silky mules, or to the beach over a swimsuit for hot-weather holidays. Payday Buys For Easter Weekend 2018 GRAZIA1of27The perfect combination of the more-is-more, and minimalist trends in one magical mule. Your jeans and jumper just got a serious upgrade.Bucket bags are big business this season, and this chain-detail wristlet style by Wang ticks a lot of other trend boxes too. Upgrade your most-loved gold hoops to these trinkety resin SS'18 wonders. The fashion trainers for SS'18 are big, bold, technical-looking and kind of geeky. Ganni have made the perfect pair. An easy-as way to nod to the 80s trend without having to battle with shoulder pads. Belt your blazer, knitwear, shirt-dress, you name it.A modern take on the much-loved 90s slip dress this is slinky but still smart. Not to be left behind for any weekend getaways going forward.Layer this under last summer's slip dress, or wear with high-rise jeans and mules right now. Flats that are one-part tough and one-party tassled, will always be a warm-weather win in our books.Very soon, coats will be just a distant memory, and it'll become way more important that our jumpers are on point. This one indisputably is. Wear with wide-leg white jeans for extra street style pow! If you like your footwear to resemble modernist art and architecture, then you're not alone – London brand Neous already have quite the fan following, and are stocked in Browns and Net-a-Porter.Straight leg jeans that are so simple (read, not distressed) that they are in fact super smart. The ultimate summer top which we'd recommend steering well clear of Spag Bol and red wine in. Bring the galaxy to the beach with this halterneck bikini featuring high-waist bottoms, perfect to help create the illusion of a nipped-in waist.A little bit sporty but definitely, grown-up enough to wear with kitten heels and a shirt on Friday nights. Dolly Parton meets The Breakfast Club, we're not sure a more perfect piece of denim exists. The most elegant of slip-ons which are far too precious to ever be left in that pile under your desk. You've been warned.It comes as no surprise that a label set up by the former Fashion Director at Reformation, would be sensational. Case in point? The wondrous wide-strides.Ruffles + polka dots + raffia? Not sure anyone has ever loved a maths equation as much as we do this one. Wedding season most definitely, sorted.The perfect little somethin' somethin' to pack for an Easter break abroad.You'd be forgiven for thinking these cost a million pounds because dammit they look pricey. They are in fact from Miss Selfridge, and cost less than most trips to the cinema. Wear it over jeans now with slip on silky mules, or to the beach over a swimsuit for hot-weather holidays. Remember when those 80s pointed-toe slingbacks weren't a thing? Us neither, thankfully. These tomato orange babies are as cool with jeans as they are your pinstripes.Sweatpants which are as right wear with a smart knit and mules as they are with trainers for your gym session. This little treasure is both practical and pretty, and will upgrade your Mon-Fri look considerably. A retro one-piece in the universally flattering shade of baby blue, this is a great thing of beauty, and worth braving the cool waters of your local Lido for.That half-moon shape and bracelet handle make a high street straw bag look a whole lot more luxury. Wear now, and all summer long. It is almost worth crashing a random's wedding for an excuse to wear this perfect party dress by Ganni. Almost…© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s an easy solution if you’ve ever wanted to reach the top shelf, to see above a crowd of gig-goers or just feel that extra inch taller in a dress that doesn’t require suffering in a pair of stilettos. It doesn’t require surgery or cost a fortune. In fact, it’s comfortable and affordable and it’s available on Amazon. It’s called heel lifts.Commonly, they look like insoles and were first produced for a serious medical purpose. Originally these padded wads were slipped into shoes to help patients balance out different leg length, had stressed out their Achilles’ tendons or had an uneven gait. However, over the years a certain school of fashion editor have been tucking these into their trainers to add a couple of inches to their height.At 5ft 3inches I am anything but tall, however with my shoe lifts snuck into my loafers I can an extra six centimetres on without anyone realizing. Several years ago (2012) Isabel Marant lured the fashion community into her cult leg-lengthening trainers explaining: ‘Sneakers are so comfortable but at the same time it’s not very elegant … to have a little heel in it makes a difference, it gives you legs’. Hers with inbuilt wedges had Kate Bosworth, Miranda Kerr and Rosie Huntington-Whitley as fans, but also cost a small fortune. With a pair of heel lifts you can have the same effect but for the grand total of £9.Opening my first pair of shoe lifts was an eye-opening experience. For one, I was surprised to see that mine, from Footinsole, had harnessed the power of Nike’s Airmax’s with an in-built air-pocket, which makes them feel lighter and like walking on a cloud. There are three height options, which can be built up with pieces that you plug-in, so you can mix it up throughout the day. However, the element I was most taken aback by was how inconspicuous they are. They slide into boots (healed or otherwise), and any number of types of shoes.Working like a wedge, they elevate your foot just enough that it feels supported, which makes me think this might be a safer alternative for anyone wobbly in heels. Plus, it puts less pressure on one part of your foot, which means pain has no part in this game.After a week of stuffing my day-to-day shoes with these insoles, I learnt three valuable lessons. Firstly, being taller has its benefits. And, secondly, this is not a suitable solution for every shoe. Those few centimetres may not sound like much, but the reality was different. I could reach the top handle on the tube with added ease and I felt commanding in a room, without feeling unbalanced on wobbly heels. However, I stretched a good number of my favourite shoes out of shape with these unsightly slip-ins. RIP favourite Mary-Janes.I tried the 3-Layer Height Increase Elevator Shoe Insoles, Currently priced at £8.95.Prices are correct at time of publishing nd apply to purchases from Amazon.co.uk. For latest prices, please visit Amazon.co.ukThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nike Unlaced as a concept is as groundbreaking as it is long overdue. First previewed during Paris fashion week in February but officially launching today, it is: ‘a fantasy sneaker destination for women.’For too long the world of sneakerheads and hypebeasts have been dominated by men. Even Nike, a progressive brand in terms of fabrication, production and product development, has waited until 2018 to create a women's-only corner of the internet dedicated to trainers - both for performance and lifestyle.The founders of Supreme, Palace, Off-White, Thames London amongst many other streetwear labels are men. The people who model their collections are men. And, yet the clientele isn’t solely men. ‘Most streetwear originally grew out of male-dominant industries but that doesn’t really answer why it’s still seen as a mens-only thing now, it doesn’t really make sense,’ explains Hypebeast’s editor Jason Dike, ‘a shoe is a shoe at the end of the day.’It’s not about making footwear unisex, but catering to women’s feet in a new manner. For instance, sizing has been expanded so women with their nuanced shape feet (higher arches and slimmer silhouettes than men) can shop collaborative collections such as Virgil Abloh X Nike The TEN. New personalized styling and installations and collaborations with the brand’s creative voices, like A.L.C.’s Andrea Lieberman and i-D’s Julia Sarr-Jamois, form the backbone of this new project.Julie Igarashi, VP, creative director for Nike Women’s brand explains the thinking behind Unlaced: ‘We talked to a lot of women as we were developing this concept about their experience buying shoes and found that there’s something that actually changes in the chemistry of somebody’s body when they’re on the hunt and when they’re shopping for shoes in particular. And women asking us to just give me my fantasy. Give me this dream sneaker closet. Give me access to it.’The Debrief: What has ‘Unlaced’ taught you about the female consumer?Julie Igarashi: ‘I think first and foremost that women are multi-dimensional and women have many different ways of expressing our style and connecting of to product. And, women are leading the future of the emergence of health and wellness in culture and connecting the dots between that desire to be good to our bodies with what we put on them and sneakers becoming an extension or obstruction of self and identity.’TD: How many shoes do Nike design for men versus how many are designed for women?JI: ‘I don’t know the exact numbers - I will say that our interest here in Unlaced is to open up all of Nike and the best of Nike for women. It’s about providing access to men’s sneakers in unisex sizing that women will have access to. It’s about tuning and designing for women and sometimes that’s taking a unisex model and changing the colour, the materials, the finishes and the details and even sometimes changing the performance attributes of it. We’ve tuned our airbags slightly differently for women than for men so on the surface you might see very similar shoes but the sensation of when you put your foot in it is going to be tuned to the fact that women prefer a softer, more cushioned feeling on their foot. If you look at the shoe and the men and women’s version are very similar but it’s just a softer vibe. So we’re tuning the performance, we’re redesigning from the material-colour standpoint and offering these favourites in a wide range of colours.’TD: May I ask – why was the Virgil shoe not available in female sizes to begin with?JI: ‘I don’t know the answer to that. I know that we’ve had a great response from women when we offer a product in her size. Our One-Reimagined product, which launched this past month, had women queuing up around the store for it, so there’s obviously a really big demand and women want access to Nike products.’TD: Why do you think the expectation is that sneakerheads are men?JI: ‘People like Julia Sarr-Jamois wouldn’t call herself a sneakerhead but has such a knowledge and a connection to sneakers. You know, when I think about it to the context of women today I think that definition is opening and broadening and becoming a lot more multidimensional and interesting because it’s about a passion for your style and how you express it.’TD: Who do you find is more adventurous with their shoes – men or women?JI: ‘I’m really inspired by what women are doing with sneakers. It is incredible to see how they’ve taken styles that are very familiar to us like the blazer, the AJ1 and what they’ve paired it with has been wildly inspiring.’This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From big high-street hits to slick designer investments, this week's round-up has it all...A black cross-body bag is a take-anywhere wardrobe staple. Update yours with this steal from one of our style ed's favourite online brands.Lust list - Grazia March2of36A black cross-body bag is a take-anywhere wardrobe staple. Update yours with this steal from one of our style ed's favourite online brands.Yes, track pants are still, well, on track. And who doesn't love a trouser that's comfy and chic? Wear to the office with a crisp white shirt and heels.Elegant, grown up and on trend (pearls are hot right now), these earrings are the perfect spring accessory update.We want it on anything American-inspired - a huge trend for spring - and this Calvin Klein block colour shirt is the one the fash pack wants.We're transported to sun-drenched beaches when we gaze upon these dreamy flatforms. Time to book those flights!Fact: leopard print never dates. Try it on this season's must-have mules - and wear them with everything.New and exclusive to Browns Fashion: bag brand Tara Zadeh. We're making eyes at this circle wristlet bag - in place of an evening clutch.This brilliant summer shopper has a high-street price tag, but do carry a brolly - this beauty can't get wet. Eek!Meet your access-all-areas trousers. Dress down with cool kicks or up with statement heels and these will work hard for you.Isn't this 18kt Yellow Gold bracelet the stuff that dreams are made of? Perfect for the minimalist lover, we think.This gathered square-neckline top will look just the job with tailored black trousers and slip-on sneaks.Wear this cross-over top now with a wide-leg chino for a 2018 spin on spring workwear.The perfect gift for you or a loved one, we adore this Links of London ring. Try mixing your metals and stones.Mix up your workwear wardrobe with this fresh take on suiting, or break it up and try the trousers with a charcoal knit and loafers.Come Spring, you won't take these off. Wear with everything from your jeans to cocktail dresses.How to do smart-casual now: tuck a slim-fit top into these paper-bag waist trousers and add barely there heels.If the bold block brights trend is a little too much for you, try muted block shades like this bottle-green full skirt.These sculptural heels from Mango are real show-stoppers.Yep, it's the trend that's going from strength to strength. If full cowgirl vibes aren't for you, try these Western stoping boots for size.This ditsy floral long-sleeve mididress from fashion favourite Kitri is modesty dressing at its finest.Beach please! This throw-it-all-in straw bag is just the right amount of practical and jolly.Dream trainers for spring. Team with everything from a summer dress to off-duty denim.OK, this dress is a buy-now-keep-until-summer style. Tan sandals and a straw basket bag will make for a lust-worthy sunny-day look.This jumpsuit is smart enough to be a wedding dress alternative - think chic city ceremony. Or it's the perfect switch-up for occasion dressing.Add this stylish bag to your SS18 wardrobe and we bet you'll have heads turning wherever you go.Do you dare to try this season's biggest sunnies trend - the micro? Start with this cat's eye style.Red satin with gorgeous heel detail... we're following the yellow brick road to buy them now.Comfy and sparkly! Try flatbed sandals with everything and put a spring in your step.Buy this now and wear it forever (think cost per wear) and this hot red looks fab on all skin tones.Chic woven pumps at this price? Yes! Topstitching, super turn-ups, chic button detail: these high-waisted jeans are the stuff of denim dreams.We're crushing on this neutral vinyl trench. The perfect answer to April showers.Not to be missed, these graphic co-ords are perfect for city weddings, teamed with heels. Or wear with loafers to up your workwear game.This luxe trench is the answer to your 'What is the weather doing?' woes. And it's tres chic.Always in, aviator sunnies are a fail-safe buy. Try an update on the classic with these heavy frames - and bring on the sunshine.Preen's latest collaboration with Debenhams is a capsule collection of stunning occasion dresses. That's wedding season sorted.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some people wait what feels like a lifetime to dust off their floral floaty frocks and embrace Spring’s finery each year. But hyper-feminine, bohemian buys truly aren’t for everyone, and if covering-up or dressing modestly is your MO, alas there’s a new trend in town, just for you.The definition of boiler suits (in the fashion sense) is unclear, to say the least – constantly blurring are the lines between what exactly is a boiler suit, utility jumpsuit or dungaree. While no two boiler suits are created equal, you’ll recognise most by some distinguishing features: Flap chest pockets feature heavily, as do D-rings, detachable tie belts and straight legs.Make like the droves of fashion editors at fashion week and layer a lightweight turtleneck and pointed-toe ankle boots with yours now, while we’re still subjected to freezing climes. Then when the warmer weather rolls around, ditch the layers if you like and wear with lots of layered-up trinket necklaces. Add a bumbag and sandals or sneakers for daytime chilling, and a cross-body mini-bag and heels for date-night dinner plans. Long-sleeve or short, heavy-duty or silk, there’s one for everyone out there. We’ve rounded up the very best out in our gallery below.A slinky version of the classic utility boiler suit, this one nods to the trend while keeping the silhouette neat and chic. Grazia Best Boiler Suits For SS'182of16A slinky version of the classic utility boiler suit, this one nods to the trend while keeping the silhouette neat and chic. If regular shirt collars aren't your style, this grandfather-shirt style fastening is prim, proper and relaxed all at once.Loving boiler suits and loving pastel pinks don't have to be separate past times. This one is purely made from linen and cotton so will be your scorching-hot summer saviour.What's so cool about this one is it has been created by reworking an old Levi's shirt and jeans, to create something altogether greater than the sum of its parts. If you're frame is more petite than it is tall, we recommend going for a short-sleeve cut to stop the jumpsuit from drowning you in fabric. This from Arket is one of the best.If ever there was one you could take to work, it'd be this smart style from Mango. If your favourite jeans and favourite khaki pants came together to create a jumpsuit, it would be this relaxed-but-smart beauty from Alex Chung's label.If fitted is more your flow, zip yourself into this beauty by Stella McCartney, which is a little bit catsuit, a little bit boiler suit, and an awful lot lustworthy.This V-neck version is the perfect party pairing for your newest, highest heels. Boiler suits come in shorter-lengths too, and the addition of these satin panels and belt means this little one is a big win for nights out. Boiler suits can be sleeveless too, and this one is just the right side of Safari. Admittedly this one is terribly expensive, but the way Miu Miu has managed to make a jumpsuit look both elegant and authentically like it could belong to a mechanic is awesome. Sure, it isn't loaded with pockets as you'd expect, but the full coverage, zip front and drop waist make this the most legit boiler suit of them all. Layer this beauty over a slim-fit thin turtleneck sweater for casual Friday excellence.If you've got height on your size, indulge in a voluminous denim boiler suit, complete with rolled-up hems. Ditch the belt if the whole thing feels too bulky.Slim-fit and free from buckles and belts, this guy is minimal at its best. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fine people at Pinterest know a thing or two about interiors. Apparently, there are over 14 billion interiors pins on there, and we, the Pinterest-using public pin over 12 million home décor pins every month. And that’s in the UK alone, which is mind-boggling. The planning platform have just done a whole load of data-pulling, and the biggest home décor trends according to who’s pinning what, are in. Not only has Alessandro Michele’s love for maximalist decked us out in a whole new wardrobe (the trickle-down from Gucci to High Street is real), but our homes get a makeover too. Saves for Maximalism are up +121%, with bold colours, clashing patterns and kitsch accessories reigning supreme.With saves for pins up a massive +186%, expect to recognise the director’s highly stylised interiors at all your friend’s houses this year. Think pretty pink hues via The Grand Budapest Hotel are you’re on the right track.Originally created as a poured composite for flooring and worktops in the 1970s, you can expect to see the mixed-media marbling on everything from walls to notebooks this year thanks to a +305% rise in pinning.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Stymied in your attempts to buy into this spring’s trends without spending a veritable fortune? Take a deep breath. Prepare yourself for Grazia’s high street edit. It’s a deluxe tour of what salubrious and affordable outfitters have to offer for spring summer 2018 if we do say so ourselves.There are bargains to be hunted, trends to be tried and forever buys to be found. Let us take you into the warmer months with a head-to-toe reevaluation of what’s worth wearing and what needs retiring. Consider this your wardrobe's spring cleaning treat.Forget starting with the feet up, and think about upgrading your jeans with dark denim first. Next, style out sandals with tailoring and introduce raw and natural fabrics to transition difficult catwalk looks into real life ensembles. Print, both bold and subtle, takes on a new appeal for spring and introduces itself to other appealing concepts, like fringing, embellishment and kitten heals.Let your wanderlust roam free with swimsuits, kaftans and Jane Birkin worthy basket bags. Discover now the sunglasses to buy that you won’t feel heartbroken over leaving them on the beach. When not jet-setting make minimal effort but have maximum payoff with wide-leg trousers, flares and trench coats.When it comes to summer soirees make sure you turn up the heat on the party, not your credit card statement. Love texture and tailoring in equal measure with our edit of what to buy now from your favourite high street storesGrazia 100 Product Fashion High Street Edit2of100© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Being a fashion editor has one seriously dangerous side effect - it makes me want to shop. And, I’m not just talking about the clothes I see on the runway, but on the streets and in the stores too. There is one labels hat has emerged as a firm favourite of mine, and most likely of any Zara fan too.Utterly unpronounceable and not nearly as affordable as I wish, Uterque actually shares ownership with the Spanish high street store. However, it’s a little more upscale, a little more niche and a lot more trend-setting. For clothes that will last and items that street style stars love, this is the label to look out for. It’s always on the money with it’s cooler and print choices, it knows what shapes hang well and which ones are in-fashion for the long-haul. I personally recommend a browse now, but be warned: you’ll want your credit card to hand.Debrief Uterque Items That Any Zara Fan Will Love2of11This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In partnership with sloggi.Sticking to conventional fashion traditions and rules is no fun - and these seven stars know this all too well. From boycotting the idea that you can only been seen in an outfit once, to combining numerous style trends into one look, Grazia takes a look at the celebrities and influencers who are changing the game in the fashion industry. You might want to take note...The Duchess of Cambridge has been breaking fashion traditions for as long as we can remember. Perhaps the most radical rule that she breaks is the one of re-wearing an outfit. While most celebrities would shy away from this, Kate fully embraces wearing a much-loved outfit over and over again.Rihanna seems to be one of those celebrities who can pull off just about any kind of look - even the really tricky ones that only seem to look good on the runway. In fact, it's been said that nothing is actually on-trend until Rihanna deems it so - and we agree.You can always expect to spot RiRi wearing something fun, bold and that goes against traditional fashion norms (like that time she wore a baseball cap and trainers with a ballgown). So, next time you're going out, make like Rihanna and pair a formal dress with some off-duty slip-on shoes. As well as feeling rebellious and free, your feet will thank you for this style switch-upShe's broken most traditional fashion rules, but has managed to make her own style bible in the process. For example, she's turned long blazers into the modern-version of dresses, proved that tracksuit bottoms and heels are a match made in heaven, and shown us all that you can wear running shorts when you're not running.Another fashion rule that Kim has broken is wearing bedroom underwear as outerwear - she's regularly papped out and about wearing bras under sheer tops or paired with long coats. Granted, both looks are bold and raunchy, and can't be effortlessly pulled off IRL - not without a little help, anyway. That's where the new ZERO Feel collection by lingerie brand sloggi comes in handy.Featuring ultra comfortable bras that create the base for the perfect outfit, this feel-good collection is your answer to the wearing underwear as outerwear. Why? Because wearing one of these bras will leave you looking and feeling your best, and give you the confidence to step out of the house in a sheer top. Watch out, Kim.Shop the Zero Feel collection from sloggi below:Sloggi - commercial gallery2of4Last year's breakout fashion star was none other than 13-year-old actress Millie Bobby Brown. Her quirky sartorial choices, like wearing white Converse on the red carpet and mixing multiple trends in one go, prove that she's a total fashion trail-blazer.23-Year-old Saoirse Ronan has made many red carpet risks during her acting career, from wearing clashing prints and colours, to donning very bold tailoring. She's pulled them all off effortlessly, but nearly all of her awards ceremony looks have been untraditional in one sense or the other.Next time you're heading out, take a leaf out of Saoirse's book and pair clashing prints and colours together to create a truly standout outfit. And remember, don't forget to think about your underwear, too. A bright, fun-loving bra like the sky-blue or punchy pink ones from sloggi's ZERO Feel range will help you nail colour-clashing from the get-go.Emily broke some major fashion traditions when she got wed last month. Instead of opting for a classic white wedding gown, this hot-to-trot model said her vows in a burnt orange Zara jumpsuit and chic black hat. Now if that's not bold, we don't know what is.Shop the innovative Zero Feel collection from sloggi here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Finding a do-it-all dress while online shopping is hard enough as it is, but throw in an extortionate price tag and the search becomes almost impossible. Enter Boohoo...While the fast-fashion store may not be your first port of call for a flattering day dress, don't be too quick to knock it. As well as being actually affordable, Boohoo have a bloody good selection of dresses that will help to elevate your Spring wardrobe. Don't believe me? Take a look below...Cindy Ruched Sleeve Shirred Spot Midi Dress, £18Love an elasticated waist and demi sleeves? Then this is the perfect dress for you. And it's bloody good value for money. What more could you want, really.Polly Asymmetric Hem Bold Stripe Shift Dress, £12I won't lie, I would never normally don a dress this bold. But when I spotted this on the Boohoo website, I knew I had to try it on. The asymmetric hem and mesmerising stripy pattern look like they're from a runway fashion show, not a high-street store. Guess I've bagged myself a winner, then.Boutique Olivia Polka Dot Wrap Dress, £22I feel like Sandy from Grease (pre-bad gal transformation) in this A-Line dress. I think it must be something to do with the polka dot pattern and knee-length silhouette paired with the white plimsolls. Either way, I'm really feeling this look.Clarissa Stripe Ruffle Hem Midi Skater Dress, £20It's pretty rare to come across a dress with both a horizontal and vertical stripe pattern that doesn't look hideous on. But, behold this Boohoo moment. Woah.Freyja Ruffle Angel Sleeve Bolo Tie Midi Dress, £22 We all know Boohoo can you get you ready for going out-out, but what about just plain old out. The low-cut neckline and flowing maxi skirt of this scarlet dress is sultry yet elegant, but can totally be toned down with the addition of a metallic boot.Vera Polka Dot High Neck Skater Dress, £22Believe it or not, I think I've found the ideal spring-summer dress that you an wear to both work and a hot date. The cinched in waist, ruffled sleeves and skater skirt create will this amazing hourglass figure, even if you're straight up-and-down. Bingo.Like This? You Might Also Be Interested In:We Tried On Weekday's Wackiest Trends To See What They Look Like IRL11 Items That Will Breathe Life Into A Tired WardrobeWe Have Evidence That & Other Stories Has Never Looked So GoodFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As an editor at a women’s magazine, I receive my fair share of stupid press releases, but today’s took the biscuit. Titled (aggressively in all caps) ’NATIONAL CLEAVAGE DAY’ it promoted a ‘tempting, provocative range of lingerie to enable women to feel elegant, exude confidence and feel empowered, from day to night’ in which to celebrate this ludicrous ‘holiday’.Since 2002 Wonderbra - the maker of push-up brassieres - has been promoting NCD. It’s not the only farcical special day that unsurprisingly is about consumerism, J.Crew has national stripes day (31st March) and Ben & Jerry’s has free cone day (10th April). Yet, this one really sticks in my craw.Far be it from me to turn my nose up at the news of a new lingerie collection, I am paid to write about fashion after all, but as the co-option of feminism marches on while the needs of the marginalised get lost in the capitalist struggle to sell slogan t-shirts I feel perturbed. Strike that, I feel angry. Angry that it's 2018 and we're still fighting this same old battle and angry that a brand thinks they can own the celebration of a woman's body.Sex may sell, but it shouldn’t. In a time of #metoo and conscious rejection of what the ideal woman’s body should look like promoting cleavages and the reveal of them is missing the point. I’m all for the diverse global female-identifying movement embracing their bodies any which way they want but dictating when and how is doing nothing for the insectional movement.In a nutshell, wear your granny panties and a greying bra or lacy lingerie if you like tomorrow, but hit spam on this holidayThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tartan in all its marvellous myriad of ways has been modernised for spring. After a few seasons fighting gingham for the spring/summer spotlight, it's made a play for SS18 and won. It's most classical rendition, the kilt has been its secret trump card.In the hands of labels like Gucci, Versace, Le Kilt and JW Anderson, along with high street favourites like Topshop and Zara, this classic school skirt has mutated into something new. It's been pinched, spliced and diced into a new signpost for anarchism. It's tradition with a twist, it's Highland heritage with a dose of attitude. At this current sartorial juncture, mixing it with bovver boots and streetwear is a fast-track to mastering this zeitgeist. Think Avril Lavigne meets Burberry, The Queen and her Corgi's after a run-in with Ashley Williams and you're on track. Here are three girls that know what we're talking about. What I wore to @stellamccartney show ✨photo by @jeong_ilkwonA post shared by  Reese Blutstein (@double3xposure) on Mar 7, 2018 at 10:53am PSTSurely you've heard of the half-tuck by now. Most commonly it's seen with an oversized over-starched shirt, but here's a fun twist: try it with a blazer. Make that midi-skirt work with XL tailoring by adding a belt and a pair of calf-height boots. Hello Christmas holiday 🌟A post shared by  Emili Sindlev (@emilisindlev) on Dec 22, 2017 at 1:08pm PSTI may not have learnt many valuable life lessons from Clueless, but I learnt that the best colour to wear yellow with is more yellow. Take a silk blouse and give it the SS18 treatment with low denier tights and a long-line kilt. idk sometimes you visualize an outfit in your head then you get dressed and you’re like “holy shit this is me as heck!” anyway this is me as heck!!! 👻A post shared by  laia garcia-furtado 🇵🇷 (@geometricsleep) on Feb 11, 2018 at 7:22pm PSTIn this world where being extra is the de facto nature of a street style savant can you blame Laia Garcia for going head-to-toe with her tartan? Taking her mutant kilt to the net level she added a check bomber jacket and boxfresh white sneakersThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You can blame Yayoi Kusama if you like – the Japanese artist whose polka dot covered mirror installations were cluttering up your Instagram feed last year – but polka dots are absolutely everywhere this season. And we mean everywhere. From the catwalks, where white and blue dotty fabric covered Balenciaga’s impossibly sharp heels, to the reverse blue-with-white itsy-bitsy polka dotted blouse on the high-street at Scandi brand Monki – polka dots are the print of the season. And while they can look a little bit silly and infantile – thanks in no small part to everyone’s favourite high-heeled wearing rodent Minnie Mouse – you can avoid looking like you’re doing a shift at Disneyland Paris by avoiding super feminine silhouettes. Instead look out for clean lines, sharp tailoring and even vaguely masculine silhouettes. Which isn’t to say that both dresses and frills are to be avoided altogether, rather that they should only be mixed at your peril. And steer away from red backgrounds too, looking instead to more sophisticated colour palettes. The brown jumpsuit from Mango is a case in point, tailored and 1930s looking, it’s a bit like something that the heroine in an Agatha Christie Poirot novel set on the River Nile might wear. While the only way you would get Minnie into it would be if she was on safari, and even then, we can’t imagine her veering from her signature frilly silhouette.So there you have it. But if you're still confused about which dots are appropriate, take a look at our handy shopping gallery below... Credit: Saint LaurentKate Polka-Dot Cross-Body Bag by Saint Laurent, £1,225Polka Dots SS18 - Grazia2of13Kate Polka-Dot Cross-Body Bag by Saint Laurent, £1,225Polka-Dot Long Jumpsuit by Mango, £59.99Seneca Silk Blouse by Ganni, £275Madison Dress by Mother of Pearl, £595Double-Breasted Blouse by Monki, £25Spot Jacquard Slip Dress by Topshop, £49Contrast-Panel Polka-Dot Silk Dress by Vetements, £1,925Polka-Dot Ruffled Sheer-Tulle Shirt by House of Holland, £250Short Polka Dot Jumpsuit by Zara, £49.99Polka Dot Knife 115 Pumps by Balenciaga, £695Pumpkin Polka-Dot Silk-Satin Camisole by Racil, £145Cacao Polka-Dot Print Trousers by Adriana Degreas, £807Polka Dot Top by Zara, £25.99© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Did you think that London Fashion Week had the greatest street style? That New York was the slickest, Paris the chicest and Milan the most glamorous? Well, hold that thought. Tokyo Fashion Week, which is underway right now, is a surprise contender that’s ready to make you rethink the whole game.Since the dawn of KiraKira, being extra has become the de facto rule for standing out. Whether this means wearing sequins in the daytime, cowboy boots with fish-net socks, a palette of primary colours or even something as simple as wrapping a belt around a pair of track pants, the desire is to add more, more, more. Experimentation is fundamental to Japan’s street style savants, they brazenly clash unexpected colours, push the boundaries of trends to incorporate the beauty arena too and consider accessories as the lynchpin of outfits.For many, it starts with the shoes. Sky-high heels, natty dad trainers and sturdy platforms courtesy of fashion houses like Louis Vuitton, Gucci and Zara have become a mainstay of this fashion week. Kooky add-ons like plastic handbags, excessively long belts and silk scarves are never too far away either. Clever layering, like a long-sleeve top and a slung-on kimono, or a polo neck and denim summer dress, and knowing when to leave an item untucked is key to recreating their looks.A heartfelt thank you goes out to all the devastatingly stylish women who have pounded the streets, squeezed onto the subway at rush hour and ran across town in the rain and cold of Japan’s winter in these inspiring ensembles. We endeavour to be half as bright and brave as you!Grazia Tokyo Fashion Week Street Style2of10© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The great and good from the world of fashion are coming together once again in aid of Women for Women International, a charity which helps female survivors of war to rebuild their lives.Now in its third year, the annual #SheInspiresMe Car Boot managed to raise an phenomenal £159,000 last time, by selling pre-loved designer clothes, shoes and accessories, with previous shoppers including Lily Cole, Jasmine Guinness, and both Jasmine and Melissa Hemsley.Taking up residence in the heart of Soho and setting up smart stalls in former fashion week venue The Brewer Street Carpark on Saturday 12th May, what is almost certainly the world’s most fashionable car boot sale has an even more impressive lineup of sellers this spring. Stylish stalls announced so far include luxury discount-E-tailer The Outnet, footwear designer Charlotte Olympia Dellal, Temperley London, LFW’s Edeline Lee, designer resale site Vestiaire Collective, Danish denim brand M.i.h Jeans, not to mention the fashion powerhouses from the British Fashion Council.With more yet to come, keep an eye out for further announcements.And its not just a day for fashionistas. There’ll be plenty there for beauty aficionados too with Blink Brow Bar, Charlotte Tilbury, Elemis, Le Salon and Nailberry, Sassoon and The Braid Bar all due to set up stalls.Meanwhile, in response to how popular the previous two car boot sales were, 2018’s offering promises to be bigger and better than ever before, as the event increases in capacity in order to accommodate even more stalls, and crucially , more eagle-eyed, sharp-elbowed shoppers.And because bargain hunting can be hungry work, CRU Kafe, Glitter and Gut Health, Lerato Umah-Shaylor and The Store will all be on hand to provide refreshments, with the proceeds also going towards Women for Women International. Designer shopping and having that second slice of cake has never felt so virtuous.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re the sort of person who prefers summer to winter, treasures an electric blanket and has more coats than any other possession then you need to get acquainted with the Queen of layering, Rebecca Ramsdale. The Toronto-based photographer and blogger may only have 6K followers on Instagram, but she has the type of selfie feed every cold-fearing human needs to see before they make any sartorial decision in the morning. Fact.Thumbing through her 800 odd posts one thing is instantly clear: she’s very cool. And, not in that Gone Girl type of fake ‘cool’, she’s a skater with a ridiculously cute dog and an untouchable selection of beanies, sunglasses and hoodies. Her USP, however, is layering. Pat collaborated with @habitatskateboards on some new photo decks, and you know my girl Char got her own pro model 🤘available in store and online from @bluetileloungeA post shared by  Rebecca Ramsdale (@rebeccaramsdale) on Mar 19, 2018 at 1:22pm PDTIn Ramsdale’s hands, the simple daily act of placing item on top of item for warmth becomes an art form. Maybe it’s because she’s actually an artist, but she understands proportions, colour and balance. She may shy away from print, but her bold palette sometimes takes her to a brave space that clashes cobalt blue with hot dog mustard yellow and McDonalds red, or purposefully wear mismatching socks. She knows how to wear a hoodie beneath a t-shirt and blazer without looking bulky, how to make a hat work under a hood and when to make a turtleneck your weapon of choice. On paper it sounds terrible, but trust in reality it’s not. Pastels, for spring. Ground breaking. ⏩A post shared by  Rebecca Ramsdale (@rebeccaramsdale) on Mar 22, 2018 at 8:01am PDTThe sartorial maths: (Hoodie under T-Shirt + Blazer + Trench Coat + Sunglasses ) x Jeans Update: it’s snowingA post shared by  Rebecca Ramsdale (@rebeccaramsdale) on Feb 7, 2018 at 9:18am PSTThe sartorial maths: Scarf + Coat + Hoodie + Beanie X Sunglasses Super Bowl Sunday - who’s having me over for nachos?A post shared by  Rebecca Ramsdale (@rebeccaramsdale) on Feb 4, 2018 at 11:50am PSTThe sartorial maths: Jeans + Blazer X (Hoodie + Long-Sleeve T-Shirt + Blazer + Uniqlo Light Puffa) Another episode of me wearing my boyfriends clothing (with the exception of my dads high school jacket) 🤷‍♀️A post shared by  Rebecca Ramsdale (@rebeccaramsdale) on Jan 30, 2018 at 7:52am PSTThe sartorial maths: Sunglasses + Beanie X Belted Jeans X Leatherman Jacket X (Top Buttoned Shirt X White T-Shirt) Let me just say dressing for -9 is not the easiest ❄️A post shared by  Rebecca Ramsdale (@rebeccaramsdale) on Dec 10, 2017 at 1:39pm PSTThe sartorial maths: T-Shirt + White Shirt + Necklace + Blazer + Puffa Jacket + Jeans X Tights Mix & Match 🌙A post shared by  Rebecca Ramsdale (@rebeccaramsdale) on Oct 30, 2017 at 4:59pm PDTThe sartorial maths: Jeans + Kitten Heels X Odd SocksWhat do you do?I run a Fashion, Beauty, and Lifestyle blog, as well as a Youtube channel. I also work as a district manager for a Toronto-Made unisex clothing brand! Where do you shop?I do a lot of vintage and thrift shopping. I love finding really unique pieces and mixing them into my wardrobe.How do you plan your outfits?Getting dressed can be quite the process for me. Some days I know exactly what I want to wear as soon as I wake up, and some days I try on everything in my wardrobe and nothing feels right. Because styling has becoming a creative outlet for me, what I wear really depends on my mood and emotions. I have to feel connected in some way to that outfit, otherwise I feel uncomfortable. What are you top layering tricks?Layering has come to me kind of out of necessity (Canadian winters are brutal!). I love wearing tshirts, but when its -30 out that doesn't really work. I started layering hoodies under tees, and wool blazers over top, and out of it developed a layering style that I really like. I always love layering when it is done with different textures, or even when accessories are included. My favourite wallet is a chain wallet by Sonya Lee, and I love when the chain peaks out under a shirt of jacket, giving the layering a different effect. When you’re bored of your wardrobe, where do you look for inspiration, or what do you do to refresh the items you already own?My favourite thing to do is to purge my wardrobe. Get rid of the stuff that's distracting and you haven't worn in ages so you can really focus in on the pieces you love. I also love referring to e-commerce websites (like Ader Error and Zara) and runway shows to look for inspiration on new ways to wear the clothes I already have. What’s hanging in your wardrobe?A LOT of Dickies men's pants style 874, a lot of t-shirts, and a lot of pastel vintage flares.What’s the one item of clothing that best sums you up?One of my boyfriends old skate tees. I'm pretty casual and relaxed, and I wouldn't feel like an outfit is truly 'me' without adding a 'boy' element to it. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a world where Take That, Spice Girls and Back Street Boys have reformed, we think it's time that Girls Aloud did too. And, not least because we would love to see what their 2018 cover art would look like.While many might remember them for their truly terrible fashion sense - quiffs, dodgy highlights and matching pastel coloured camo pants - their artwork has had more staying power than their melodies. Sure, Love Machine might have been catchy, but what's with the striped tans and weird pouting? What about Can't Speak French, when they dressed up as America's Next Top Model's take on Marie Antoinette? This trip down memory lane is worth remembering.I am living for Nicola Robert's side-pony.More attitude than a teenage girl experiencing her first dose of PMS.Circa See The Day, Lily Allen had convinced everyone that vintage prom dresses were cool. How? Who knows. Add in that Amy Winehouse had made the case for peep-toe heels and you can see how this artwork came to life.Am I looking at the most awkward artistic rendition of Stepford Wives, or is that just me? And can someone please explain why they are using knee-high heeled boots as stockings?I can practically hear the art director shouting: 'play with your sunglasses more'.I call this 'Attack of the Gok Wan styling school'. Those cinched belts and lingerie-inspired outfits may have been aiming for Dolce & Gabbana, but they landed closer to Lipsy.In moments like this, I always feel sorry for Nicole as this is proof that until very recently make-up artists had no clue what do with red heads.Between the powdered make-up, stiff corseting and dodgy Moulin Rouge theme I've come up with a conspiracy theory: this isn't a group shot, it's a work of photoshop mayhemThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From buttermilk and lemon, to mustard, La La Land and everything in between, yellow is the colour of this season.Where once millennial pink was cluttering up your Instagram feed, there’s been a slow but sure trickle of sunnier shades, coined last year by Writer Haley Nahman – one of the fashion prophets over at Man Repeller HQ – as Generation Z Yellow.Brewing for a while now, Beyoncé accessorized her sunflower coloured Roberto Cavalli dress with a baseball bat back in 2016, in the video for Hold Up. Of course, then it was worn in a slightly more DIY though no less fabulous way by Tituss Burgess, when he was lemonading in season three of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. While not forgetting fact that HRH The Queen (of style) has always been a fan of mellow yellow.Much like pink it’s a cute, almost babyish colour, but rather than being super girly, its associations are with optimism and warmth, which means it works really well with fuzzy textures.Lending itself to fun faux furs, Shrimps does yellow very well, whether trimming it with a similarly summery white (see the SS18 presentation) or toughened up with black vinyl, a la their AW18 collection.Meanwhile, it looks prettily preppy– though scarily impractical – when imagined in suede. Gucci’s yellow suede loafers are a case in point, with brilliant echoes of Cher Horowitz, they’re not really suitable for your dark and dingy, sticky-floored local. And that’s okay, cheerful yellow deserves to be taken away somewhere bright that suits its sunny disposition.And where the catwalks lead, the high street follows, with the likes of Topshop, Monki and Zara all awash with yellow denim, dresses, jewellery, tailoring, shoes, and even pants.A natural fit for spring and summer, and working with pretty much any silhouette, adding a splash of yellow to your outfit is probably the easiest way to prove that you’ve been paying sartorial attention, without having to adopt whole new look.It has a reputation for being unflattering, but we say that’s undeserved. With a countless number of shades, there’s a yellow for everyone. But don’t just take our work for it, instead, shop our yellow selection for S/S'18 in the gallery below..Say hello to Blouse – the brainchild of cult London label Antipodium's ex-creative director Geoffrey J Finch – it's your new favourite label. Yellow SS18 - Grazia2of17Say hello to Blouse – the brainchild of cult London label Antipodium's ex-creative director Geoffrey J Finch – it's your new favourite label. If your landlord doesn't allow pets, a clutch bag from Shrimps is just as soft, almost as cute and doesn't need to be walked. From buttercup to primrose, this ombré skirt has a fair few yellows all in one. The shoe of the season in the colour of the season, if we liked sport we would call that a home run.Pastel blazers are big news this season and this Topshop number is a great way to try one out without splashing too much cash...But don't forget the matching trousers for extra fashion points, and to channel Romy and Michelle if they had become realtors. Floral, frilled and flowing, this is the wedding guest dress that dreams are made of.Be an alpha on the beach this summer in a bright yellow cossie. The latest drop in the ongoing Champion and Wood Wood collaboration is here, and it's great.If you're feeling bold, pair this Maison Margiela blouse with the matching trousers for a full-on pajama luxe look. With its ditsy floral print and super flattering shape, this is your new running-through-fields frock. Possibly the most architectural shoes we've ever seen, these pumps from Neous look like something that could be sold in the Barbican gift shop – and that's a very good thing. If you're nervous of diving head first into yellow, dip a toe with a lemony print. H&M's premium range belies its teeny price tags, this bag looks way more expensive than it is. A yellow. Suede. Jumpsuit. There really aren't enough clapping hands emojis for this. The Ganni denim line has just launched and it's every bit as good as we hoped it would be. Not only are the jackets cool and cropped, the jeans are impossibly wide. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Happy shoppers at behemoth e-tailer ASOS have taken to Twitter in their droves in appreciation of the brand, who is now is now modelling the same piece of clothing on models of different sizes and shapes.With such an incredibly generous free returns policy, ASOS has almost shot itself in the foot, spending a countless amount of money every year on shipping services. But now it seems as though it might have just found a way to lower its return rate, by shooting the same item on different models, so that shoppers will have more of an idea how the piece in question will look on them.We spoke to ASOS, who told us, “We’re always testing new technology that can make our customers’ experience even better. In this case, we’re experimenting with AR to show product on different size models, so customers can get a better sense of how something might fit their body shape.”Retweeting one of its customers @ejhc13 who exclaimed, 'omg I love @asos even more!!! finally [sic] showing the same item on girls with different body types,' ASOS replied with, 'Keep your eyes peeled as this rolls out across our app'.And people are responding very well to the news.@SirenMoonBee tweeted, 'This helps massively, as I often wonder how clothes would look on me, when I’m clearly 5 sizes bigger than the model. Great move forward.'While @marcellehoa said, 'This is super helpful! Definitely have had to return stuff as I just didn't realise it would look so different on somebody with my body shape! So pleased to see all beautiful shapes and sizes represented'.When asked by a customer whether multiple models would be used to showcase the same piece of menswear, ASOS responded with, 'Hey, we're not able to say if this will be available for menswear just yet as we're still trying out this new tech but keep an eye on our app and our social media pages for the latest updates on this!'So it seems as if this is a scheme still in its early stages, as so far we’ve only seen multiple models wearing the ASOS Cherry Dress, but we hope that it’s not too long until it's rolled out across the whole site.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If footwear operates to punctuate an outfit, then white shoes – and particularly white boots – are the sartorial equivalent of the oxford comma. Falling in and out of fashion, they’re beloved by converts yet detested and thought of as absurd by non-believers. Which means that if you have both feet firmly in the No-Camp, then it’s unlikely that we’ll be able to convince you of their usefulness. But allow us to try anyway.This season, white boots are a seriously easy update that will help to have your wardrobe looking spring ready.That statement floral dress that you wore with black boots during the winter? Team it with a pair of white ankle boots instead for an immediate refresh. Ditto those raw hemmed jeans that you were worried were looking a little bit tired. While in terms of their matching powers, they’re no less useful than their black and brown counterparts.Incredibly hard-working footwear, they’re the ideal transitional shoe, and particularly helpful for when the weather can’t quite make up its mind which season we’re in.A simple way to flaunt your sartorial prowess, white boots come every which way this season, from unapologetically Dolly Parton-esque cowboy boots, as per the wider western trend (the blame for which we lay at the feet of Joanne-era Gaga), to a sort-of 60s gogo boot style. At the more directional end of the fashion spectrum, Virgil Abloh’s Milan based brand Off-White (one of most hyped in the industry at the moment) presents them as a quilted knee-high number, while at Maison Margiela, as boots inspired by the traditional Japanese Tibi sock, which would be worn with Geta.And there’s also no reason why they shouldn’t be comfortable – we’re not talking about white stilettos here. Particularly given the ubiquity of both the kitten heel and the aforementioned cowboy boot, this is a footwear trend that does not necessarily require any tottering at all.Still don't believe us? Take a look below and allow the boots themselves to convince you.With the snakeskin trim to elevate them, these boots from Icelandic footwear designer Kalda are a super smart twist on the cowboy boot.White Boots SS18 - Grazia2of13With the snakeskin trim to elevate them, these boots from Icelandic footwear designer Kalda are a super smart twist on the cowboy boot.Since graduating from the London College of Fashion's Cordwainer School, Dora Teymur's footwear has attained cult status among the fash-pack.  This classic pair of western boots could have been pulled off the feet of Dolly herself. If going full Western scares you, this fringed pair from Prada are an easier way in. White kitten-heeled boots might not sound practical, but this pair will work with practically anything. A guaranteed good investment. Part of Virgil Abloh's SS18 collection for Off-White which was  inspired by Princess Diana, these boots are made in collaboration with footwear-giant Jimmy Choo.Emerging as part of the London based designer-duo's SS18 Americana inspired collection, these elegant boots are a neat nod to the Western trend. Inspired by Japanese Tabi – the socks traditionally worn with wooden soled Geta – these boots will add a directional edge when paired with simple separates. Simple, smart and crafted from the softest Spanish leather, this is a great first step into the white boot trend.Inspired by the clean lines of mid-century architecture, these boots from Neous are more akin to sculpture than they are footwear. Designed in London, each pair of Julia Mays shoes is handcrafted in a family-run factory in Northern ItalyGestuz is just another brilliant brand to have come out of Denmark. If you like Ganni, we reckon you'll be a fan. With their metallic mid-heel, it really would be rude to not take these boots out dancing. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dear New Look,I’ve been thinking about you a lot recently. I heard the news that you’re in trouble (and that you’re probably closing 60 stores and making 980 redundancies). But, I remember the better times. You were there for me when I needed you when I was making my first formative purchases.Here’s to you, New Look.The first time I set foot in one of your stores you had that old logo, the turquoise one with the abstract face - remember that? You were the first label to introduce me to trends, notably ‘boho’ - the less said about that the better - and the concept of impulse purchasing unnecessary glittery clothes hanger and pumpkin scented candles by the till.I discovered skinny jeans in your Generation 915 range and made more dubious shoe purchases than I care to remember. Platform peep-toe stilettos? Guilty. Knee-high gladiator sandals? Guilty. But, it was the pink leopard print ballet flats (!) that I wore with skin-tight leggings, which made me feel like Amy Winehouse, that I trekked to multiple branches to find. No shame.Before he bagged the morning slot on Radio 1, Nick Grimshaw presented your Channel 4 show New Look Style Nation. And, of course, I binged it. Even at the time, I knew the concept was hokey and the ‘fashionistas’ competing for a styling job were making dodgy sartorial choices (denim shorts and tights with a pair of wedges pretty much sums up the series’ aesthetic).Topshop and H&M may think that they introduced the world to the concept of designer and celebrity collaborations, but I know the truth. I vividly remember New Look’s Giles Deacon range, which was modelled by Alexa Chung, Lilly Allen’s prom dress collection and Kelly Brook’s underwear collab. On the latter, I’m convinced this is the first instance the high street catered to someone with a bigger than average cup size.While my beloved Toppers still struggles to produce plus-size collections, New Look, you’ve always been ahead of the game in this arena. In 2000 you increased your offering to cater up to a size 26. That in itself was groundbreaking.Picasso once said, ‘good artists borrow, great artists steal’, so let me leave it to Keats who put it best: ‘I love you ever and ever and without reserve.’Love,The DebriefThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Millennial pink, it’s time to step to one side because there’s a new tone trending in town: lovely lilac.Declared by Pantone as 2018’s Colour of the Year, ultraviolet is set to be absolutely everywhere this season. A shade beloved by mystics and royals alike – check out HRH The Queen Elizabeth II who often represents in purple tones for the latter – Executive Director of the Pantone Colour institute, Leatrice Eiseman writes that the colour, “takes our awareness and potential to a higher level…Ultra Violet lights the way of what is yet to come.’Magical spiritual superpowers aside, it’s remarkably versatile; working equally well as a slouchy oversized streetwear a la the hoodie from London fashion’s current darling Martine Rose, or in the form of a cropped 00s-looking t-shirt from Acne. It can also be translated into something altogether more evening like the dazling lilac dress from vintage loving label The Vampire’s Wife, or Christopher Kane’s super-shiny pleated lame midi-skirt.And because The Devil Wears Prada didn’t get absolutely everything wrong (just most things) head to YouTube and replay Miranda Priestly’s famous Cerulean Blue speech. Merely replace blue with the colour purple and bask in the money-saving knowledge that, thanks to incredibly fast fashion, the trend has already trickled its way down to the high street with Zara and its big sister brand Mango both flooded with lilacs.If you’re a bit too nervous to go for a full on purple look, try dipping a toe in the trend with soft suede shoes from the likes of cult footwear brand Dorateymur. While makeup maestros Mac have released a perfectly purple makeup kit with Nicola Formichetti’s lifestyle brand Nicopanda.Whichever way you wear it, one thing’s for certain: the future’s bright, the future is purple.Shop our purple picks for S/S'18 in the gallery below...Launching her eponymous label in 2007, Martine Rose's star shows no sign of being on the wane. Celebrate raw London talent by splashing her name across your chest with this perfectly oversized hoodie.Purple SS18 - Grazia2of20Launching her eponymous label in 2007, Martine Rose's star shows no sign of being on the wane. Celebrate raw London talent by splashing her name across your chest with this perfectly oversized hoodie.The brains behind Sies Marjan, Bahrain-born designer Sander Lak, has a knack for taking sickly sorbet shades and spinning them into something super sophisticated, like this dreamy dress. Similarly maximalist in their approach, designer-duo Saks Potts are a highlight of Copenhagen Fashion Week alongside Grazia favourites, Ganni.Clean lines and an unfussy silhouette, this top is a classic Zara spin on ladylike lilac.With their super-flattering high waist and cropped ankle, these jeans have more than a touch of off-duty Betty Draper about them.Blue suede shoes are so over, Elvis. This season it's all about soft shades of lilac suede, especially when they're by fash-pack faves Dorateymur .Team with a sweatshirt to take this skirt from dancefloor all the way through to brunch the next day.'Summer knit' might sound like an oxymoron but this lovely lilac number from Joseph will convince you of their sartorial powers.Mixed material earrings are big news this season, get them in lilac and tackle two trends at once.This punchy purple sweater comes complete with '50s-esque font scrawled across the back. Happy days, indeed.Pick up some purple in one of the most universally flattering shapes for sunnies.Swimsuits are set to completely lap bikinis as this season's swimwear of choice, pick up a purple one to really flaunt your sartorial clout.With space for a phone, lipstick and not a lot else, this cute bag will stop you from schlepping everything but the kitchen sink around with you.This superlatively pretty dress from The Vampire's Wife is the kind of thing that you'll pass down the generations to your granddaughter's granddaughter. Presuming she has good taste, that is. Mac are back with another killer collaboration. This one, with Japanese Italian designer Nicola Formichetti's lifestyle brand Nicopanda has packaging as pretty as the makeup within.Deceptively versatile, this dress looks just as good over jeans as it does on its own. These disco ready sandals are a smart way to elevate your favourite scruffy jeans and t-shirt combo.Gingham and lilac, good ol' M&S have hit the nail on the sartorial head with this sweet summer sweater.Ease your way into the lilac trend with this pair of perfectly purple sheer socks. The rose end of the lilac spectrum, this cropped T-shirt from Scandi label Acne is the perfect shape to tuck into high-waisted jeans. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As far as the British high street goes, there's a heck of a lot of options. From Topshop to Boohoo, Zara to Missguided, there's so much choice sometimes its hard to know where to shop. But, there is one place that we can reliably find countless things that will seamlessly slip into our wardrobe and happily stay at the epicentre of our daily ensembles for months to come and that's H&M. The Scandi store is always hot on the trends, but pick right and you'll find that they have items thats lifespan is years, not weeks.In these 11 items, we think we've found everything to take our cold-weather wardrobe into summertime. There's a trench coat to beat the April showers, trousers that can be styled for on- or off-duty and a jumpsuit that will become your number uno night out item. Consider this SS18 mastered.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Celebrate the arrival of the S/S'18 collection at Lulu Guinness with an exclusive 25 percent off! Feel the love for playful, colour-pop accessories that clash vibrant peony with red and feature Lulu's signature graphic icons.This season, when you're not colour clashing, you need to be earning your stripes - see the Lavinia clutch for details. Need something roomier? Invest in the Valentina handbag with cute peekaboo pout. And wear your heart on your shoes with the Paloma mules and Anabel courts.To claim your discount, simply pick up a copy of this week's Grazia and take the relevant page into participating stores or visit luluguinness.com with the exclusive code from the magazine.Terms and conditionsDiscount is valid from Tuesday 20th March 2018 until midnight Tuesday 27th March 2018. Valid at luluguinness.com (UK website only) and in Lulu Guinness London stores (Lulu Guinness Royal Exchange and Lulu Guinness Covent Garden concept store). To redeem online, enter the code at the checkout and click ‘apply.’ Valid for one use per registered customer. To redeem in-store, present the page at the till point. The store will retain your details. The discount will not be valid if the page is not presented. Valid for one use per person. Office is non-transferable and not valid on previous purchases. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotion. Offer applies to full price merchandise only and excludes licenced products, radios, USBs and phone charger, Vaseline and hand cream. Lulu Guinness LTD reserves the right to withdraw the offer without prior notice.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Why opt for made-to-measure bridesmaid dresses when the high street is filled with brilliant, on-trend and affordable off-the-peg options?In recent years, high street brands have stepped up their game when it comes to wedding gear, with favourites like ASOS, Whistles, Hobbs and Topshop launching ranges dedicated to brides-to-be, their bridesmaids, and their guests.We’ve scouted out some of the best of this season’s designs, guaranteed to please the most sartorially conscious (or just the fussiest) of bridesmaids. If you need a few pointers before embarking on your shopping trip, we've got those covered too...Before you get carried away with your Pinterest mood board, think about the women who will actually be wearing the dresses: you want them to feel comfortable and happy on the big day (so they can focus their energy on helping you out rather than tugging at recalcitrant necklines or bemoaning your choice of canary yellow...) Both bride and bridesmaids should be prepared to make concessions, so try to bear in mind their personal preferences as far as you can before the final decision. It's also worth making sure that you have their measurements on file, in case you need to order online or make last minute alterations to a high street style.For an unconventional choice, consider choosing printed bridesmaid dresses. A floral print (bolder designs will stand out better in the photos) could add a vibrant injection of colour to a summer wedding – just be sure to keep the bouquets simple to off-set it.When it comes to bridesmaid dresses, we know all too well from experience that one style rarely suits all: your favoured halter-neck style might be your maid of honour's worst nightmare, a floaty maxi-style gown might swamp your more petite friend and frills and sparkle can prove divisive. To make sure everyone feels happy and comfortable, one option is to let your bridesmaids work within a colour scheme, choosing from a range of different dresses: ASOS has a great (and, crucially, reasonably priced) selection of bridesmaid styles in the same shade and fabric (so you don't have to worry about fabric swatches and colour charts). Conversely, you could choose the same dress in different shades. Your friends will doubtless thank you for it.Eschewing more traditional bridesmaid styles (or dresses that aren't necessarily labelled as such) won't just make for more individual, fashion-forward wedding photos- it can also save you serious money, particularly if you've gone for the Taylor Swift squad approach. Investigate the eveningwear offerings of your favourite high street stores, summery maxi dresses in quality fabrics or shorter tea dress styles.Similarly, if you're asking your bridesmaids to pay for their own dresses, considering the cost-per-wear matrix is crucial: are they likely to wear this dress again? If it's a simple, classic and unfussy design, the answer is most probably yes; it's prom-style or in a less wearable shade (whatever your grand wedding colour scheme might dictate) the answer is going to be no. This is where the high street has a distinct advantage over more traditional, made-to-measure outlets: while the dresses might not be as conventionally 'bridesmaid,' they'll doubtless look and feel more modern and can be brought out for other formal events. Essentially, you want to find a dress that your friends will be happy to hang in their wardrobes - not one they'll be frantically eBaying after a quick dry clean job...Take a look at the best bridesmaid dresses on the high street right now in our gallery...Credit: TopshopSatin Fishtail Gown Dress by Topshop, £125High Street Bridesmaid Dresses SS18 - Grazia2of15Satin Fishtail Gown Dress by Topshop, £125Bridesmaid Long Sleeve Lace Pleated Maxi Dress by ASOS, £95Sonia Frill Maxi Dress by Whistles, £180Kya Maxi Dress by Lace & Beads, £85Bella Maxi Dress by Monsoon, £109Satin Gown by Mango, £89.99Satin Pinny Bodice Maxi Bridesmaid Dress by ASOS, £65Halter Maxi Dress by Topshop, £130Pleco Maxi Dress by Lace & Beads, £55Long Satin Dress by H&M, £49.99Cowl Neck Midi Slip Dress by Topshop, £36Luisa Satin Devore Dress by Whistles, £249Knot Asymmetric Dress by Mango, £69.99Azaelea Sleeveless 3-D Lace Midi Dress by Self Portrait, £290Jacquard Midi Dress by Warehouse, £69READ MORE:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Beloved of the fash pack, cool Copenhagen womenswear label Ganni has become synonymous with bold florals, feminine silhouettes, eccentric knits, and print galore, flicking two fingers at all of the stuff that’s usually associated with Scandi chic: an almost austere aesthetic with clean lines, sharp shapes and muted colour palette.  And now its legions of fans – us included – have something extra to be excited about this week. Teaming up with Net-a-Porter for the launch, the brand is adding a ten-piece-strong collection of denim to its lust-worthy ready-to-wear and accessories range, due to go on sale on March 23rd. A new direction for the brand, its first foray into the world of denim has been created in collaboration with Bengt Thornefors and Christoffer Svensson – denim maestros, both –  of Swedish creative studio Magniberg, who between them have earned their fashion stripes at Acne Studios, Givenchy and Saint LaurentShot by New York based artist Ana Kraš the campaign references Creative Director Ditte Reffstrup’s idea of the Ganni girl as a global citizen. While, playing with proportions, the collection of impossibly wide jeans, voluminous maxi skirts and cropped jackets with brilliantly puffy sleeves come in soft hued pastels, creamy vanilla and expertly aged denim stonewash. Debuting on the SS18 catwalk at Copenhagen Fashion Week – which the brand quickly became a highlight of since its first show – and clearly taking inspiration from the late 90s and early 00s, the low-slung waistbands were paired with the delicate blouses and rainbow knits characteristic of the label. And if your wardrobe looks anything like ours, you’ll have more than a couple of Ganni pieces in already and know that denim is the perfect partner for those ruffles, prints and soft silhouettes, giving them edge and strength; In the words of Ditte Reffstrup, ‘we jumped at the opportunity to do denim the ‘GANNI way’ working with colours, contrasts and playfulness. Denim is essentially a great counterpoint to our prints and feminine DNA.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Spring feels like a new beginning doesn’t it?You’ve been hibernating through winter in boots, tights and jumpers – anything you can find to protect every inch of your precious skin from the bone-chilling cold. And now you emerge from your polyester/cotton blend cocoon ready to spread your new season wings.I left my black tights-trousers-turtle neck combo behind to try on Warehouse’s spring offering. And I’ve never felt happier to see a pair of sandals. Keep reading to see how I got on.Deep Waist Band Midi Dress, £42; Suede Knotted Sandal, £26When was the last time I wore orange? Probably the 90s, when The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was on TV and Destiny's Child, had four members. From the waist up this dress is a little matronly for me – probably a case of the material-to-boob ratio being off. But from the waist down it's a winner, such a flattering shape and nice and breezy for all those springtime strolls through the daffodils.Mixed Stripe Asymmetric Dress, £79; Suede Knotted Sandal, £26Oh, hello comfortable but flattering friend! This is the perfect winter/spring transition dress because the material is warm and cosy but the design and amount of carefree floatiness is very spring. One to wear without tights as it starts to get warmer around here.Anais Floral Headband, £10; Cosy Crew Jumper, £25; Anais Floral Pleat Skirt, £49; Leather Huarache Shoe, £29You know that jumper you wore all winter because it's comfortable and cosy? Fling a floral skirt over it, step into some strappy sandals, add a headband (if you're feeling daring) and you've got a spring outfit. This is probably my favourite look of them all. Stripe V-Neck Blouson Top, £34; Boy Cut Jeans, £49; Suede Knotted Sandal, £26I haven't mentioned the cute black sandals yet, have I? I didn't think they'd go with so many different looks but they do, and it means that with a pair of these you can just wear the jeans you've been wearing all the other seasons (because who has several pairs of jeans that actually fit?!) with a new top and have a whole new outfit. This is exactly the kind of 'nice top' people talk about when they say 'jeans and a nice top', I'd add hoop earrings, a bun and a red lip for night.Tweed Boyfriend Blazer, £69; Climbing Bamboo Print Polo, £29; Suede Knotted Sandal, £26'Oh hello, is my 11 o'clock here yet? In meeting room four? I'll be there in five.' As soon as I put on any blazer I think I can run the world, this one is especially confidence-boosting as it's long enough to cover your bum and any bulgy-untucked-in bits that jeans always create.Climbing Bamboo Print Polo, £29; Climbing Bamboo Print Skirt, £36; Suede Knotted Sandal, £26I'm ready to leave the office behind and lay out on a beach now thanks. As a Caribbean girl, I felt most at home in this outfit, the skirt is loose like the ones worn when it's so hot outside you can't bear to have your thighs sticking together, and the prints are bold and beautiful.  books flight immediately This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Want to know what the new 'it' bag of the moment is? A plastic bag. Not just any plastic bag mind, it's a Celine plastic bag. And it costs nearly £425.Yes, you read that correctly.The plastic shopper made its debut on the SS18 Celine catwalk in Paris and is now being sold for $590 at a Nordstrom pop-up shop in Seattle, Washington. What is so great about this bag that it has become something of a status symbol, you might ask? Its price obviously sets it apart from the, err, average 5p plastic bag. That and the fact it is remarkably difficult to get hold of, not being sold online anywhere it seems...Otherwise, its made from vinyl, emblazoned with the Celine Paris logo and features four warnings in English, French, German and Italian, which say: 'To avoid danger as suffocation keep away this bag from babies and children.'As The Times reported, during the most recent fashion month it was often seen on the arms of influential fashion figures. And since then, has become a subject of discussion on social media.But at a time when much of the country is working out how to go plastic free, surely it's ironic that a plastic bag should become such a coveted item... Maybe that's entirely the point. If the Celine bag serves as a reminder that a plastic bag is not merely a 'throwaway' item – that it should be preserved and recycled, time and time again, and that it should be expensive because plastic costs the planet so dearly – well, that's a message clearly worth promoting, and ultimately, buying into.Credit: Getty ImagesAn old style adage decrees that blondes shouldn't wear yellow. Michelle Williams put paid to that particular rule with her sunshine yellow Vera Wang gown, arguably one of the most instantly memorable Oscars dresses of recent years. From the bold colour to the ruffled shoulder detailing, the draped skirt to Michelle's swept up hair and bright red lips, this is modern Hollywood glamour at its best.Best Oscar Dresses Ever - Grazia2of23An old style adage decrees that blondes shouldn't wear yellow. Michelle Williams put paid to that particular rule with her sunshine yellow Vera Wang gown, arguably one of the most instantly memorable Oscars dresses of recent years. From the bold colour to the ruffled shoulder detailing, the draped skirt to Michelle's swept up hair and bright red lips, this is modern Hollywood glamour at its best.Black Swan star Mila Kunis is yet another star who has chosen Lebanese couturier Elie Saab to dress them for the biggest night in the Hollywood calendar. For the 2011 Academy Awards, she chose this romantic lilac gown with a draped, almost Grecian-style plunging neckline and a loose skirt fashioned from strips of lace.It's hard to believe that the 2014 ceremony marked Lupita Nyong'o's first ever Oscars, so assuredly has she cemented her reputation as both a fashion-forward red carpet presence and a major acting talent in the ensuing years. Taking the Best Supporting Actress award for 12 Years A Slave, Lupita wore a custom-made Prada design worthy of a Grecian goddess, in a pale blue shade that reminded her of her home city, Nairobi.Many of Cate Blanchett's most memorable red carpet fashion moments have come courtesy of an Armani showstopper, and this is arguably one of – if not the - best. For the 2014 ceremony, which saw Cate take home the Best Actress statuette for Blue Jasmine, her ensemble was worth an estimated $18.1 million: $100,000 for this stunning embellished gown in pale blush, then a further $18 million for her Chopard earrings, bracelet and ring.Amy Adams worked in close collaboration with the late design legend Oscar de la Renta for her 2013 Academy Awards gown. The actress, who was nominated for her role in The Master, presented de la Renta with a selection of old black-and-white photos, before one in particular (a picture of a model walking into a doorway, her stylist Cristina Ehrlich told People) captured both their imaginations. The result was this ice-blue beaded confection with a tiered tulle skirt. The thigh-high split of her black Atelier Versace gown may have launched a thousand memes when Angie attended the Oscars ceremony in 2012, but it's her 2004 dress that is arguably her best: a white satin gown by South African designer Marc Bouwer that immediately recalls the infamous halter neck style worn by Marilyn Monroe in The Seven Year Itch, bringing old Hollywood glamour into the twenty-first century.Marion Cotillard took to her first Oscars red carpet like a fish to water (and yes, we are playing on the fact that her idiosyncratically beautiful Jean Paul Gaultier gown was covered in hundreds of mermaid-esque scales). She went on to pick up the Best Actress statuette for her portrayal of Edith Piaf in La Vie En Rose: not bad for a first-timer…'I think I just stepped on the fabric and they waved the stairs or something. What went through my mind? A bad word that I can't say.' J. Law's 2013 Oscars dress is worthy of your attention, and not just because it precipitated that memorable fall. A dramatic pale pink confection by Raf Simons that closed Dior's spring/summer couture show in 2013, it proved that Lawrence can pull off Old Hollywood style like no one else (despite her persona being as far from the staid stars of the studio era as possible…)For her Academy Awards debut in 2005 (promoting Dreamgirls) Beyoncé chose a vintage strapless gown in black velvet by Atelier Versace. She paired the simple dress with some serious hardware: chandelier earrings and a diamond bracelet by A-list jeweller Lorraine Schwartz (who also designed Bey's 18-carat diamond engagement ring). Freida Pinto's sapphire-blue dress, worn for her post-Slumdog Millionaire appearance at the 2009 ceremony, made its debut on the John Galliano catwalk just a few weeks prior to her red carpet moment. The actress wore the originally risqué (ie. entirely transparent) style layered over a blue under-dress, a switch-up which allowed the intricate embellishment to do the talking.Emma Stone made it clear that she isn't afraid to take risks on the red carpet when she chose this beaded Elie Saab gown in a statement-making shade of chartreuse (that's fashion speak for 'yellow-green') that works unexpectedly well with her red hair. Gwyneth's pale pink Ralph Lauren gown, with its spaghetti straps and full, Disney princess skirt, is arguably as famous as the tearful acceptance speech she made after winning Best Actress for Shakespeare In Love. The actress later revealed that she's kept all of her Oscar gowns for her daughter Apple, and hopes she'll wear the pink gown to her prom. 'Maybe she'll wear it to prom and do a Pretty in Pink thing and resew it and cut it up,' she mused to People, before backtracking with 'I don't know if I'd let her chop that one up.'This belted dress with a subtly floral print and classically Fifties full skirt didn't just prove lucky for Hepburn, who went on to receive the Best Actress statuette for her winning turn in Roman Holiday. The ceremony also marked the first time she wore a Hubert de Givenchy design to a Hollywood event. The designer had dressed her for Sabrina the previous year, marking the start of a sartorial partnership that would see Hepburn write Givenchy into her future film contracts. 'His are the only clothes in which I am myself,' she remarked in 1956.She may have lost out to Queen Helen Mirren in the race to the Best Actress trophy at the 79th Academy Awards, but Penelope Cruz was a winner on the red carpet in this sweeping blush-coloured number. While pale pink princess gowns are a mainstay of classic Oscars style (see Gwyneth Paltrow, Jennifer Lawrence et al), the feathered skirt and sculptural bodice make this Atelier Versace number a showstopper in its own right.To collect her Best Actress Oscar for Million Dollar Baby in 2005, Hilary Swank opted for this deceptively simple gown by French designer Guy Laroche. With its long sleeves and high neckline, the navy-blue gown (fashioned from 27 yards of silk jersey) appeared sedate, even demure, from the front; the cut-away back and exquisite draping, however, made this dress unforgettable. A lesson in 'less is more' style.Elizabeth Taylor certainly knew how to make a statement, as exemplified by her casually pairing this simple draped gown (by MGM costumier Helen Rose, who designed Taylor's outfits for Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, as well as Grace Kelly's now-iconic wedding dress) with a fur stole, elbow-length gloves and a Cartier tiara, a gift from third husband Mike Todd. If ever an image could encapsulate Hollywood glamour, this might just be it.Jennifer Lopez appeared to have danced straight out of a Disney fairy tale in this embellished princess dress by red carpet fail safe Elie Saab. A departure from her typical fashion formula, the couture gown's embellished overlay was decked out in pearls and sequins, while the extensive tulle train was a certified show-stopper. It's hard to imagine any of this year's Oscar contenders re-wearing a gown for their big night, however beloved. Grace Kelly, however, wore this pale blue-green gown, designed by costumier extraordinaire Edith Head, for the New York premiere of The Country Girl the previous year, choosing to recycle it when that film earned her an Academy Award nomination (and eventually, a win). She would go on to wear it a third time on the cover of Life magazine a few weeks later. Sixty years later, it remains one of her most iconic looks.This vintage Dior gown dates from the 1950s; appropriately, that's the decade Reese returned to for her Oscar winning turn as June Carter-Cash in Walk The Line. Rumour has it that the actress had to fight for this piece of fashion history, which was reportedly originally designed for royalty, after finding it in a Paris boutique. Just like Elle Woods, her perseverance paid off: the intricate beading, muted colours and classic V neckline couldn't look better.Attending the Academy Awards in 1991 as one half of the ultimate Nineties power couple (with then-boyfriend Richard Gere), Cindy Crawford managed to steal the show in this simple yet iconic scarlet dress courtesy of Versace, designer of choice for the supermodels. The plunging V-neck style wouldn't look out of place on the red carpet today.The 2001 Academy Awards was one of the biggest nights in Julia Roberts' career: she was nominated for – and went on to win - Best Actress for her role in Erin Brockovich. To find the perfect dress, she looked back through Valentino's archives, eventually choosing to keep things simple in this classic black and white style from 1984. Appropriately enough, the designer said he had been inspired by the allure of movie stars when working on the collection nearly twenty years before Julia's Oscar moment.Elie Saab gowns have become a mainstay of red carpet style, with Halle Berry amongst the label's legion of famous fans. The actress memorably wore a Saab creation with a sheer bodice when she made history as the first African-American Best Actress winner in 2002, and chose a simpler style by the same designer for the next year's ceremony, wowing in layers of embellished gold tulle.Ruth Negga's bold red Valentino gown is at once subtle and statement-making, and confirmed her status as an exciting new red carpet star. It's all in the details: the high neck line, the lace panel detail on the dramatic full skirt, the slightly capped sleeves and the almost Empire-line waist, not forgetting the unmissable sky blue of her ACLU pin.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If like us you’ve already been bombarded with a flurry of 2018 wedding invites, you’ll also be asking yourself, what the hell am I going to wear?Well, lucky for you we’ve trawled the shops so you don’t have to. So whether you’re after something classic, coloured, floral or anti-dress altogether – we’ve got the most stylish wedding guest options you really will want to wear again.Wedding guest dresses don’t have to be boring either. Yes, we all love a printed midi, but look to Rixo and Self Portrait for modern shapes and premium patterns. For discount designer buys The Outnet is your go-to for shopping online and for the rest, turn to the high street for the ultimate guest dressing staplesThis is your chance to wear your favoutite colour. Weddings were made for patterns, florals and colour. Yellow is huge this season and even better will go with shoes and accessories you already have. Midi styles rule over other lengths, but maxi and mini dresses are great options too. Just make sure your mini is just above the knee and your maxi’s don’t overshadow the bride’s train!If dresses really aren’t your thing a summer suit is the ideal wedding guest outfit for you. There are tons of pastel co-ords in stores right now. Choose either skinny cigarette pant style sets, or take notes from Victoria Beckham in monochromatic wide leg suits.2018 wedding guest dressing is all about colour. Even if you’ve opted for a subdued dress or suit, you can make your outfit pop with cool coloured accessories. Statement earrings are still huge and are an affordable addition. Shoes can also be bright, but stick to classic styles like strappy black heeled sandals or pointed courts, so you know you’ll wear them again.So, go forth, shop and celebrate LOVE with our wedding guest style edit..Wear with pointy red slingbacks and big earrings for weddings then switch for trainers and white tee underneath to dress it down for day.Magenta Daisy Midi Dress, £177, C/MEO Collective at Fashion Bunker New Wedding Guest Dresses 2018 Grazia1of16This is for the ladies who love wearing black. With just a hint of colour, it makes this dress totally wearable and acceptable for weddings.Fairfax Georgette Wrap Dress, £200, Ganni For a dress no one else will be wearing, head to Farfetch.Floral Embroidered Dress, £2,300, Fendi at FarfetchAnother perfect style for girls who love to stick with dark dresses. The floral pattern and sheer fabric makes it ideal for all weather situations.Patterned Ruffle Mid Dress, £110, & Other Stories This suits-all sunshine yellow style is SO versatile. Yellow Joyce Dress, £120, BodenWear with pointy red slingbacks and big earrings for weddings then switch for trainers and white tee underneath to dress it down for day.Magenta Daisy Midi Dress, £177, C/MEO Collective at Fashion Bunker The ideal any-occasion dress. Premium Red V-Neck Silk Dress, £119, H&MA modern striped style that looks as good with trainers in the day as it does dressed up with your classic pointed courts for wedding guest chic.Striped Dress, £29.99, MangoAvailable in four different colourways, this wrap style is so flattering, you'll want to wear it all summer long.French Quarter Wrap Dress in Sunshine Combo, £108, Free PeopleA modern take on shoulder styling, this zingy coloured maxi with side split is perfect for wedding guest cool. Asymmetric Tie Sleeve Maxi Dress, £49.99, Plain Studio at OWNTHELOOK.comThe perfect wide leg trouser suit for all occasions. Add metallic accessories to soup up the glamour.Rodeo Suit Jacket, £265 Trousers £160, Reiss Asymmetric Floral Printed Chiffon Dress, £360, Self PortraitThe ideal w-day dress that comes in an array of cool colours and prints. Perfect for bridesmaids, too!Privacy Please Dress in Chrysanthemum Yellow, £127.65, RevolveYou really can't go wrong with Rixo. Their silky styles have the prettiest patterns EVER. Fedora 30s Bunch Floral Dress, £315, For epic discount designer buys, The Outnet is the mothership.Cutout Floral Print Silk Midi Dress, £276, 3.1 Phillip Lim at The Outnet Scallop Hem Lace Midi Dress, £99, Warehouse A perfect wedding guest staple. Dress up with statement earrings, brightly coloured heels and clutch.Navy Crossover Jumpsuit, £69.99, Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If we had a list of dream wardrobes that we would like to raid, former J Crew creative director Jenna Lyons would score highly. The woman credited with creating J Crew’s signature preppy style left the brand after 27 years with them in 2017, and in that time she amassed quite the collection of J Crew pieces as well as designer items. Now, she’s selling 187 pieces on designer resale site TheRealReal. ‘I have lived and breathed clothes for the past 31 years,’ Lyons explained. ‘Four of them in college, 27 with J.Crew and Madewell. I love clothes. I’ve collected for years. ‘Each piece represents a memory, an event marked,’ she continued. ‘I found myself holding on to the clothes for the meaning and not spending enough time actually wearing them. My body has changed, my mind has changed, and it seemed that this was a good time in my life as I think about next steps—to let someone else love them.’Pieces in the sale include a red asymmetrical Prada gown, a pink Miu Miu shearling coat and snakeskin Christian Louboutin pumps, as well as J Crew coats, dresses and skirts. Numerous pieces have already sold, so be quick if you want a piece of Lyons' wardrobe! Shop Jenna Lyons' wardrobe here. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Emma Stone is at the top of her game RN. Not only is she an award-winning actress, reportedly the highest paid actress in the world, now she’s nailing the fashion industry, too – all before she hits 30.Louis Vuitton have partnered with the redhead star before, in October last year she became the new face and ambassador for the French brand and has been frequently seen on red carpets wearing outfits from the latest runway collections designed by Creative Director Nicolas Ghesquière.So we weren’t surprised to see Stone star in Louis Vuitton’s brand new campaign for their covetable handbags. Posing in a whimsy dessert landscape, in printed prairie dresses with her signature fiery red hair blowing in the wind, Emma clutches the new collection of LV logo emblazoned bags that are pretty minimal compared to their usual iconic printed styles.Distancing themselves from photographer Patrick Demarchelier amid ongoing sexual misconduct accusations, the images shot by Craig McDean, were teased on Louis Vuitton’s Instagram page with film snippets, revealing the ‘The Spirit of Travel’ returns. The continuing theme for their handbag campaigns that have been shot all over the world, with previous stars facing the campaigns including Alicia Vikander, Jennifer Connelly and Michelle Williams.Louis Vuitton said of the campaign that the images embody ‘a heroine who is daring, confident and always on the move.’ With Stone also commenting on the project ‘I am very happy and proud to be working with a house as passionate as Louis Vuitton, as well as with the unique style and creations of Nicolas Ghesquière.’All we know is, we now need a new handbag… Preferably new season LV.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Barbie makers Mattel have recently unveiled a new set of celeb dolls which celebrate diversity. Plus size model Ashley Graham and Olympic female boxer Nicola Adams were both reimagined into their own mini plastic versions to celebrate International Women’s Day.But the latest style icon to join Barbie’s gang is 96 year-old fashion legend Iris Apfel. The doll  sees a likeness of Apfel dressed in a replica of the bright green Gucci suit she wore on the cover of her book, Accidental Icon, as well as her signature oversized round glasses and statement jewellery.Iris Apfel is an obvious choice for Barbie’s fashion squad, a legend of the fashion scene her career in fashion and interior design has spanned decades and boasts over 827k followers on Instagram, where she documents her fabulous outfits. The 96-year-old New Yorker’s tag line reads ‘More is more & less is a bore,’ which perfectly explains her love for excessive dressing.The Iris Apfel Barbie is sadly one-of-a-kind, so actually won’t be available to buy, but Mattel have confirmed they will be releasing a ‘Styled By’ range, where one of the dolls will feature style inspiration from the 'geriatric darling's' eclectic wardrobe.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion world is vicious, it’s a fickle beast that culls trends faster than our bank balance can keep up. Trends have a life-cycle, sometimes it’s a few months others are several years. It doesn’t take much to recall a time when Juicy and Uggs were deemed ‘out’ and yet, here we are, in spring 2018 looking at a world where both brands are back on top. Since we’ve reached the end of fashion month, now is the prime time to take stock of what’s ‘trendy’.As they say, history repeats itself, so don’t do anything hasty as we’re willing to put money on that fact that these nine trends will rear their head again. For now, bury them in the back of your wardrobe and take a look at what’s ‘in’ for spring and what’s incoming for winter:Sorry Molly Goddard but everyone from Giambattista Valli to Hennies has copied your charmingly girlish gowns. Really, it's a compliment. However, the sartorial gods (read: Chanel, Helmut Lang and Valentino) have moved the conversation along and updated the sheer trend with sticky, sweaty, steamy plastic.Replace with: PlasticThe early 2000s look of sunglasses big enough to hide half your face is done, done, done. Blame the Hadid's and their stylist for the proliferation of micro sunnies on the SS18 runways. Put Matrix on your mood board because that's the look to aim for.Replace with: Mini framesIn punchy colours and preferably with big '80s shoulder pads, the blazer has replaced the biker jacket for spring. It's a lot lighter and more modern. As a side note, it's taken down all the biker-inspired trends with it, like exposed zip skirts and black leather LBDs.Replace with: BlazersBig buck brands like Gucci, Fendi and Balenciaga are shouting their names at us so loud that wishy-washy feminist slogan tops are being drowned out. Say 'no' this season to that top that puts peaches on your tits and makes a sassy comment about the patriarchy without donating to a women's lib charity.Replace with: LogoHands up if you've had enough of cold knees? Us too. It was a slow progression from frayed and ripped denim to the ubiquitous slashed-knee styles. Now we've reached peak knee reveal it's time to cover them up.These deeply impractical and often painful (if you've ever got a toe caught you'll know) tights, rose to the top of the 'trendy' pile so fast that their timely end comes as little surprise. When an affordable item, like this, burns so bright it's likely to catch on like wildfire and that sadly is the cause of its speedy demise. Take into account, we're heading into summer and really no-one wants to be faffing with hosiery in humidity.Replace with: Coloured TightsFinally, we can say 'buh-bye' to real fur stalking the runways. Instead, the facsimile of it was spotted at Gucci, Michael Kors and Balenciaga. Rejoice.The off-the-shoulder trend has had a good stint. From the Bardot top, it developed into dresses, jackets, sweaters and shirts, some were totally OTS others sufficed with a pair of cut-outs. The exhaustive mutation of this very specific look has meant it's been done to death. There is no more originality here. And, we're tired of weird tan-lines and chilly shoulders.Replace with: Oversized 80s SleevesThe fact that Smeg made a rose quartz range and Ivanka Trump has gone hard on the blush pink trend rang the death knell for MP. In its place comes every other type of pastel imaginable, but especially lilac. Why? Because Pantone said so.Replace with: Ultra VioletThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Scandi style had long been synonymous with clean lines, a muted colour palette and fuss-free, almost androgynous separates – until Danish label Ganni started to appear on our Instagram feeds, slowly but surely challenging almost everything we’d previously associated with this particular aesthetic. Now one of the biggest draws on the Copenhagen Fashion Week schedule (alongside the likes of Astrid Anderson and By Malene Birger), the brand has won over fans in their droves – us included – with bold prints, eccentric shapes and covetable knitwear. Whereas once we’d look to the four major fashion capitals for street style inspiration, these days we’re just as inspired by shots from Copenhagen, Stockholm and even Oslo, thanks to Ganni and a clutch of similar Scandi brands that are as colourful, wearable and downright fun.  This new guard of Nordic brands offers much more than just minimalism, though some of them do that pretty well, too - whether it’s the intricate prints of fashion editor turned designer Stine Goya (another Copenhagen export), Parisian-inflected eveningwear from the award-winning Veronica B. Vallenes or classic separates by Toteme. And while our Ganni obsession is unlikely to wane any time soon, as their recent A/W’18 catwalk offering confirmed, there’s surely no harm in adding the below brands to your bookmarked tabs…Credit: Stine GoyaFrom Central St. Martins student to model to fashion editor, Stine Goya has seen the industry from just about every angle. For the past decade or so, she's focused her creative talents upon her eponymous, Copenhagen-based label. A glance at her playful, often heavily patterned designs will banish the misconception that Scandinavian style has to be synonymous with minimalism and monochrome shades. Her S/S'18 collection is a riot of print, colour and embellishment that's crying out to be Kira-Kira-ed; head to Net-a-Porter for an exclusive edit to mark the brand's 10th anniversary. stinegoya.comCredit: FWSSCopenhagen and Stockholm are rightly feted for their fashion weeks, but don't underestimate Oslo. Fall Winter Spring Summer (or FWSS for a more Google-friendly option) is just one of a clutch of brands making a case for Norwegian style. Their offering is an eclectic one, encompassing anything from structured separates with graphic stripes and clean lines to cosy knitwear or simple broderie dresses, but doesn't feel fussy or try-hard. Look out for their prairie-style floral printed dresses in green and red, as worn by just about every Scandinavian influencer on your Instagram feed.fallwinterspringsummer.comCredit: By TimoFor the ultimate in fashion escapism, look to By TiMo's flowing, '70s-referencing maxi dresses in pastel shades and fabrics. Their loose, bohemian silhouettes and strikingly intricate prints have even caught the Duchess of Cambridge's eye: Kate wore a By TiMo dress on the Norwegian leg of her recent Scandinavian tour. Plus, the brand does more than just pay lip service to the concept of ethical fashion: they only use long-lasting fabrics to reduce waste, ensure their factory workers have good working conditions and their website employs disadvantaged women in Oslo. bytimo.noCredit: Veronica B. VallenesNorwegian designer Veronica B Vallenes' collections are a study in classically Scandi elegance, all clean lines, strong silhouettes and the kind of draping that looks effortless but takes serious skill to pull off. Her dresses, whether evening gowns with intricate necklines or throw-it-on styles in simpler shapes, are particular standouts, as is the check-print outerwear in her most recent collection. veronicabvallenes.comCredit: Lovechild 1979Lovechild 1979's playful aesthetic embraces statement patterns (like this season's standout lemon-tree print, which crops up across everything from silk dresses to swimwear) bold, exaggerated shapes and fun slogan knits. Founded nearly a decade ago by creative director Anne-Dorthe Larsen (who also heads up another womenswear brand, nué notes), the label's all-female design team takes inspiration from tiny details, rather than over-arching trends. Price wise, t-shirts tend to fall around the £50 mark, with dresses between £150 and £250 and knits around £200.lovechild1979.comCredit: Totême,Stockholm-based Totême has 'Instagram-friendly' embedded in its design DNA: the label is the brainchild of Elin Kling, the original Scandi super-influencer, and her partner Karl Lindman. Favoured by the likes of Alicia Vikander and Kate Bosworth, the brand (which recently made its fashion week debut in the Swedish capital) has a go-to palette of rich neutrals – slate grey, classic camel, oatmeal – making its separates the perfect building blocks for a low-key capsule wardrobe. toteme-studio.comCredit: Baum Und PferdgartenAlready a major draw on the Copenhagen Fashion Week circuit and with an ever-growing fan base outside of Scandinavia, Baum Und Pferdgarten's creative directors Rikke Baumgarten and Helle Hestehave (the brand name is a portmanteau; we'll leave you to get your head around all those consonants in your own time) always bring a sense of fun to their designs, whether that's through clashing prints, neon colours or attention-grabbing accessories.baumundpferdgarten.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite its association with the questionable style choices of Liz Hurley and VB pre-catwalk, white denim is making the rounds again.  White jeans were a main fixture on the street style circuit this past fashion month, and a quick scroll through some of our favourite Instagram account tells a similar story. With bare leg weather still a distant dream, white jeans provide a great sartorial alternative for spring that doesn’t involve foregoing comfort or warmth. Moreover, after months of living in dark denim, white jeans are the perfect way to welcome the new season without changing much else about your outfit.While white denim gets a bad rap for being unflattering, this isn’t the case when you choose a relaxed fit. Stay clear of super skinny options and instead look for a straight leg, boyfriend style or flare. This spring we’ve been loving the array of cropped flared styles which look equally good paired with ankle boots as they do with trainers. Plus, if bright white jeans seem too far out your comfort zone you could always try cream or ivory hues for a more wearable option. Scroll down to see our favourite looks and top product picks... Magdamagdamagda 🔥A post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Mar 12, 2018 at 7:50am PDTFor a statement look take your cue from Camille Charriere and wear head-to-toe white. Just make sure to avoid the red wine.   When I was so ready for spring about three days ago and now I’ve had to try and squeeze leggings under my white jeans again ❄️❄️❄️ 📷 @joegalvinphotoA post shared by  Olivia (@livpurvis) on Feb 28, 2018 at 6:07am PSTWe love Liv Purvis' take on the trend mixing white and blush pink hues.  Pre polar conditions in the best white denim from @freepeopleuk, tomorrow morning I shall be walking (read: skating) to their Kings Road boutique to get more of a denim fix. ❄️⛷ #fpgirls ph. @deanmartindaleA post shared by  Lizzy Hadfield (@shotfromthestreet) on Feb 28, 2018 at 11:02am PSTFor a dressed down option pair white jeans with a blazer and slip on Vans. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From self-service checkouts to digital-only receipts, Zara, and parent company Inditex, is constantly looking for new ways to incorporate the latest technology into the shopping experience. Now, the Spanish brand is pushing boundaries further with the launch of augmented reality app.Aptly named Zara AR, the shop-the-look app was dreamed up by Creative Director Ezra Petronio of Self Service magazine fame. Revealed to press at the brand’s headquarters in Spain yesterday, the app will be trialled for two weeks in April at 120 flagship Zara stores.To experience Petronio’s vision customers will need to download the app, scan a QR code and then point their smartphone at three dedicated activation points throughout the store. Models Léa Julian and Fran Summers then appear wearing pieces from the Studio Collection in seven to twelve second sequences. Zara fans can then shop items directly or share the experience via their social media channels by taking photos of the holograms. The app can also work in the digital space with online customers able to point their phone at orders on the website.Much-loved for its quick turnaround of catwalk trends at affordable prices, Zara now has 7500 stores worldwide in 93 different countries.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In partnership with Sloggi.We may have just celebrated International Women's Day, but that doesn't mean that you have to wait until next year to commend all of the amazing women doing amazing things. You can celebrate female empowerment anywhere and at any time - just have a read through Grazia's recommendations below for some inspiration on how to do so.Meeting inspiring women is a great way to celebrate female empowerment. And with lots of female networking events out there (both free and ticketed), it couldn't be easier to expand your friendship circle. You can search on Eventbrite to see which types of networking events are on in the areas where you live. We recommend looking for things like mentoring groups, women-led workshops and talks, and networking drinks.This coming-of-age female story is one that a lot of women can relate to - it touches on topics such as your education, your relationship with your mother, teen friendships, and fancying the most unattainable person in your year (we've all been there). And what's more, it was directed by the inimitable Greta Gerwig, which makes it all the more worth a watch.Let's face it: nobody likes uncomfortable, ill-fitting underwear. So if us women have to wear a bra every single day, we at least want it to feel like second skin. Cue 'Zero Feel', the ultra comfortable lingerie collection by sloggi.This innovative brand's lightweight bras have been designed with a woman's needs and wants in mind - they're practical, snug, liberating, and are available in six must-have colours. What makes them different from other bras is that they have no wires, no seams, and are laser cut, meaning they're invisible under clothing (the dream, we know). Basically, the Zero Feel collection means that you no longer have to suffer to be in style. Right, we're throwing out our restrictive underwear as we speak...Shop sloggi’s new Zero Feel collection below:Sloggi - commercial gallery2of4The Feminist Fight Club by Jessica Bennett is a book that every woman should own. It's a witty, must-read survival manual for the sexist workplace, and will provide you with an arsenal of weapons that will help you fight patriarchy day-to-day. Trust us: you'll want to read and then re-read this hilarious book.These are two podcasts that every woman should have downloaded onto her mobile. The first - The Guilty Feminist podcast - comedically discusses the interesting topics that all 21st century feminists agree and disagree on. The second - The High Low podcast - is brought to you by Dolly Alderton and Pandora Sykes, and takes the form of a weekly pop-culture and news podcast. We love.The best way to celebrate female empowerment is with your nearest and dearest. So, why not throw a small get together dinner with your closest friends who you admire and who inspire you. It will be an evening full of laughter, love, and a whole lot of wine.There are lots of empowered women doing amazing things, so why not take some time to celebrate and support their achievements? You can do this by splurging on a new outfit created by your favourite female designer, watching a new film directed by a woman, or even admiring some artwork that celebrates the female form. Go, go, go!Shop the innovative Zero Feel collection from sloggi here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Selena Gomez x Coach collaboration is back for 2018, and it’s set to be bigger and better than ever before. Following on from the sellout success of her accessories collection with the American fashion company, Gomez is stepping into the design hot seat once again.This time the singer will be working with Coach creative director Stuart Vevers to create a ready-to-wear clothing collection. Taking to Instagram to share the news with her 134 million followers, Gomez posted a sneak peek at on her upcoming pieces.‘Fam, my second collection for @coach is going to include clothes! So grateful I got to work on this with @stuartvevers. Can’t wait to show you this fall. #CoachxSelena #CoachNY,’ the most followed star on the platform wrote.The range will include clothing, small leather goods and handbags, and is said to channel Gomez’s ‘unapologetically confident and powerful feminine spirit.'‘I am so excited to be working with Coach again. Getting to create my own collection with Stuart has been such a fun process, and I can’t wait for everyone to see what we have been working on over the past several months,’ Gomez commented.While we know little more about the designs at this stage, the snapshot of the blush pink and violet trimmed lace has certainly piqued our interest.See Selena Gomez's best looks in the gallery below...Selena Gomez In Lovers + Friends – The Alliance For Children's Rights' 21st Annual Dinner - March 2013Selena Gomez at the 2011 American Music AwardsSelena Gomez at the Alison Brod Showroom in 2008Selena Gomez at the American Ballet Theatre 2014 Opening Night Spring Gala - May 12, 2014Selena Gomez at the 1st Annual Unite4:humanity event - February 27, 2014Selena Gomez at the 2011 Billboard Music AwardsSelena Gomez at Flaunt magazine En Garde! issue launch party - November 7, 2013Selena Gomez at the 2009 Creative Arts Emmy AwardsSelena Gomez visits SiriusXM Radio in 2011Selena Gomez in Dolce & Gabbana at Spring Breakers film premiere, MadridSelena Gomez in Dolce & Gabbana at Spring Breakers 2013 SXSW Festival - March 2013Selena Gomez at the Justin Timberlake & Friends Concert 2010Selena Gomez at the 2012 MuchMusic Video AwardsSelena Gomez at the 2011 Teen Choice AwardsSelena Gomez in Gucci at 'Spring Breakers' film premiere, ParisSelena Gomez at the 'Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix' premiere in 2007Selena Gomez at the 'High School Musical 3' LA premiere in 2008Selena Gomez in Julien Macdonald at the 2013 MTV Movie AwardsSelena Gomez at the 'Kit Kittredge' LA Premiere in 2008Selena Gomez at the 2011 MTV European Music AwardsSelena Gomez at the 2012 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice AwardsSelena Gomez in Oscar de la Renta at 2013 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards - March 2013Selena Gomez at the 2012 Teen Choice AwardsSelena Gomez at the 2011 Vanity Fair Oscar PartySelena Gomez at the Late Show With David LettermanSelena Gomez on 'The View' 2009Selena Gomez at the 2012 Vanity Fair Oscar PartySelena Gomez at the 2014 Vanity Fair Oscar Party - March 3, 2014Selena Gomez at the Venice Film Festival 2012Selena Gomez in Vera Wang at 'Getaway' LA Premiere - 26 August 2013Selena Gomez in Versace at 'Spring Breakers' film premiere, BerlinSelena Gomez in Versus Versace J.W. Anderson Collection at Late Show With David Letterman - 17 October 2013Selena Gomez at Hollywood Stands Up To Cancer Event - Tuesday, January 28, 2014© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite many bridal traditions remaining the same - whether it is the ivory dress or a veil - there are small shifts in trends every 12 months that make weddings look subtly different as time goes by. Every year, global fashion search platform Lyst analyses shopping and search habits to find out what the current crop of brides-to-be are looking for when it comes to their big day and what the biggest new bridal trends are. Here are 2018’s five major takeaways…Brides are moving away from the traditional floor-length ivory gown and are instead opting for more modern, functional options, with searches for bridal jumpsuits and bridal suits increasing by 113%. Recent celebrity brides could factor into this, including Emily Ratajkowski, who wed in a mustard-coloured Zara suit last month. One of the most famous brides to wear a suit is of course Bianca Jagger, who wed Rolling Stone Mick in a white skirt suit with nothing underneath, accessorising simply with a white floppy hat and veil.   It is good news if you are still considering a wedding dress though, as Lyst has seen a price drop of 5% in the past year, with the average bride spending £790 on her dress. High street wedding dresses have increased in popularity too, with Topshop, Coast and ASOS dominating the market, as well as Needle & Thread and Reformation. In terms of the kinds of dresses people want, there's a split: some brides are opting for more modest, high-neck designs, while others want backless or nude looks. Another move away from tradition is the rise of colourful bridal dresses, with searches for gowns in yellow, red and even black have risen in the past 12 months. Famous brides who have opted for non-classic ivory include Gwen Stefani, who married in dip-dyed pink, and Jessica Biel, who also chose a pale pink gown. The designers tipped to be in the running to design Meghan Markle's royal wedding dress have been experiencing a boom in popularity, with searches for Erdem, Ralph & Russo, Misha Nonoo and Roland Mouret all up considerably. Are these brides-to-be who want to mimic Ms Markle's style? Almost certainly. Call it the Simone Rocha effect, but pearl hair clips have been the most in-demand bridal accessory over the past year. Searches for headpieces and other hair clips have also risen by 39%, while 1920s-esque feathered products are also increasing in popularity. Daisy Buchanan eat your heart out. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was the most talked about dress of 2010. When Kate Middleton, now the Duchess of Cambridge, announced her engagement to Prince William at Buckingham Palace, she memorably wore a navy-blue wrap dress by British label Issa, the £575 style sold out in a matter of minutes, kick-starting the phenomenon now known as the ‘Kate effect’ in the process.If the classic wrap dress has been playing on your mind ever since, we come bearing good news. After going into administration back in 2015, Issa has relaunched in partnership with House of Fraser and has brought back the now-iconic style for just £99, a fraction of the original price. It’ll also be available in a range of jewel tones, including emerald green, yellow and a bold red-orange shade (though you’ll have to wait until the end of March for the latter two to drop). Naturally, the gown has been renamed as ‘the Kate’ in honour of its most famous patron.This isn’t the first time that Issa founder Daniella Helayel has brought back her best-known creation. Back in 2016, the designer joined forces with another high street brand, Monsoon, for a capsule collection comprising – you guessed it – a selection of wrap dresses, including one V-necked style in navy blue.While you might assume that such a public endorsement from the most photographed woman in the world would prove fortuitous for a fashion brand, it wasn’t always the case for Issa. In a 2016 interview with the Daily Mail, Helayel revealed how the huge public demand for dresses just like Kate’s brought the brand to its knees, explaining how at the time of the engagement, the brand was ‘on the verge of financial crisis.’‘From the day of the royal engagement our sales doubled. I didn’t have the money to finance production on that scale,’ she said. ‘The bank refused to give me credit, and the factory was screaming for me to pay its bills.’While Helayel eventually found an investor, she departed from the business shortly after. Now, she’s found success with a new brand, Dhela, and has revitalised Issa with House of Fraser too.Kate Middleton Style - Best Dresses & Outfits2of64Kate Middleton at the mens singles final of the Wimbledon Championships - July 6, 2014Kate Middleton visits an M-PACT Plus Counselling programme - July 1, 2014Kate Middleton at the ANZAC Day commemorative service - April 25, 2014Kate Middleton at a service during the D-Day 70 Commemorations - June 6, 2014Kate Middleton during an official visit to Bletchley Park - June 18, 2014Kate Middleton and Prince George of Cambridge at the Royal Charity Polo - June 15, 2014Kate Middleton at the Ben Ainslie Racing America's Cup Launch Event - June 10, 2014The Duchess of Cambridge wearing Jonathan Saunders in Scotland - 29th May 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Hobbs at Ayers Rock - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Lela Rose in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Adelaide - 23 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Catherine Walker in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge at Taronga Zoo in Sydney - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic in Uluru - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zimmerman at Manley Beach - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Easter service, Ausralia - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in L.K. Bennett at Amberley Air Base - 19 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Christchurch, New Zealand - 14 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic arriving in Sydney, Australia - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Rebecca Taylor leaving New Zealand - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Diane Von Furstenberg in Blue Mountains, Australia - 17 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara wine tasting in New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jonathan Saunders at rugby in Dunedin, New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Erdem at Avanti Drome in Hamilton, New Zealand - 12 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Emilia Wickstead at Dunedin - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara and J Brand at Auckland harbour, New Zealand - 11 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jenny Packham at State Dinner, New Zealand - 10 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Tory Burch in Wellington, New Zealand - 9 April 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit the Valero Pembroke Refinery, Pembrokeshire, Wales, Britain - 08 Nov 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visits SportsAid event, London, Britain - 12 Nov 2014Royal Variety Performance, London Palladium, Britain - 13 Nov 2014Place2Be Wellbeing in Schools Award, Kensington Palace, London, Britain - 19 Nov 2014EACH Hospices Appeal Launch at The Norwich Showground, Norfolk, Britain - 25 Nov 2014Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William visit to New York, America - 07 Dec 2014New York, America - 08 Dec 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge at the Brooklyn Nets v Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA Basketball match - 08 Dec 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit to New York, America - 09 Dec 2014St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art- 09 Dec 2014Christmas Day Service - 25 Dec 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge officially names The Clore Art Room at Barlby Primary School, London, Britain - 15 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge visits The Fostering Network, Highbury, London, Britain - 16 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge formally opens Kensington Aldridge Academy, London, Britain - 19 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge visits the home of Ben Ainslie Racing and the 1851 Trust, Portsmouth, Britain - 12 Feb 2015Duchess of Cambridge visit to Staffordshire, Britain - 18 Feb 2015Commonwealth Day Observance, Westminster Abbey, London, Britain - 09 Mar 2015Duchess of Cambridge Margate 11 Mar 2015Service of Commemoration to Mark the End of Combat Operations in Afghanistan, St Paul's Cathedral, London, Britain - 13 Mar 2015St Patrick's Day Parade, Aldershot Barracks, Hampshire, Britain - 17 Mar 2015Brookhill Children's Centre 18 Mar 2015Royal baby girl born at the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital, London, Britain - 02 May 2015Anna Freud Centre, London, Britain - 17 Sep 2015HMP Send, Woking, Surrey, Britain - 25 Sep 2015Harrow College, London, Britain - 10 Oct 2015Chinese President Xi Jinping State Visit to London, Britain - 21 Oct 2015Dundee, Scotland, Britain - 23 Oct 2015James Bond 'Spectre' CTBF film premiere, Royal Albert Hall, London, Britain - 26 Oct 2015Islington Town Hall, London, Britain - 27 Oct 2015.100 Women in Hedge Funds gala dinner, London, Britain - 27 Oct 2015Fostering Network Awards, BMA House, London, Britain - 17 Nov 2015Wales, Britain - 20 Nov 2015Action on Addiction,Warminster, Wiltshire - 10 Dec 2015The Anna Freud Centre, London, Britain - 15 Dec 2015Sandringham Christmas Service - 25 Dec 2015© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This season we've been forced to bid farewell to Phoebe Philo's era as creative director of Céline. While she'll be dearly missed, we can't say we're not thankful that the same school of effortless, sophisticated fashion is being championed by one of the high street's newest names: Arket. Though part of the H&M family, it stands with its own very appealing identity. The utilitarian versatility of its covetable styles has got us hooked. Not only do they look tangibly more expensive than they are (especially the dark denim) but they, like Céline's pieces, have longevity sewn into their very fabric. These pieces are trans-seasonal and rise above trends so you can wear them now or in three years time and still look slick. Now, tell me who wouldn't want that?We're especially keen on that boilersuit, which touches base with SS18's trends without giving in to the gimmick. And, the same can be said for that floral blazer, which has something of the Dries Van Noten about it. Needless to say, that's a very, very good thing. You'll be seeing us at checkout.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From her chic ensembles in Sabrina to the ballerina wedding gown in Funny Face to that little black dress in Breakfast at Tiffany’s, our idea of Audrey Hepburn as a style icon both on screen and off is inextricably linked to the vision of legendary couturier Hubert de Givenchy, who has died at the age of 91. One of fashion and film’s most enduring partnerships – and a defining friendship for both parties –  began in the summer of 1953, when Givenchy, then 26 years old and rushing to prepare his fourth collection, received a phone call, informing him that a ‘Miss Hepburn’ had arrived in Paris and wished to meet with him. Reminiscing years later, the designer admitted he’d assumed it would be Katharine Hepburn – by far the more established star at the time – not the ingénue who arrived at his Rue Alfred de Vigny studio wearing a straw hat, t-shirt and ballerina pumps. Audrey, who’d recently wrapped Roman Holiday, was preparing for her next role in Sabrina, a Cinderella-esque romance with a plot that hinges upon her character’s returning from Paris as a sophisticated leading lady, an on-screen transformation which would require a wardrobe upgrade to make it all the more striking. With legendary costume designer Edith Head already on board for the film (she’d previously dressed the rising star as a European princess in Roman Holiday), Audrey had asked the studio if she could wear a ‘real’ Parisian dress, by a real Parisian designer. They’d demurred, initially pointing her in the direction of master couturier Cristobal Balenciaga, but at just a few weeks away from his next presentation, it was decided that the maestro shouldn’t be disturbed. Too preoccupied with his impending show to design anything especially for the actress, Givenchy did present her with a rail of samples from a past collection, encouraging her to try on anything that caught her eye. The three pieces that she picked – a white strapless ballgown embellished with beaded flowers, a double-breasted skirt suit and a black evening dress with an eye-catching neckline – were eventually immortalised as part of Sabrina’s wardrobe. Givenchy received no official credit for his influence upon Sabrina (Edith Head eventually won an Oscar for her Costume Design; indeed, it was only years after Head's death that Givenchy revealed the LBD in Sabrina had been his design, recreated in the Paramount workshop), but the meeting changed the course of his career. Hepburn henceforth added a very important caveat to every contract she’d sign: that Givenchy would be involved in dressing her for every film she appeared in. ‘His are the only clothes in which I am myself,’ she later remarked. Givenchy and Hepburn's working relationship persisted until the actress eventually stepped away from the movies to concentrate upon charity work, but she still wore her friend's designs until the end of her life. Givenchy's often groundbreaking, always sophisticated designs had the power to turn the actress from ingenue to icon.In the gallery below, you’ll find a selection of Audrey’s most memorable Givenchy outfits, on screen and off...Credit: ShutterstockJust one of many brilliant fashion moments in Funny Face is this striking strapless gown and matching shawl worn by Audrey in the film's photoshoot montage.Audrey Hepburn Givenchy2of15Just one of many brilliant fashion moments in Funny Face is this striking strapless gown and matching shawl worn by Audrey in the film's photoshoot montage.This subtly printed dress proved lucky for Audrey at the 1953 Oscars, as she walked away with the Best Actress statuette for her winning turn in Roman Holiday. It also marked the first time that the star wore Givenchy for a Hollywood event.The princess gown worn by Audrey in Sabrina marks the start of her collaboration with Givenchy - and with a design as beautiful as this, who can blame her for never wanting to be dressed by anyone else?Givenchy often dressed Audrey in classic strapless gowns with embellished bodices, cinched-in waists and full skirts, these outfits often coinciding with a transformative moment in her films.No retrospective of Givenchy's designs - or of costume design in general - would be complete without a nod to the ultimate Little Black Dress, as worn by Audrey as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany's. A more casual look for a picnic scene in Love In The Afternoon. Yes, another Little Black Dress. This elegant design (seen in a promotional shot with co-stars Humphrey Bogart and William Holden) proved so popular with viewers that Givenchy re-named the neckline the 'décolleté Sabrina.'And another! For Funny Face, the film about a shy bookshop worker who accidentally becomes a world famous model when she catches the attention of a leading photographer, one of Audrey's countless ensembles was this structured black day dress. A particular fashion-forward Funny Face ensemble was this wedding dress, with its plain bodice and a 'tea dress'-style skirt decked out in layers of tulle.Glamorous furs for Love In The Afternoon, in which Audrey's character uses costume as a means of projecting a sophisticated new identity.Another little black dress, another statement-making Breakfast at Tiffany's look. Paired with a wide-brimmed hat and over-sized glasses for a visit to Sing Sing prison, this particular LBD has a shorter skirt and fringed hem.For Charade, Givenchy dressed Audrey in a selection of sleek coats with rounded collars like this one.While it was Cecil Beaton who eventually won the Oscar for Costume Design for My Fair Lady, Givenchy was still on hand to consult and assist with Audrey's Eliza Doolittle wardrobe, including this exquisitely beaded evening gown worn for the scene at the ambassador's party.Paramount Pictures gave Givenchy $30,000 to dress Audrey's character in How To Steal A Million. He stepped up to the mark by costuming the star in a selection of colourful suits and pillbox hats that felt definitively '60s.Audrey wore bespoke Givenchy for both her weddings (not to mention a handful of on-screen weddings, too). For her second wedding to psychologist Andrea Dotti, she opted for a knee-skimming skirt (it was the '60s after all), long sleeves and a chic, Mod-influenced shape with matching headscarf.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I moved flat recently and realised, right about the time I started organising shoes into bags for TRAID, that I have a ridiculous number of trainers. What’s even more ridiculous? I was loathe to part with any and, more importantly, none are for exercising in.I pretty much wear trainers every day - to work, to weekend brunch, to friends' 30th birthday parties - and am so accustomed to a spongy sole that’s like a hug for the arch that even block-heeled ankle boots make my feet ache.The fashion pack agrees that the way forward is flat. First they were obsessed with Balenciaga’s sell-out and supersized Triple S trainers, then it was Louis Vuitton’s squiggle-soled Archlight sneaker. Now the buzz is around sustainable brands like Veja, Wado and Allbirds. The latter is, of this year, a carbon-neutral business, offsetting 100% of its emissions, and is working hard to reduce its footprint as much as possible by using low-carbon materials like Tencel Lyocell.Reformation and New Balance have just joined forces on the latter’s first sustainable-led collection. The five styles, which come in a spectrum of pleasing-on-the-eye pastels and each cost £85, use eco-friendly materials like post-consumed recycled polyester, in the linings, laces and labels, and chrome-free suede.When it comes to styling, anything goes. Try an out-out top, leather shorts and printed tights a la Giovanna Battaglia. Or a printed polo neck and track pants combo like model Indira Scott. The future, at least where your footwear is concerned, has never felt so comfy.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I don’t mean to be dramatic, but this has surely been the coldest and longest winter of all time. I truly can’t remember when I last woke up and my room wasn’t an icebox of a room and I wasn’t surrounded by blankets, dressing gowns and sadness. That was a bit dramatic. But the point stands that I’m so over my Puffer jacket - and Spring (or, as I call it, ‘top-and-a-light-jacket season’) can’t come soon enough.Due to the fact that about 90% of my spring/summer and festival wardrobe is made up of Urban Outfitters, I was excited to see what they had on offer this year. And I absolutely wasn’t disappointedUO, Red Striped Button-Down Shirt, £39; Urban Outfitters, Ribbed Half-Zip Mock Neck Jumper, £39; BDG, Side Stripe Notched Denim Mini Skirt, £36; UO, Sara Woven Flat Slides, £32This outfit is a tiny bit Primary School teacher vibes, but I'm actually kind of feeling it. Layering the dress with the zip up top and denim gives it a slight edge, while also keeping ya nice and warm.BDG, Boyfriend Black Denim Jacket, £56; Urban Outfitters, Ribbed Half-Zip Mock Neck Jumper, £39; UO, Picnic Polka Dot Smocked Halter Midaxi Dress, £52; UO, Sara Woven Flat Slides, £32This outfit is perfect for when you want to rock that carefree summer vibe, but you're actually a very cold person and the thought of getting your legs out terrifies you. Layering the tops provides a bit of insulation, while at the same time providing an extra dynamic to an otherwise fairly basic outfit – ideal. UO, Ecru Teddy Pop Over Hoodie, £45; UO, Mixed Print Wrap Maxi Skirt, £49FINALLY. FLEECE IS IN FASHION. Do you know how long I've waited to be able to go outdoors in a massive fleece and not resemble a middle-aged dog walker? I'm not usually a maxi skirt person, but I found myself coming around to this one. I think this was largely due to the presence the uh-mazing boots you'll see on my feet. If you (like me TBH) are a bit of a novice when it comes to heels, I'd steer clear. However, if you're willing to hobble about for a while they're absolutely worth the pain.BDG, Boyfriend Black Denim Jacket, £56; UO, Silence + Noise Audrey Mini Dress, £42; UO, Sara Woven Flat Slides, £32If you, like me, spend October to April mourning the loss of your denim jacket, you'll be pleased to know it's almost warm enough to wear one again. And I'll definitely be adding this one to my (already quite vast) collection. Pairing it with the dress also got me very excited for the not-too-distant day in which I get to throw away my excessively laddered winter tights. UO, Emilia Button-Through Cami, £29; BDG, Ecru High-Waisted Corset Jeans, £60; UO, Pippa Suede Pointed Toe Mules, £45Just going to come out and say it – I am obsessed with these trousers. They are flattering, comfortable and the living definition of chic. Due to the fact that I don't generally spend my summers lounging about with Emily Ratajkowski on a yacht, I can't really see where this outfit would fit in with my day-to-day life. But it's still something I'd very much like to own. Out From Under, Ribbed V-Neck Bodysuit, £20; BDG, Mom Bleached Raw Hem Jeans, £55; UO, Pippa Suede Pointed Toe Mules, £45This look is not one for meeting your boyfriend's parents in. I can promise that it won't go down well for very obvious reasons. That said, this is still up there with my favourite looks I tried on. I'll definitely be sporting it this summer while channelling my inner Bella Hadid at Coachella (I'll be at some shitty London festival in the rain, but still) This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion month has come to a close, so now is the time to take stock and see what trends died and came alive during the autumn winter 18 international collections. Naturally, our eyes haven’t been trained solely on the catwalk, for street style is just as important style arena as the runway these days. Throughout the four weeks of this fashion marathon, one specific item was seen again and again and again. From Danish label Saks Potts, it’s a statement-making belted coat lashed with fox fur (the less said about that the better) that feels equally ‘70s revival and modern. While we’re hoping a high street favourite will reinvent it this coming fall in faux-fur (and at a more affordable price point) until then, take note of just a few of its many famous admirers. Bye, Paris. Always a pleasure. RG @whatsupflo @purplefashionmagazineA post shared by  Alexa Chung (@alexachung) on Mar 4, 2018 at 7:54am PSTYou know when Chung gives an item her seal of approval it’s not only tasteful but timeless. Win-win. PFW Day 4: Parisian grandmother 🇫🇷A post shared by  Julia Hobbs (@juliahobbs_) on Mar 6, 2018 at 10:23am PSTModelling the Saks Potts design in black, she’s ticked off a second trend with her addition of a silk headscarf. And, she looks royally good. First class 💁🏼‍♀️ @sakspottsA post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on Mar 5, 2018 at 7:53am PSTSpotted: two of Paris Fashion Week’s best dressed looking cosy in Saks Potts. I wish I could live in this apartment 🙏🏻A post shared by  Reese Blutstein (@double3xposure) on Mar 4, 2018 at 8:05am PSTWith a picture neckline, this coat is poised to put your accessories on show, as Atlanta-based influencer Reese Bluster proves. Paris.Mood.Iconique. 🇫🇷💸 #PFW #triflingA post shared by  Toni-Blaze (@toniblaze) on Mar 5, 2018 at 8:33am PSTChannelling Mel B’s Spice Girl ways with a leopard print co-ord, Toni Blaze add’s a touch of Baby Spice to this fashion recipe with her cute-AF Saks Potts jacket. 🐸🌊A post shared by  MARIE WIBE JEDIG (@mariejedig) on Feb 26, 2018 at 8:35am PSTAs one of Copenhagen’s most popular influencers (she has a cool 58K followers), Marie proves this dress coat can be dressed-down with denim and cowboy boots. Fashion week got us like 😎 @adwoaaboah #couturesquelooksA post shared by  COUTURESQUE Magazine (@couturesquemag) on Feb 7, 2018 at 3:57am PSTModel of the moment Adwoa Aboah cuts straight to the point with this abbreviated twist on the front row-favourite.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Known for her soft lit photos and her softer body, Chloe Sheppard has started turning the camera to herself as often as she has her friends and muses. While she continues to smash it shooting campaigns for big brands, Sheppard particularly excels in self-portraiture. Images that combine the selfie culture with her romantic and feminine view on the world; selfies through a lens that’s bigger than your iPhone camera.‘I always put off photographing myself and turned my lens onto other girls, because I hated the way I looked and didn’t want to be reminded of it.’ Sheppard described her transition into self-portraiture, ‘When I started to photograph myself more, typically in mirrors and positioning my camera to hide my double chin, but as time has passed and I’ve taken more portraits of myself, I feel like I’ve become more at ease and show myself in a more honest light.’ I suppose this is somewhat a response to *a certain company's* recent tasteless move editing stretch marks on a model, which was clearly a marketing tactic to make their brand seem "representative" and "not conforming to normal conventional beauty standards" but actually it's just bullshit. Stretch marks are something that aren't a fucking trend and can be pasted on and off, or enhanced so your brand looks revolutionary, they are something that make me, and most likely millions of people insecure and to me reinforce the idea of how unattractive I am to everybody else in society and that my body isn't normal and is something to be ashamed of. Fair enough if you want your brand to be authentic and inclusive, but instead of BLATANTLY photoshopping the pictures, use models that already have such stretch marks, I am sure there are plenty of them. It's quite honestly insulting and does the opposite of what they probably intended. It reiterates the idea that stretch marks/eating junk/thick thighs whatever are OK but only when applied to a skinny girl. I'm just bored of all these companies acting like they give a shit and want to represent everybody when they really don't. I would never have posted a picture of myself like this in a million years before but I have honestly given up/realised my body's only purpose it to get me from a to b and want to use it to send a message. PS. Sorry to my family who will no doubt be confused as to why I've uploaded this lol and also a thank you to Ashley Armitage and Sophie Mayanne - 2 photographers whose work has considerably changed the way I turn a camera onto myself. PPS this is the first roll of b&w I've developed myself in like 3 yearsA post shared by  Chloe Sheppard (@eolhcsheppard) on Nov 10, 2017 at 11:38am PSTSheppard’s photos invoke sweetness and melancholia in turn. She emphasizes nostalgia through her poses, her vintage lingerie and rose littered surroundings. Reminiscent of a Lana Del Rey video or ‘0s film vixen, Sheppard replaces the typical thin damsel in bedroom scenes with her own fat frame. In turn, she becomes a public figure and a representative for the next generation of plus size teens to recognize themselves in.‘Wearing lingerie adds another level of vulnerability to my photos. When I walk down the street or sit on the tube I can always feel eyes on me, I feel like people are always staring at my big burden of a body and thinking negative things about it, so taking photos where I’m hardly wearing anything is kind of just a fuck you to everyone who thinks I take up too much space and shouldn’t reveal myself.’ Sheppard explained during our discussion on body positivity.Quickly, Sheppard realised that selfies and self-portraiture - the two go hand in hand throughout her work - were so much more than an act of vanity to preserve her youth on film. The images often applauded on social media, inspired her strong and often young fan base to explore body positivity, fat acceptance and self-love.‘The first time I took a self-portrait that was a stark contrast to my usual “face framing to look thinner” photos, it bared my fat stomach and stretch marks and was out of anger towards companies that I feel falsely coin the “body positive” term. It was then that it kind of clicked in my mind that I can use my body with power, and to send a message - that I could become the fat girl that’s trying to represent other people that look like her, that I wish I could have seen online when I was 14, impressionable and resented absolutely everything about my body.'In 2018, it definitely feels like Sheppard has become the role model she needed in her youth. She engages often with her followers, fans and even haters, discussing the nuances of the social movement that revolutionised how she saw herself. Being outspoken is an asset to Sheppard - she finds confidence not only with her photography but also with her words and open debate across her social media.‘When I refer to my body type, I am talking about being fat, something that is not represented fairly in mainstream media by any means.’ She commented, ‘Body positivity has shown me a way to see myself in a positive light, introduced me to other activists who champion people like myself and don’t beg change of them in the same way that society consistently does.’ Fat and happyA post shared by  Chloe Sheppard (@eolhcsheppard) on Dec 7, 2016 at 6:41pm PSTSheppard’s tips for shooting a body positive selfie seem personal to her, but they are flexible enough to be applied to your own interests. ‘For me, it’s about surrounding myself with things that are sentimental, that I relate to, and not trying too hard. To feel comfortable, I’ll play my favourite songs, and do my make up in a style I probably wouldn’t wear outside of the house but still, want to capture on film.’ She explains, ‘I think taking an empowering self-portrait is about being authentic, looking how you really look and wearing something that makes you feel good, whether that be wearing lingerie, or wearing a hoodie and flared jeans like I do most days.’‘Take up as much space as you possibly can in the photo, as girls we have constantly been made to feel like we should shrink ourselves, so defy that and own the frame. If you feel particularly strong about a topic, like environmentalism or feminism, bring pieces of that into the photo, draw all over the final photo with phrases that mean something to you. Empowering self-portraits, to me, are ultimately what show myself off the most and without trying to sound to cliché, it’s about self-expression and not being afraid to resist conventions.Things No One Will Tell Fat Girls by Jes BakerShrill by Lindy WestHunger by Roxane GayWhat’s Wrong with Fat? by Abigail SaguyThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Best known for her modern-classic day dresses and playful eveningwear favoured by everyone from Alexa Chung to Amal Clooney to – most famously – the Duchess of Cambridge, Emilia Wickstead has made her first foray into the athleisure sphere with a new collaboration with Bodyism, the fitness and lifestyle brand founded by James Duigan.The 13-piece activewear collection will, according to WWD, feature leggings and sports bras, as well as a crop top, jumpsuit and outerwear such as sweatshirts, a jacket and a hoodie. With unusual shapes – the Sienna crop top, for example, features a high, almost funnel-shape neckline and long sleeves – and a smattering of Wickstead’s signature florals, the collaboration seamlessly translates the brand’s aesthetic into the sportswear sphere.‘Exercise is such an integral part of so many women’s lives, and I wanted to approach activewear from a modern woman’s perspective,’ the designer told WWD. ‘I wanted to give my customer an activewear collection that is stylish, directional and unexpected, in keeping with our brand ethos. Health and fitness is also incredibly important to me personally, as is the confidence and empowerment that it lends to you every day.’Prices will start from £80 for a sports bra and range up to £280 for a jacket, available from Harrods, Selfridges, Net-a-Porter and Bodyism.com from 12th March. Wickstead, who is a long-time friend of Bodyism founder Duigan, has named the pieces after A-list fans of both brands, including Sienna Miller, Liv Tyler and Arizona Muse, who also stars in the campaign for the collaboration.‘I always name my collections after women I admire and names that I love. This collection is named after the clientele of both Emilia Wickstead and Bodyism and individuals that have been part of the Bodyism / Emilia Wickstead world and family for some time. I believe in names giving personality to a garment,’ she told WWD.Kate Middleton Style - Best Dresses & Outfits2of64Kate Middleton at the mens singles final of the Wimbledon Championships - July 6, 2014Kate Middleton visits an M-PACT Plus Counselling programme - July 1, 2014Kate Middleton at the ANZAC Day commemorative service - April 25, 2014Kate Middleton at a service during the D-Day 70 Commemorations - June 6, 2014Kate Middleton during an official visit to Bletchley Park - June 18, 2014Kate Middleton and Prince George of Cambridge at the Royal Charity Polo - June 15, 2014Kate Middleton at the Ben Ainslie Racing America's Cup Launch Event - June 10, 2014The Duchess of Cambridge wearing Jonathan Saunders in Scotland - 29th May 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Hobbs at Ayers Rock - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Lela Rose in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Adelaide - 23 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Catherine Walker in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge at Taronga Zoo in Sydney - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic in Uluru - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zimmerman at Manley Beach - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Easter service, Ausralia - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in L.K. Bennett at Amberley Air Base - 19 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Christchurch, New Zealand - 14 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic arriving in Sydney, Australia - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Rebecca Taylor leaving New Zealand - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Diane Von Furstenberg in Blue Mountains, Australia - 17 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara wine tasting in New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jonathan Saunders at rugby in Dunedin, New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Erdem at Avanti Drome in Hamilton, New Zealand - 12 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Emilia Wickstead at Dunedin - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara and J Brand at Auckland harbour, New Zealand - 11 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jenny Packham at State Dinner, New Zealand - 10 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Tory Burch in Wellington, New Zealand - 9 April 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit the Valero Pembroke Refinery, Pembrokeshire, Wales, Britain - 08 Nov 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visits SportsAid event, London, Britain - 12 Nov 2014Royal Variety Performance, London Palladium, Britain - 13 Nov 2014Place2Be Wellbeing in Schools Award, Kensington Palace, London, Britain - 19 Nov 2014EACH Hospices Appeal Launch at The Norwich Showground, Norfolk, Britain - 25 Nov 2014Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William visit to New York, America - 07 Dec 2014New York, America - 08 Dec 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge at the Brooklyn Nets v Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA Basketball match - 08 Dec 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit to New York, America - 09 Dec 2014St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art- 09 Dec 2014Christmas Day Service - 25 Dec 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge officially names The Clore Art Room at Barlby Primary School, London, Britain - 15 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge visits The Fostering Network, Highbury, London, Britain - 16 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge formally opens Kensington Aldridge Academy, London, Britain - 19 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge visits the home of Ben Ainslie Racing and the 1851 Trust, Portsmouth, Britain - 12 Feb 2015Duchess of Cambridge visit to Staffordshire, Britain - 18 Feb 2015Commonwealth Day Observance, Westminster Abbey, London, Britain - 09 Mar 2015Duchess of Cambridge Margate 11 Mar 2015Service of Commemoration to Mark the End of Combat Operations in Afghanistan, St Paul's Cathedral, London, Britain - 13 Mar 2015St Patrick's Day Parade, Aldershot Barracks, Hampshire, Britain - 17 Mar 2015Brookhill Children's Centre 18 Mar 2015Royal baby girl born at the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital, London, Britain - 02 May 2015Anna Freud Centre, London, Britain - 17 Sep 2015HMP Send, Woking, Surrey, Britain - 25 Sep 2015Harrow College, London, Britain - 10 Oct 2015Chinese President Xi Jinping State Visit to London, Britain - 21 Oct 2015Dundee, Scotland, Britain - 23 Oct 2015James Bond 'Spectre' CTBF film premiere, Royal Albert Hall, London, Britain - 26 Oct 2015Islington Town Hall, London, Britain - 27 Oct 2015.100 Women in Hedge Funds gala dinner, London, Britain - 27 Oct 2015Fostering Network Awards, BMA House, London, Britain - 17 Nov 2015Wales, Britain - 20 Nov 2015Action on Addiction,Warminster, Wiltshire - 10 Dec 2015The Anna Freud Centre, London, Britain - 15 Dec 2015Sandringham Christmas Service - 25 Dec 2015© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No matter how much you love markets and indeed online or app-based marketplaces, there’s no denying that they can be a little… overwhelming. Yes, we’re thinking about all the Sundays we’ve lost trying to hunt down that vintage Burberry needle in a haystack of H&M trenches, not to mention hours spent falling down Depop holes far deeper than any we’ve navigated on Instagram. Enter Basic Space, the highly curated new app from LA-based marketing guru Jesse Lee, which counts Sami Miro, Emily Oberg and even Diplo among its sellers.Taking the idea of influencer marketing and giving it complete transparency – unlike the somewhat murky waters of YouTube endorsements or Instagram #ads – Basic Space has the creatives and celebrities in clear seller mode. Some sell pieces from the brands they head up, like LPA’s Pia Arrobio, while others are shifting a mix of designer vintage and pre-loved items from their own wardrobes. The goods are collected from their sellers by Basic Space’s team of five, taken to their LA HQ for photographing and listing (with the seller able to review pricing before they go live), and shipped worldwide as soon as they’re sold.Comparing Basic Space’s seller growth model to Soho House membership, founder and CEO Jesse says, ‘We’ve carefully selected the sellers on there. They’re all either personal friends or friends of friends. Like membership at Soho House there’s no real criteria; you can’t just be a billionaire or just be super cool and creative. It’s a combination of the right factors and what you can contribute as a member.’In fact, so far, only one person who has approached the Basic Space team without invite has successfully become a seller. ‘The only person who has approached us and that we’ve accepted is Sophia Amoruso,’ says Jesse. ‘I have mutual friends with her and of course, we’d want Sophia to be a seller, so we accepted her and she’s already selling many great items.’Indeed she is. The Nasty Gal founder – who is no longer associated with the store and now runs online community Girlboss – has a ton of designer vintage for sale. Harking back to her early days as an eBay vintage seller, Sophia’s listings include a 1980s Chanel camera bag and leather pencil skirt, as well as more current pieces by Alexander Wang and Sandro. She’s already sold at least 15 items, including another Chanel bag, and a D&G dress.Over on Sami Miro’s feed, there’s everything from bargain brand of the moment I.AM.GIA to Balmain, while Diplo is selling some of his own Mad Decent merch alongside pieces from the adidas Originals by Alexander Wang collection. Kith Women creative lead Emily Oberg is your go-to gal for rare sneakers, denim and the occasional Gucci handbag.But Basic Space isn’t just about buying and selling fashion. In fact, the listing Jesse is most excited about is not wearable at all: it’s a car. ‘[Photographer] Purienne’s vintage Rolls Royce is up on the app and it’s definitely what stands out as the most interesting item we’ve listed so far,’ he says. ‘It’s a 1967 and he’s had a couple of offers in the past, so he decided to list it.’It’s sellers and items like this that Jesse hopes will stop Basic Space becoming too specifically targeted towards one consumer. ‘I think our target audience has been, and probably always will be, a millennial demographic that’s both male and female,’ he says. ‘At launch we knew there would be more female-centric traffic coming through, because women are more accustomed to buying things on mobile, e-com and marketplaces, with vintage especially. It makes sense that someone like Sophia Amoroso is going to be a popular seller.‘What we’re trying to encourage is more male creatives and influencers, musicians, we even have a couple of chefs and we’re going to start onboarding athletes. I think it’s less about the product categories and more about us continuing to make this group of sellers a bit more whole. A lot of gender-neutral product, people from fashion, food, travel, photography, film, entertainment… just as long as they’re really unique and authentic.’And there’s good news for fans of Basic Space with a birthday coming up: the app has a built-in gifting functionality, where other users can check out your ‘liked’ items and buy them for you. ‘It was a very conscious decision to build that in, because we wanted to make Basic Space social without it being a social media platform,’ explains Jesse. ‘There’s also a functionality so that, if somebody tries to gift you something, you can deny it. It could be an ex-boyfriend or girlfriend that you don’t want to talk to, or keep in mind that some of our sellers – like Diplo – may have fans who could get crazy and try to send him stuff. There’s a good level of protection, but we think the gifting function is going to prove really fun.’All pretty cool – so why ‘Basic’ Space, when the app and its sellers are anything but? ‘The xx are one of my favourite bands and if you go back to their first album they have a song called Basic Space,’ says Jesse. ‘I’ve always admired The xx for being so deconstructed and simplistic, but still beautifully curated, both musically and aesthetically. There was a natural link between Basic Space the song and how we designed the app.’Intrigued? Download Basic Space from the App Store nowThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over 200 intimate possessions once belonging to the Mexican artist Frida Kahlo will be included in the V&A’s new exhibition dedicated to the pop cultural icon, including her prosthetic leg with a red leather boot. The exhibition, titled ‘Frida Kahlo: Making Her Self Up’, will open this June and promises to be the museum’s blockbuster show of the summer. Exploring how Kahlo became one of the most recognised and significant artists of the 20th century and how she very deliberately fashioned her identity in the public eye, it will be the first to display her clothing and personal possessions outside of Mexico. The cache of items included in the exhibition’s offering includes scores that were kept locked away in Kahlo’s rooms after he death in 1954. The pieces, including clothing, jewellery, letters, cosmetics and medicines, were discovered in 2004, 50 years after her death. These will be displayed alongside some of Kahlo’s work, as well as film and photography documenting the artist’s life. Instantly recognisable for her thick, dark braids, pink flowers in her hair and of course that monobrow, Kahlo's style and aesthetic has long been a source of inspiration. The artist was known for wearing bright prints, layered Spanish skirts and chunky necklaces - a look that she immortalised in her self-portraits.As well as being visually arresting, her clothes were actually significant for other reasons. Kahlo chose pieces worn by various ethnic groups in Mexico, including Tehuana dresses and Huipil blouses (specific to Tehuantepec and Mayan women respectively). She was known to enjoy shopping and spent hours in front of the mirror every day studying her look.Unsurpringly, she has inspired designers, with Dolce & Gabbana, Jean Paul Gaultier and Alexander McQueen all drawing on her image as an influence. She has also been cited as an inspiration for Beyonce, while Madonna has been particularly vocal about her love for Kahlo, although Salma Hayek beat her to the lead role in the biopic of her life© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As you read this, your mind is likely on other things. Maybe you’re planning your next meal, streaming Netflix or meditating on that awkward work email you received. Multitasking is a constant in our day-to-day lives, but in the fashion world it’s as rare as a unicorn.Last September, Helmut Lang’s designer-in-residence, the mischievous creative director of Hood by Air, Shayne Oliver, introduced the world to the ‘bra purse’. Along with a host of transparent briefcases and deconstructed lingerie looks, Oliver dressed his models in leather shirts and dripping tailoring complete with the aforementioned accessory worn as a piece of underwear. When not perked up by this capacious brassiere, the models had them swung them by the straps.It’s not unusual for an experimental designer to showcase a design that will never go into production. In fact, it’s more common than you’d think that an item won’t make it to stores in the same fabric, colour or even shape that it appeared on the runway. Now forgive us for being sceptical, but we thought it was unlikely that this bra bag would make it into the real world. But, oh were we wrong.Looking at the item it has a set of straps and handles, a punch closure at the back and cups with a zipper closure. All items function so that one can stow ones belongings and use it as a top. Whether you’d like to do both at once is up to the wearer.On Helmut Lang’s website, the label is now selling the ‘bra purse’ for $635 (£458) in red, white and black. And, in case you were wondering it’s a one-size fit all design.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If, like us, you use Instagram as an infinitely scrolling source of fashion inspiration, from new brands to street styling tricks to the ‘it’ items of the moment, you’ll doubtless have stumbled upon the cult of the Cult Gaia ‘Ark’ bag.The bamboo bag in a half-moon shape with a simple, graphic design and fold-over handles arrived in 2016, and has been gaining unstoppable momentum ever since, counting just about every fashion influencer under the sun amongst its dedicated fan base, along with bona fide stars like Jessica Alba, Michelle Williams and Rihanna. Prices for the classic Ark in bamboo star at $128 (that’s around £90) for a mini style, ranging up to $188 for the super-sized XL; the small, meanwhile, is available for £135 from Net-A-Porter for UK shoppers unwilling to do battle with US customs charges. Other materials, from colourful acrylic in jewel tones to brushed brass, are available at higher price points, ranging up to around the $500 or £360 mark. So, while the Ark comfortably sits on the ‘affordable’ end of the ‘it’ bag spectrum, it certainly doesn’t constitute your average lunch time buy either. Plus, such is their cult status (sorry not sorry) that the wait list can prove pretty extensive. Enter high street favourites Topshop, who’ve recently launched a more affordable alternative to the Ark. The shape and structure may be different, with a rectangular shape, simpler cut-out structure and fabric strap, but the Wooden Grab Tote Bag, as it’s been christened by the brand, will certainly satisfy that part of you that keeps surreptitiously returning to the @cultgaia feed for accessories inspiration. Plus, there’s the fact that the £32 price tag makes for a nice incentive. Move fast on this one, because it’s hardly a stretch to see this as the high street’s most in-demand bag of the summer… © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Pants Project began with a lie. At 13-years-old I was the last girl in my year to start their period. I was so utterly embarrassed that I wasn’t a member of the menstruation club, that I fabricated my monthly with a bottle of red food colouring down the toilet and a trusty spot of acting.Although it’s quite amusing to look back on my mastermind deception now, by the time I was 16 and still without a real-life period, it was pretty traumatic telling my mum that the three years worth of pads and tampons she’d bought me had been used as little more than emergency blister plasters. However, being the Saint that she is she smiled lovingly and promised me it would be okay – a promise that despite everything, she has been devoted to ever since. Many months, doctor’s appointments and invasive treatments followed but I was finally given an answer. Until then I was blissfully unaware that I was a specimen of rare abnormality. It wasn’t until I had an ultrasound did the answers start falling into place.The GP had said that my scan had nothing on it (at this stage it’s worth mentioning that when they said there was ‘nothing on it’ it was because there was literally nothing inside me). In just 20 minutes, I was diagnosed with life-changing Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser syndrome. SO excited to announce the launch of our FIRST product for The Pants Project, to coincide with #infertilityawarenessweek  This handmade sterling silver necklace is available to buy from our website in both 16 and 18 inch chains. Designed and made by my wonderful friend Frances Vinycomb, they retail at £35.65p (GBP) of which £20 will go towards our charity, Infertility Network UK. We have already sold 6 necklaces, raising £120 so far! I wear mine 24/7 and get so many lovely comment, can't wait to see you all wearing yours :) they're going quickly... Link In Bio! 🌸🌸🌸 #ThePantsProject #fightforfertility #jewellery #handmade #british #silver #luxury #beautiful #infertility #infertilityawarenessweek #necklace #love #loveyourself #selflove #feminism #girlpower #fashion #style #feminism #celebrate #natural #beauty #feminism #inspiration #photography #photooftheday #instagood #instadaily #uniqueA post shared by  The Pants Project (@wearethepantsproject) on Oct 31, 2016 at 11:45am PDTMRKH affects 1 in 5000 women and means that I was born without a womb. I’d never have a period, I’d never give birth and if I wanted to have sex, I’d have to undergo an invasive long-term treatment. Put that in your 16-years-old-and-already-super-anxious-about-everything pipe and smoke it.I can remember the Doctor’s room going very silent as if I’d become momentarily deaf. The words I’d just heard sank into me and embedded themselves. I’d never really expected something to actually be wrong. As a farewell gift, the doctor added: ‘At this point, we assume you have a normal female chromosome pattern,’ glancing at my breasts, ‘but we will run some hormone tests to confirm this.’ Great, so I'm half human, half-empty space, and they're not even 100% sure I'm a girl.In the years between 16 and 19, I struggled to deal with the implications MRKH had or would have on my life, both mentally and physically. I was a teenager but I grieved the loss of a child I had never had and missed the age of innocence and blissful ignorance. I felt broken, alone, undesirable and anything other than womanly. I distracted myself with GCSEs and A Levels, being as busy as I possibly could, and avoiding reality at all costs.Then I turned 19 and was forced to face up to reality. Having waited for a year (very eagerly I might add), I felt ready to lose my virginity to my boyfriend (three years on and he’s still a real-life, actual, genuine angel), but this meant I had to go to hospital and undergo the treatment that enabled me to have sex: an all-singing, all-dancing internal vagina was created for me!The treatment was painful and harrowing – shout out to anyone else who’s had to endure hours of medical dildos shoved inside them- but, here’s where the pants come in. On my last day in the hospital, a particularly rough day, my nurse’s advice was: ‘Get yourself a pair of pants that make you feel like you are the most spectacular woman alive – it is my secret weapon’. And that is how The Pants Project was born.After the emotional turmoil I had been through and was going through, I wanted to do everything I could to help other women dealing with infertility issues, but also womankind as a whole. I wanted them to feel as empowered and capable as possible, no matter their genetic makeup, through the only medium I knew how: the power of pants.At 19-years-old, I had very little job experience, let alone any knowledge of how to set up a business or charity. Luckily, I am the daughter of a powerhouse mother and the advice she gave me was invaluable.Given that all you needed was an email address and a smartphone, I started The Pants Project on Instagram as a space where I could dismantle the patriarchal narrative that women are baby-makers, and not much else. It was a corner of the internet where women were celebrated for the way they were, and not told or shown how they should be.On Instagram, I posted pictures of women in their underwear, that was different from the Plain-Jane-or-sex-kitten dichotomy. The pictures I spent hours trawling the internet for had to show diversity in size, race and shape. It was incredibly important to me that they were unedited, un-airbrushed, and as natural as possible. I accompanied the carefully curated gallery of natural Goddesses with long captions I hoped would inspire people, and sent out the message that underwear is for the wearer, to inspire and empower them, to show themselves self-love and to help them recognise that they already have everything they need to achieve the impossible. I talked about the ins and outs of infertility – something that was not happening on social media, especially from a 19-year-old.I knew that it was now or never to launch The Pants Project for real and start selling underwear. I began with a leap of faith, posted my (at the time) incredibly private story online, and as I watched the hits go semi-viral, I emailed probably five hundred British lingerie designers. I was blown away by the number of people that were touched by my story, trusted my dedication and passion, and came back to me with a yes. When I first started this project, I had very little confidence. My X-Men mutation so to speak, didn’t make me feel special or unique. I felt indescribably unattractive and broken. I was unable to do the two things my body was biologically created to do: have sex and recreate. I felt unwomanly and unworthy. I felt like I was grieving the loss of someone or something I’d never known; there was this irrecoverable piece of my body missing and I couldn’t even see the hole. Before I started this project, all I wanted to do was curl up under my duvet and let my seemingly genderless, infertile body disappear. Fast forward a year, and I couldn’t be a more different person. I love my body, and despite it’s flaws and imperfections, it has given me this incredible new lease of life - just because of it’s uniqueness. I feel strong and brave and empowered, I no longer feel genderless - I am completely, entirely, wholeheartedly a woman. I feel attractive, and capable of much, much more than what my body was “biologically created to do” (what does that even mean anyway?!) A year ago I wouldn’t have let two strangers into my house to photograph me in my underwear, but now, because of The Pants Project and the community of outrageously inspiring women this venture has afforded me, I didn’t even think twice about it. I am not broken; it just took me a year to realise I never was. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, to all of you who are a part of this community - YOU have gotten me to this point. I hope you all feel as empowered as I do in every single pair of pants you own. GO FOLLOW @211girls TO SEE WHAT WE GOT UP TO A FEW WEEKENDS AGO, AND TO READ SOME OF MY FANCY PANTSY THOUGHTS! Link in their bio. 💗💗💗 happy photo by @nastassjathompson wearing beautiful @law_of_sleep #PowerPants and my dad’s old, holy jumper 💗 (tagged some of the women who I’m unbelievably grateful for inspiring me - check em all out)A post shared by  The Pants Project (@wearethepantsproject) on Dec 3, 2017 at 8:31am PSTI taught myself how to design a website and write a press release, I nagged my photographer friends until one of them took pictures of her girlfriends in pants, forced my jewellery designing godmother to create some pants necklaces to sell, and finally, after what felt like infinite emails later, in 2016 I launched The Pants Project’s first online collection of underwear and knickers necklaces. Instead of going through the painstaking, time-consuming steps to register The Pants Project as a charity, I thought it would make more sense to be a non-profit organisation, for the time being, see how things go and donate the money we raise to an already existent charity who was already doing incredibly important work. Each designer from our very first collection gave a percentage or all of their profits to us, that were then donated to Fertility Network UK, Britain’s leading patient infertility charity.It’s fair to say, at this point I have well and truly caught the activist bug. Since launching a year ago, The Pants Project has raised nearly £10,000 for Fertility Network UK, through two online collections featuring over 20 different international lingerie brands, a Valentine’s Pants Party that raised £5,000 in one night and incredibly generous donations from #PowerPants advocates.Despite being a home-grown entity, the project has had an astonishing response, with a social media following of over 5k, we have been featured in Vogue, Cosmopolitan and a number of other editorials, various podcasts, and worked with a number of collectives and activist groups, such as GURLSTALK, The Pink Protest, #FreePeriods and Empower Her Voice. Why am I giving you our highlights reel, you ask? To show you that people really care.Infertility is not something people don’t want to talk about anymore, it’s not something you need to be ashamed of or suffer in silence about. This is the time to tell the world that being a woman is so much more than “making babies”. We are beautifully complex and incredibly capable. I am excited to be launching our first own-brand Pants Project underwear line, as well as a number of collaborations with different collectives and designers in 2018.I am so often asked why I started The Pants Project, and a year on from launching, my reaction is still exactly the same. Despite being part of a mass movement supported by thousands of women, and men, all over the world, I still let my social anxiety get the better of me. I smile awkwardly, blush with embarrassment and wipe my sweaty palms down my jeans. I have created a community and project that I am incredibly proud of, built on women freely expressing themselves, but I am still soaked in shame when it comes to telling my story of how I went from an M&S grey-white granny pants owner to an underwear enthusiast.I spend my days on the internet creating content to fight the patriarchy and empower women at all costs, so it is hard for me to admit that I still struggle with humiliation and a lack of confidence…but I do. I am so aware and still hurt by the fact that I am not what society sees as a ‘normal’ woman, that my condition means I don’t ‘fit in’ with society’s standards of how a woman should biologically be, and yet I preach day-in-day-out that we are all individually and beautifully unique and should strive to be unapologetically ourselves.If The Pants Project does anything, I hope it reminds people of the beauty and truth in imperfection, because that is what pants did for me. This is the reason why I started The Pants Project – to heal others, empower others, but also to heal myself. On the days when it is hard to celebrate my idiosyncrasies, I find myself writing for The Pants Project in a meditative way, and by the time I reach the end of my post or piece, I remember The Pants Project exists to remind me (and hopefully all of you) that there is no such thing as ‘normal’ and that being or becoming a woman doesn’t happen overnight. No matter who you are, if in your mind you are born a girl, you will grow to be a woman through experience; it is not a biological process, it is not losing your virginity, it is not giving birth or raising children, nor is it a thing that can be calculated or defined: it is a staggeringly gorgeous uphill battle from chaos toward a balanced state of contentment, self-belief, self-love and empowerment. May the power of pants be with you.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Paris Fashion Week is over, which means autumn winter 18’s trends are now set in stone. One of the last to emerge is also one of the least likely but by far the most amusing.Now you’ve heard of layering - the act of stylishly adding item on top of item for both function and fashion purposes. Now, this is that, but on speed. President Trump’s former crony and chief strategist Steve Bannon would be the best person to advise on this incoming trend, and in lieu of him, Joey from Friends would also be a knowledge.Last year in an attempt to make light of the current political predicament, the media became transfixed on Bannon’s penchant for wearing multiple shirts at once. The Breitbart News chairman was rarely seen without at least two button-down tops and a t-shirt at any one time. It instantly recalled that episode of Friends where Joey wears all of Chandler's clothes.Evidently, the ludicrous image of the red-faced repugnant Republican stayed in the minds of PFW’s top tier of designers. If fashion is a magnifying glass of reality, this is the ultimate subversion of the politico-elite. For Denma Gvasalia, the punkish creative director Balenciaga showed models weighed down by couture-proportioned coats plumped up by layers of jackets and cardigans underneath. Similarly, Thom Browne showed models restricted by stiff layers of blazers and Y/Project made the case for multiple dressing gowns at once. Likewise, Sacai rolled out the multi-coat look. However, they forsook the bulk by patch working different outerwear pieces together.When this many labels unknowingly tap into an unlikely trend it’s almost a dead cert that it will break through into the mainstream. We’d put money on the fact that Zara’s finding a way to fashion this look on the cheap right at this very moment. While it's ever so practical for those inter seasons when it's too cold outside for just a cardigan and too warm indoors for lots of layers, we're not looking forward to experiencing rush hour public transport dressed like an over-fed fashion victim.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This morning, Chanel showed its autumn/winter 2018 collection at Paris Fashion Week. It was business as usual for Karl Lagerfeld who took over the Grand Palais to create a leaf-strewn wonderland where models presented tweed, tailoring and party dresses. Among the fanciful frocks and tapestry of outerwear, Kaiser Karl bought one of this coming fall’s most unlikely trends to reach fever pitch: the balaclava.It started at Calvin Klein when Raf Simons introduced a dystopian flavour to his vision of Middle America. It was picked up at Gucci with Alessandro Michele tapping into international cultures and philosophical concepts. And, it was presented at Preen where eco-feminists were on the agenda and It girls were ready to go hiking. Other brands, like Matty Bovan, Richard Malone, Alexander Wang and Versace also touched based on this unexpected accessory.The balaclava dates back to in 1854, while the British were battling the Russian army during the Crimean War near their supply base, Balaclava, Ukraine. The weather was bitterly cold and this face-covering, which was knitted by British women, was essential for the underprepared troops. It’s interesting in light of the current conflict in Crimea that this symbol of a fight between the West and Russian would be topical again.This is by no means the only time this woollen accessory has got twinned with politics. It was a lynchpin of the uniform of the OMON, a special Russian police task force who used it to shield their identity and create an atmosphere of intimidation. In 2012 it was re-appropriated by the Russian protest group, Pussy Riot who rose to fame by storming a Russian Orthodox Church wearing absurdly bright balaclavas. Coincidently, in the same year, director Harmony Korine suited up his wild child subjects in pink ski masks, which evoked Pussy Riot’s iconic headwear, for his subversive crime caper Spring Breakers.These days, guerrilla warfare no longer needs weapons, but words - with the recurrence of protest in the streets and the all-pervasive influence of social media. This headwear is anti-fashion, anti the large and untenable hair and beauty industry. It’s a conceptual message of resistance, which feels palpable at fashion week where the ateliers, editors, buyers and influencers tend to be progressive in perspective and politics. Here, the balaclava has found a new and fascinating audience.There are murmurs that now Western fashion brands have saturated the Asian market their profit-driving interests have moved to the Middle East where there is a substantial wealthy audience that’s still largely under-catered for. By including modest headwater, like a balaclava or a head shawl, into their fashion shows, labels like Chanel or Versace, can tap into a customer base that doesn’t necessarily see themselves readily reflected on the runway.Fashion is rarely known to be practical, and even rarer is it really political. On the whole, it fetishizes the uncomfortable - stilettos are the perfect example - but this season, it’s turned a style corner. Cagoules and tweed, balaclavas and sneakers are the order of the day. ‘Adornment is a communicative symbol that serves crucial functions within human lives’, wrote Mary Ellen Roach and Joanne Bulboz Eicher in The Language of Personal Adornment. Whether the balaclava has entered AW18’s sartorial vocabulary because it’s a dystopian symbol, because it hints at wider socio-economic change or because it’s a gimmicky stunt who knows, but we’re just looking forward to having warm noses this autumn.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This morning, Chanel showed it’s autumn winter 18 collection at Paris Fashion Week. It was business as usual for Karl Lagerfeld who took over the Grand Palais to create a leaf-strewn wonderland where models presented tweed, tailoring and party dresses. Among the fanciful frocks and tapestry of outerwear, Kaiser Karl bought one of this coming fall’s most unlikely trends to fever pitch: the balaclava.It started at Calvin Klein when Raf Simons introduced a dystopian flavour to his vision of Middle America. It was picked up at Gucci with Alessandro Michele tapping into international cultures and philosophical concepts. And, it was presented at Preen where eco-feminists were on the agenda and IT girls were ready to go hiking. Other brands, like Matty Bovan, Richard Malone, Alexander Wang and Versace also touched based on this unexpected accessory.The balaclava dates back to in 1854, while the British were battling the Russian army during the Crimea war near their supply base, Balaclava, Ukraine. The weather was bitterly cold and this face-covering, which was knitted by British women, was essential for the underprepared troops. It’s interesting in light of the current conflict in Crimea that this symbol of a fight between the West and Russian would be topical again.This is by no means the only time this woollen accessory has got twinned with politics. It was a lynchpin of the uniform of the OMON, a special Russian police task force who used it to shield their identity and create an atmosphere of intimidation. In 2012 it was re-appropriated by the Russian protest group, Pussy Riot who rose to fame by storming a Russian Orthodox Church wearing absurdly bright balaclavas. Coincidently, in the same year, director Harmony Korine suited up his wild child subjects in pink ski masks, which evoked Pussy Riot’s iconic headwear, for his subversive crime caper Spring Breakers.These days, guerrilla warfare no longer needs weapons, but words - with the recurrence of protest in the streets and the all-pervasive influence of social media. This headwear is anti-fashion, anti the large and untenable hair and beauty industry. It’s a conceptual message of resistance, which feels palpable at fashion week where the ateliers, editors, buyers and influencers tend to be progressive in perspective and politics. Here, the balaclava has found a new and fascinating audience.There are murmurs that Western fashion brands have saturated the Asian market their profit-driving interests have moved to the Middle East where there is a substantial wealthy audience that’s still largely under-catered for. By including modest headwater, like a balaclava or a head shawl, into their fashion shows, labels like Chanel or Versace, can tap into a customer base that doesn’t necessarily see themselves readily reflected on the runway.Fashion is rarely known to be practical, and even rarer is it really political. On the whole, it fetishizes the uncomfortable - stilettos are the perfect example - but this season, it’s turned a style corner. Cagoules and tweed, balaclavas and sneakers are the order of the day. ‘Adornment is a communicative symbol that serves crucial functions within human lives’, wrote Mary Ellen Roach and Joanne Bulboz Eicher in The Language of Personal Adornment. Whether the balaclava has entered AW18’s sartorial vocabulary because it’s a dystopian symbol, because it hints at wider socio-economic change or because it’s a gimmicky stunt who knows, but we’re just looking forward to having warm noses this autumn.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For her latest collection, Alexa Chung looked to the Bloomsbury set for inspiration, from painters Duncan and Vanessa Bell to writer Virginia Woolf, with the collection named after the latter. ‘This season’s inspiration came from writers, painters and sculptors whose lives are filled with created works of beauty,’ Chung explained. ‘Our muse works in her worn jeans, old t-shirts, borrowed shorts; painting, creating, travelling, loving. Pay close attention to the piping, frills, embroidery and all of the Charleston inspired prints that make up this collection.’ The Virginia collection features pieces appropriate for the austere mood of the Edwardian period, from jacquard pyjamas for lounging with a book, or oversized ruffled collars and loose smock dresses for working away at a watercolour painting. There are also paint splattered jeans, dungarees and sumptuous paisley prints, as well as relaxed linen suits fit for Sebastian Flyte of Brideshead Revisited. Our favourite piece though is probably the ruffle collar peasant dress in a white seersucker fabric, which we’ll be wafting around in until summer.The arty and liberal Bloomsbury set have long inspired fashion. Christopher Bailey created his autumn/winter 2015 show in homage to the group, while Alessandro Michele was similarly interested in their style for his Gucci show of the same season. The collection is available online and in stores now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There gets to a point in many people's lives when they look in their wardrobe and feel disheartened. Uninspired, even. The trick is to refresh your clothes without having a complete overhaul. Introducing a new piece here or an accessory there could be your fast track to refreshing the items you already have.There is one brand that has their finger on the trend pulse that won't send your overdraft into a tailspin and it's Nasty Gal. Affordable and fun, colourful and cool, it's a veritable feast of SS18 fashion that's waiting to energise your exhausted items. Think of it as caffeine for your closet. We particularly like how they've translated this season's wildest print, zebra, into an attractive abstract pattern. The LA label's take on florals is also on our radar, especially as its set to be a tangible trend for spring, summer and the coming winter. Get acquainted nowThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Right now, fashion is getting weird. Like, really quite strange. According to spring summer 18’s trends, we should be wearing transparent plastic (like we got tangled in a shower curtain), geek chic spectacles that look like a toddler has had fun with a glue gun and a bag of diamantes and sequins all-day and all-night. While most of the concepts are eccentric at best and absurd at worst, there is one that on paper sounds truly terrible but in reality is very appealing. Drum roll please…cowboy boots. Yes, that pointed toe, low heel, notched leather western footwear has staged a comeback. No more is it the fodder of the toxic political right (think Clint Eastwood and John Wayne), now it’s subversive and sexy. It’s here to play with conceptions of good taste and turn innocuous outfits into enviably cool ensembles. Plus, the fact it has a low heel and a leg-elongating pointed toe means it’s flattering too. Get to grips with this trend with these 13 pairs that will make you rethink this overlooked shoe.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since taking over at the helm of Balenciaga in 2015, influential designer Demna Gvasalia has overhauled the French brand’s aesthetic. Now, he is set to change their ethos too.Speaking backstage at the house’s Paris Fashion Week show, Gvasalia revealed his new vision for the brand and their partnership with the World Food Programme. A number of items in the collection - including logo baseball caps, bumbags and T-shirts - bear the organisation’s logo, and 10% of sales from these pieces will go to the UN charity. ‘I am tired of making prints for the sake of prints. At this stage, if I do a T-shirt or a jersey it needs to have something more to it,’ Gvasalia told The Guardian.Gvasalia elaborated that he is focused on creating work that makes a difference, and revealed that Balenciaga had already donated $250,000 (£180,000) to the charity. ‘It was a very special project. For the first time I thought that fashion could be useful in a different way than just covering the body,’ Gvasalia expanded. The collection as a whole was inspired by nineties snowboarders and featured a neon colour palette. Using Gvasalia’s signature take on streetwear we often seen at Vetements (where he is also Head Designer), for AW18/19 the brand mixed references from the Balenciaga archives alongside new slogan tees printed with the ‘Balenciaga hotline.’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion of the mid-2000’s can be defined by many things: SATC, Tina Knowles’ hokey Destiny’s Child outfits and Lily Allen. While Carrie’s Manolos were out of reach and Beyonce’s a-symmetric skirts and boob tubes had their moment, it’s the potty-mouthed pop star that’s enduring influence was felt at the recent Off-White showcase during Paris Fashion Week.Last season Chicago-native Virgil Abloh - best known as Kanye’s sartorial collaborator - claimed Princess Diana was his muse. His mood board featured 29 photographs of the late Princess and paid homage to her two decades on from her untimely death, which happened mere kilometres away from where Abloh’s Off-White label showed.Hot on the heels of Virgil’s recent autumn winter 18 catwalk show, the designer headed to 46 Rue Cambon to present an installation in collaboration with Nike. Following on from breaking the footwear mould with a menswear collection for the sportswear brand, he and Nike launched a womenswear collection. (Finally!) For this, Virgil called on one of the most iconic female sneakerheads for inspiration: Lily Allen.Mannequins dressed in three frothy tulle dress from his spring summer 18 collection paid deference to Allen’s iconic late 2000s look. How? By wearing prom dresses and high-top trainers, of course. Though Lily wasn’t the first person to put retro dresses and sneakers together, she was the one that made the look mainstream. If you were a tween, teen or early 20-year-old in this period you’ll remember all too well this unforgettable Myspace-ready wardrobe. For those that didn’t, now is the time to get acquainted as we predict it’s staging a comeback.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To the clean, white elegance of a pair of adidas Stan Smith’s the current trend for desperately ugly, beefy trainers feels subversive. Dirty, even. With no fitness aspirations and clunky features, they look like norm-core on acid.Much to the chagrin of fathers everywhere, these shoes (like socks and sandals and crappy tourist caps) have been charged with the epithet ‘dad’. Sounds derogatory, but it’s a compliment to the fathers who foresaw that Raf Simons, Reebok, Balenciaga, Gucci and Louis Vuitton would transform this spongey shape into the must-have footwear at Milan Fashion Week. The most popular style (without a shadow of a doubt) comes from Balenciaga and is called the Triple S Low-Tops and will set you back over £500. Luckily, adidas, Reebok and Acne have come up with more budget-friendly options that are just as scene-stealing.But, how do you wear them? The front row-ers at #MFW have set out four very easy rules for pulling off this stomping street style starFor a long time the Queen was the last person to still match their shoes to their handbag, but suddenly this stuffy co-ordination seems ultra cool when played out with a pair of dad shoes. This attention-seeking shoe enjoys being shown-off, so roll up your denim and let the street style photographers get a good shot of this trend. Don't just max out your credit card on this new 'It' shoe, but your skirt too. The long and short of it is, this style off-sets the dressiness of a floor-sweeping gown. For a long time the Queen was the last person to still match their shoes to their handbag, but suddenly this stuffy co-ordination seems ultra cool when played out with a pair of dad shoes. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite this current spat of winter weather, we're certain that Spring is just around the corner. How? At & Other Stories the rails and racks are brimming with the must-have trends of the season. From dynamic florals to trench coats and patent trousers, it's a veritable wonderland of SS18 charm. Enlisting the help of Grazia's resident fashion assistant Charly Sugget, we got to grips with the best & Other Stories has to offer. Here's how she got on:Oversized Trench Coat, £155; Floral Print Maxi Dress, £110; Leather Ankle Boots, £125This is England remember, so the trench coat may still be necessary in case any unexpected showers hit. For fear of being swamped by the oversized trench and bat wing arms, a pair of boots add the extra height!Patent Leather Culottes, £215; Ballerina Buckle Flats, £79I'm looking pretty smug with these cracked patent trousers, aren't I? I love that they elevate an otherwise simple outfit and that there are pockets, which in my humble opinion are a severely underrated feature. Floral Print Quilted Jacket, £110; Floral Print Maxi Dress, £110Definitely channelling Preen By Thornton Bregazzi for this head-to-toe floral explosion. Don't worry if it's a little intense all together as the jacket would be amazing with a pair of jeans and, come spring, you can kick back in the dress with a pair of boots or trainers.Oversized Blazer, £165; Stretch Turtleneck Top, £35; Creased Slacks, £89I'm serving up executive realness and feel like I'm ready to talk to you about the report that is due on my desk by Monday…Bring it up to the modern day with some trainers and a roll neck to appear a little less intimidating to your colleagues.Army Jacket, £79; Safari Trousers, £59When the weather kicks off again this will keep me cool in soft beige and a light cotton. The paper bag trousers can be worn with anything from a simple tee to a crisp shirt. Comfort prevails.Super High Slim Jeans, £59; Dye Stripe Workwear Shirt, £89; Ballerina Buckle Flats, £79This shirt has a drawstring waistband so you can clinch it in or let it all hang out (pre- or post-lunch) and the jeans are that perfect slightly worn-in indigo wash with a high waistband, which I much prefer to hip height, muffin-top inducing rises.& Other Stories is celebrating 5 years this week with 20% off their latest collection for Grazia’s readers. To take advantage of this simply purchase a copy of this week’s Grazia, which is available to buy in stores from Tuesday 6 March.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Impulse shopping may sound alluring, but is there anything sexier than calculating cost-per-wear and working out its mere pennies? Hear me out. Bringing rationale out of the shadows and placing it front and centre when you make a purchase is the definition of smart. And, everyone knows that geek is chic (just ask Gucci).Currently, the fashion set are hotfooting around the globe taking in the autumn winter 2018 collections. This international roundabout has swung by New York, London and Milan’ and is currently in residence in Paris. This far into fashion month we have a pretty clear idea of the key trends for this coming fall. We know what’s hot, what’s not and what’s been put on ice.Knowing what we know now means buying into this coming winter’s trends will be as cheap as chips (literally). This is by no means Pythagorus, this is simple, logic at play. Buy these 11 trends now and you’ll be ‘on trend’ until this time next year. GeniusThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Cara Delevingne may not have attended many shows in Fashion month, but where she has, she’s made quite the statement. In only her second appearance so far, she attended the Dior show looking fabulously chic in a navy suit, wool coat and pageboy hat, adding the brand’s hugely popular logo-band undergarment to complete the look.However, one important detail you may have missed was the strange ear art she seemed to be sporting. Her antithetical folds appear to look as if they’re ribbed, in what many assumed was down to the new tattoo trend, scarification. After all, Cara is famous for her many many tattoos, which we have a complete guide on here.As it turns out, on further inspection it’s clear the ridges are just prosthetics, as her ear tattoos – which could be seen when she walked in the Burberry show last week- are also covered up. According to W, the ear art is part of her character costume for upcoming supernatural TV show Carnival Role. Cara plays a fairy, and so having ribbed ears would seemingly fit that character description.It could simply be that Cara wanted to make another daring fashion statement, after all she did turn up to the Met Gala last year with her bald head painted silver and bedazzled, and in 2016 had her body painted in trees and flowers for the event. So, it wouldn’t be beyond Cara’s realm of rebellious fashion statements to have this ear art done just for fun. It seems we will have a while to wait to be certain, since Carnival Role isn’t expected to be released until autumn 2019.Until then, check out our gallery of all of Cara’s tattoos...This is one of Cara's most intricate tattoos, a magical symbol on the back of her neck inspired by yantra tatttooing.Cara got her white dove tattoo at the same time as the white 'breathe deep' tattoo, on a visit to Bang Bang NYC in New York.Though the actress has yet to debut the elephant tatt, tattoo artist Doctor Woo unveiled his artwork on his Instagram feed.Her go-to tattoo artist of late - Doctor Woo - revealed a darker inking for the model-turned actress. Could there be a hidden meaning behind her new skeletal snake design - debuted days after her ex, musician Annie Clark aka St Vincent made her first red carpet appearence with new girlfriend Kristen Stewart. Hmm...During a trip to Rio de Janeiro Cara got a couple of tattoos from Daniel Tucci - including a 'number 12' in black numerals on her side and a Southern Cross behind her ear.In January 2015 Cara got a tiny coat of arms with a D at the bottom on her ribcage. This was inked by tattoo artist Dr Woo in LA.Just above it, she also inked five white dots, which she has said represents the members of her immediate family.Cara kept it in the family for her fourth tattoo, having her mum's name Pandora on her arm. She got the tattoo on a trip to Bang Bnag NYC HQ with her friend Rita Ora, who got a tattoo of an Alberto Vargas pinup girl on her ribcage.Cara has 'breathe deep' in white ink on her bicep, which is a reminder to herself to keep cool.Cara explained to The Guardian that her 'Made in England' tattoo on her foot represents how she feels as a model. "You're looked through, you're not looked at, you are treated as a kind of mannequin. I got a tattoo saying Made in England above my foot to represent that, that I felt like a doll for so long. Because you are just a kind of puppet, you know, entertainment. You kind of feel that you need to have no soul really, to do that job, a little bit."Cara has a 'Made in England' tattoo on the bottom of her right foot, and Bacon on her left. Cara explained the tattoo to The Cut: "The tattoo was inspired by my love for bacon, obviously. I think of bacon every five seconds. It's the meatiness. I love the salt. Bacon is love to me. Bacon will always love me back. It's unconditional."Cara's CJD tattoo on her wrist stands for her initials, Cara Jocelyn Delevingne. This was also done by Bang Bang NYC.Cara had a diamond tattooed inside her ear in February 2014 - perhaps a nod to her pal Rihanna's song Diamond?Cara and Jourdan have matching 'DD' tattoos on their hips, inked by Bang Bang NYC back in June 2014.Following actor Joel Kinnaman and director David Ayer, who allowed fellow Suicide Squad members to ink the word 'SKWAD' on various body parts, in August last year, Cara decided join to them. Margot and Cara gave eachother matching toemojis - which is the art of a smiley face eteched on to the bottom of ones toes.On the other hand to her lion finger, Cara has a small black wasp on her middle finger. She posted a picture of the new inking on Instagram in November 2014, just after Thanksgiving.Cara added the word 'Silence' to her wrist claiming, 'Silence speaks when words can't'. The ink was done at Cara's tattoo parlor of choice, Bang Bang NYC, run by the artist Keith McCurdy who goes by the name Bang Bang.Cara got the outline of a red heart drawn on her pinky by - you guessed it - Bang Bang.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are icy days, and then there is the ‘Beast from the East’. We’re not talking your average winter cold snap, we're expecting subzero temperatures, heavy snow and a transport system that buckles instantly under the pressure. Afterall, we went through this exact storm last year.With this Arctic chill set to wreak havoc, it’s worth taking stock of your wardrobe. That thin poly-mix jumper just won’t cut it. Those, ripped-knee jeans will not suffice.It’s actually surprisingly simple to dress for this weather without looking like the Michelin man. It just requires benching your daintier items for smart fibres and thicker fabrications. 'The key to keeping warm is wearing layers which help trap air and in turn insulate your body. To maximise warmth, it is best to have a layering system made up of a few different layers ' explains Lorna Glover, Snow + Rock's women's clothing buyer. At this moment in time Uniqlo’s HeatTech should become your second skin and sturdy boots your favorite footwear.On the topic of footwear, remember snow turns to ice and ice turns to sludge at a faster rate than we’d like to admit. That beautiful blanket of fluffy white flakes last for mere minutes before your shoes are covered in the muck and grime of frozen commuter sludge. Cleaning can keep the ick and ice at bay, but a pair of waterproof, wipeable footwear will go one step further. Everyone from Sienna Miller to Blake Lively bank on Sorel’s cult Caribou boots. As these are waterproofed up to heavy snowfall, they will protect your feet from the cold and the wet. If the weather’s looking particularly bleak, a shoe liner might be the answer, lucky Sorel’s own-brand fits snuggly inside with any bulk.Feet sorted, move on to your legs. Long johns are great, but have you heard of M&S’s 180 denier thermal tights? For £15 this black opaque layer uses Japanese HeatGen technology to keep that icy weather out. Similarly, Uniqlo’s HeatTech range elicits the powers of science to retain heat, wick away moisture and keep you warm without feeling bulky. We wear the turtlenecks under our shirts a la Calvin Klein and the leggings under trousers (like Victoria Beckham’s AW18 models).Without stating the bleeding obvious, a coat is key. Sure a ski jacket will keep you toasty, but they are rather bulky. Look for technical fabrics and an insulated shell otherwise that snow will seep through and make you damp and cold. Not ideal. Lorna interjects, 'Merino wool is a natural fabric, excellent at providing warmth & highly efficient at wicking moisture away from the body when you perspire. This is why so many premium base layer brands use merino wool, e.g. “Icebreaker”. Down or synthetic fabrics which mimic down are also highly efficient at keeping you warm as they naturally trap lots of air in them to keep you warm. Just don’t forget that down is not waterproof so you need to wear a protective layer over the top of a down jacket in rainy conditions'.Once your basics are locked down your day-to-day wardrobe won’t require a total overhaul. Layer up and face the big freeze fully aware you’re totally prepared.what to wear in the snow2of9© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...'I am honoured and delighted to be joining Burberry as its new Chief Creative Officer,' Riccardo Tisci announced today as he confirmed he is to replace Christopher Bailey at the British fashion house.As talk of London Fashion Week’s falling relevance in the international collections clattered on, Burberry pulled this substantial coup. Following the announcement last October that Bailey would be stepping down as Chief Creative Officer after 17 years at the brand, there were many rumours about who take up the reins. Many assumed it would Phoebe Philo’s next move after departing Céline in December, or Kim Jones’ after leaving the position of Creative Director of Louis Vuitton’s menswear. But, in fact, these rumours amounted to nothing and instead of investing in a British-born designer, Burberry has appointed the Italian creative best known for his A-Lister adored work at Givenchy.In a statement Marco Gobbetti, CEO of Burberry said: 'I am delighted that Riccardo is joining Burberry as Chief Creative Officer. Riccardo is one of the most talented designers of our time. His designs have an elegance that is contemporary and his skill in blending streetwear with high fashion is highly relevant to today’s luxury consumer. Riccardo’s creative vision will reinforce the ambitions we have for Burberry and position the brand firmly in luxury.'After graduating from Central Saint Martins, Tisci launched his own label off-schedule during Milan Fashion Week to much fanfare. It was a mere year later that Givenchy offered him the role as Creative Director of womenswear. During his tenure (2005-2017), he transformed Givenchy into a modern, rule-breaking space.The outstanding craftsmanship of his haute couture collections was levied against Instagram-friendly ready-to-wear that made fast fans out of Kanye West, Kim Kardashian, Carine Roitfeld and Liv Tyler. It was graphic hits like his rottweiler tee and Bambi mash-up that pushed his name into the mainstream. And, it was collaborations with Nike, Marina Abramovic and designs for Rihanna, Beyonce and Jay-Z's tours that showcased his versatility.What Burberry needs after Bailey’s exit isn’t just a fresh-face, but a crowd-pleasing name that will draw the glitz, glamour and elite back to LFW. All signs suggest Tisci has that power in him.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the revolutionary 1960s may have been the main source of inspiration for Maria Grazia Chiuri’s latest collection for Dior, it was the return of a Naughties-era It bag that caught our eye.If you’ve been watching the street style circuit, you would have seen this coming. Everything leading up to now has primed us for its return. For, logomania is back in full swing and it was this kitschy bag that so often came imprinted in the brand’s Diorissimo print way back in 2002. With the hype around fan accounts like @everyoutfitonsatc and the rise of the #wokeCharlotte, it was only a matter of time before this swinging symbol of Carrie Bradshaw made its triumphant return.Following on from the successful refashioning’s of Ugg and Juicy Couture, it’s easy to see that the early 2000s are having a moment. And, the natural conclusion of this is the mighty catwalk return of the ultimate Noughties accessory, the Dior saddle bag.It was this unmistakable reference to John Galliano’s reign that became the canvas on which Chiuri imprinted her new autumn winter 18 collection. Inspired by the concept of Youthquake - Oxford Dictionary’s Word of the Year 2017 - she dressed her 20-something fan club in an eccentric fashion. It was bye-bye to the delicate ballgowns and thick bra straps of her previous collections and hello to baker-boy hats, patchwork prints and peace sign intarsia knits. With its unapologetic funkiness and unashamed brashness, the Dior saddle bag is the perfect partner to this feminist-championing collection. Dior Saddle bag is Back #AW18 💙 #details  #streetstyle #streetfashion #fashion #style #fashionstyle #trend #ootd #runway #fashionshow #glam #fashionworld  #fashionweek #fashionable #trendsetters #trendsetter #elegant #elegance #trendy #trends #DiorAW18 #Dior #diorsaddlebagA post shared by  Pearls™ (@pearls.kw) on Feb 28, 2018 at 6:06am PSTThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the revolutionary 1960s may have been the main source of inspiration for Maria Grazia Chiuri’s latest collection for Dior, it was the return of a Naughties-era It bag that caught our eye.If you’ve been watching the street style circuit, you would have seen this coming. Everything leading up to now has primed us for its return. For, logomania is back in full swing and it was this kitschy bag that so often came imprinted in the brand’s Diorissimo print way back in 2002. With the hype around fan accounts like @everyoutfitonsatc and the rise of the #wokeCharlotte, it was only a matter of time before this swinging symbol of Carrie Bradshaw made its triumphant return.Following on from the successful refashioning’s of Ugg and Juicy Couture, it’s easy to see that the early 2000s are having a moment. And, the natural conclusion of this is the mighty catwalk return of the ultimate Noughties accessory, the Dior saddle bag.It was this unmistakable reference to John Galliano’s reign that became the canvas on which Chiuri imprinted her new autumn winter 18 collection. Inspired by the concept of Youthquake - Oxford Dictionary’s Word of the Year 2017 - she dressed her 20-something fan club in an eccentric fashion. It was bye-bye to the delicate ballgowns and thick bra straps of her previous collections and hello to baker-boy hats, patchwork prints and peace sign intarsia knits. With its unapologetic funkiness and unashamed brashness, the Dior saddle bag is the perfect partner to this feminist-championing collection. Dior Saddle bag is Back #AW18 💙 #details  #streetstyle #streetfashion #fashion #style #fashionstyle #trend #ootd #runway #fashionshow #glam #fashionworld  #fashionweek #fashionable #trendsetters #trendsetter #elegant #elegance #trendy #trends #DiorAW18 #Dior #diorsaddlebagA post shared by  Pearls™ (@pearls.kw) on Feb 28, 2018 at 6:06am PST© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Saint Laurent autumn winter 18 collection was a story of two halves, and not just because it presented men’s and women’s wear in the same Paris fashion show. It started dark and laden in leather, fur accents and boho layers before erupting into a triumphant series of kitschy floral-print cocktail dresses. Regardless of the personality change, there was one thing that stayed: the black leather ankle boot. Saint Laurent has a habit of launching the latest footwear trend. Way back when they gave the world the iconic Tribute sandals (that Victoria Beckham couldn’t get enough of) and more recently they introduced us to £6,855 Swarovski crystal boots that before instantly selling out managed to count Rihanna as a fan. These hyped boots jettisoned the slouchy knee-high silhouette into the mainstream. Needless to say, take their new AW18 shoes seriously because it’s likely the shape we'll all be wearing this time next year. Thankfully this season’s shoes from Saint Laurent’s maestro, Antony Vaccarello, are more familiar than last season’s so-called ‘yeti’ style. The shape in question were chunky platformed black boots with a silver buckle and were worn with little leather shorts and micro-minidresses. While these were the main silhouette to stalk the runway, Vaccarello teased a second (more winter-friendly) style too, a 2018 take on a Peter Pan boot. Like a glammed-up version of Puss in Boots' favourite footwear, these knee-high shoes had fur cuffs and a suede stiletto shape. And, we're pretty certain we'll be seeing a lot of them next winter.Grazia Saint Laurent Fall 20182of64© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Zara, Levi’s, ASOS, Next, H&M, M&S and Tesco’s are among the brands that have been called out in a new sustainability report for their poor production practices. In a recent study by Changing Markets, called ‘Dirty Fashion’, some of Britain’s favorite high street retailers and supermarkets have been finger pointed for their part in the impact industrialization has had on India and Indonesia.This new research is an eye-opening account of the day-to-day consequences of mass-produced viscose. It follows an earlier report, published last June, which investigated the factory-owning Aditya Birla Group. Based in India and Indonesia, Aditya Birla plants account for 20 per cent of the world’s viscose production. Though considered a sustainable fibre because it can biodegrade, the chemicals used in its making can have a devastating impact if not monitored.Over the course of November and December 2017, investigators revisited Aditya Birla’s plants in Madhya Pradesh, India and West Java, Indonesia. They reported that, ‘while the company is keen to broadcast its sustainability credentials, when it comes to viscose production it is failing to implement even basic legal requirements. In addition to multiple first-hand witness accounts of the company’s wrongdoing, independent laboratory testing found that air and water emissions of some contaminants exceed regulatory limits, indicating a serious potential threat to the local environment and the health and wellbeing of its workers and the communities living in the shadow of its factories.’Of the impact, they saw in India that the water had been turned a ‘dark red’ from the pollutants, that there were two deaths linked locally to contaminated water and that ‘[s]ixty villagers fell seriously ill and lost the ability to walk’. Further testing showed that the levels of ‘carbon disulphide was 125 times the World Health Organization (WHO) guideline’ and that this can impact the ‘nervous system and is suspected of damaging fertility and the unborn child, even at low concentration.’ On top of this, ‘People in communities surrounding the factory are suffering from serious health conditions, including cancer, tuberculosis, reproductive problems, birth defects and stomach disorders’.Similar findings were reported at the company’s Birlagram site. The water is reportedly undrinkable for animals and people, serious health issues, like cancer, are on the rise and that toxic water has riddled the local population with birth defects and diseases. A resident revealed that there are, ‘high rates of cancer and report the occurrence of tuberculosis, which is primarily affecting women. Women also suffer from fertility and gynaecological problems. People often fall sick, get stomach disorders and suffer from joint pains.’ Reportedly, residents of Kilodya are walking three kilometers to reach clean water because the conditions are so bad that “Even the cattle get blisters in their mouth when they drink this water”.The problems don’t end there, workers safety within the plants has also been highlighted. At the Grasim Industries viscose plant, ‘[l]ocals speak of frequent accidents and even deaths at the factory, where workers have reportedly died of suffocation (asphyxiation), heart attacks or toxic spills.’The investigators are keen to make clear that many of the brands buying from the Aditya Birla Group are unaware of the situation on the ground. Together they have created a roadmap that will lead to more sustainable practices and higher production standards in the future.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If your wardrobe has taken on a life of its own and you have recurring nightmares about the heaving clothes bursting from the doors and consuming you - it may be time for a closet cleanout.Such an operation requires forethought, planning and clear-headed decision making. A spontaneous mad frenzy of hating and binning everything: easily done but inadvisable.The rules below simplify the process of the wardrobe spring clean, eliminating stress and making it an altogether satisfying and pleasurable experience.Anticipate high levels of anxiety because decision making is stressful. Think about all those other hard decisions you've made in life: Should I change my career? Should I dump my boyfriend? Wardrobe decisions can be just as difficult so don't feel bad about self-medicating. If you don't have an 'international pharmacist' shipping you Xanax from the States, opt for green tea or meditation to calm you down before you begin.Set aside a whole evening alone in your bedroom and make it nice. Make your bed so you have a clear 'sorting surface' which is not the floor. The temptation to fall asleep actually IN your sorting pile is pretty intense if you sit on the floor. Crack on some tunes that aren't disco tunes. Disco tunes will make you throw out everything that's not covered in sequins.Understand and repeat to yourself, throughout the sorting experience, why you are doing this as it will inform individual decisions. Maybe you want less clutter? Maybe you don't want to spend an hour rifling through every single thing to find the one outfit you actually wear to work in the morning? Maybe you want to do a Miley and totally reinvent yourself? Whatever your reason, don't lose sight of it halfway through. It's a long arduous task and you must persevere.This is so famous because it works. If you haven't worn it in three months, chuck it. This obviously doesn't apply to sex wear, ball gowns and extremely expensive shoes you don't want to ruin on a drunken night out, but for everything else - use it.Why are you so intent on hanging on to those things you don't wear on the regular? Are they valid fears? Write them down, then if not, slam them down.Examples:Fear: I might want to keep things for a themed partySlam: 'Oh, thank god I kept hold of this white lycra bodysuit and didn't chuck it away, or I'd have nothing to wear to the Dress Like a Massive Condom party next week!' said no one. ever.Fear: I might end up not having enough money to replace the clothes I throw out and will be left shivering and naked next winterSlam: You'd look better naked than dressed in a jumper that is encrusted with something that once was gravy.If you are handy with a needle and thread I applaud you, but if you're not don't keep items of clothing on the proviso that you will suddenly become hot on haberdashery and transform all your shit clothes into new art work. You will never do this. You are also unlikely to find a tailor to get things taken in or out OR resole your shoes if they are worth less than the resoling would cost.There is such a thing as being too ruthless. Even if all of your shoes are completely fucked, you can't throw them all out now because they are necessary. Some things you will need to slowly replace instead.Taking clothes to a charity shop is all very well and good but wash them first and don't take the real dregs of your wardrobe or you'll be giving the sweet old lady volunteers more work than they need.Write a list of your remaining clothes and have a think about some creative ways to cheaply acquire specific pieces to transform these into whole outfits/looks.Set aside some clothes for a clothes exchange party (this is when you invite all your rich, fashionable friends to your house and try to exchange a DvonF jacket for some old Zara hotpants.)Call up your mother and tell her you miss her so that you have a legit excuse for showing up next weekend with all your winter clothes in a massive bin bag to stick in the attic. London flats are sardine tins, after all.Like this? You might also be interested in:How To Make Even A Tiny Wardrobe Look OrganisedLove Thy Wardrobe: Seven Super Simple Steps To Sorting Out Your Clothes StorageIn Defence Of Having A FloordrobeFollow Madeleine on Twitter: @MissMadeleineKThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The world of sports is changing, and not just because Influencers have discovered fitness blogging is a money-making sweet spot. Formula 1 has dropped its ‘Grid girls’, the Winter Olympics no longer means spangly outfits and precious ice skaters, instead, fitness for women is now a place of girt, determination and political awakening. And, this recent Milan Fashion Week was a celebration of that.Ditching all the tired athleisure symbolism of joggers and box-fresh trainers, the Italians have been on the fast-track to refresh this frontier. Gigi Hadid chose Milan to showcase her final collaboration with Tommy Hilfiger. It was a sprightly collection, worthy of a mental pitstop. Leather trousers with motocross references pushed past last season’s overused side-striped trousers, checkerboard print and flag-collage patterns made the case for team spirit.Stella Jean entered this race with the most stylish rendition of a marathon runner’s number bib we’ve ever seen. It was placed on furry coats, pretty print dresses and across fluffy short-sleeve jumpers. But, the Olympic fever didn’t stop there, for simple, piped dresses and tops, as well as the zip-neck polos, spoke to the good sportsmanship on display. Similar, Sportsman artfully junctures fashion and function with plush puffs jackets, ski sweaters and detailing that echoed the laces of an America football.Never knowingly subtle Versace pulled off a coup with it’s tantalizing reference to this micro-trend. Rather than competing, they cheered on from the stands with their twist on the classic football scarf. Tied tight at the neck it showed the Italian label’s colours and team-spirit without mucking in for the match.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In case you’re not aware, Milan Fashion Week just ended. Ripped jeans? Mini-skirts? Old news. The very nature of the bi-annual fashion week circus means that, in the immortal words of Heidi Klum, ‘one day you're in and the next you're out’. To keep you on top of what’s hot and what’s certainly not, here is your guide to London Fashion Week’s biggest news.In the time it takes a model to walk a runway, Egyptian-born, Sudanese model Anok Yai made history. How? She opened Prada's womenswear show. Doesn't sound like history-making to you? Well, it was the first time a woman of colour has done this since 1997 (when it was Naomi Campbell's turn). A smalls step for Yai, a large leap for MFW's diversity. It's not just the fashion's that were looking to the future at Dolce & Gabbana's AW18 show, but their choice of models too. Reneging on the regular catwalk format, the Italian label sent a slew of drones carrying their latest handbags down the runway. Talk about geek chic.Versace's autumn winter 18 show was like, totally Cher Horowitz-inspired. Think yellow tartan skirt suits, knee-high sock and quilts. Donatella excelled herself with a collection teaming with '80s references and spectacular accessories - like button-laden berets, chunky gold jewellery and football scarves. Job well done.It's a 'no' to the '90s and all things that entails - minimalism, grunge and squeaky clean pop stars - from Milan Fashion Week. Eschewing the decade that until now provided untold inspiration, designers like Versace to Marni looked to the '80s for their sartorial touchstones.It's funny thing that's happening right now: one of the biggest trends predicted for spring is being wholesale rejected. On the runways of Chanel, Balenciaga and Valentino, it looked like plastic was going to replace florals this season. However, a scour of MFW attendees and you'll see no one is wearing it. Weird right. Or, maybe everyone took David Attenborough's 'Blue Planet' to heart.RIP Gigi Hadid's Tommy Hilfiger collaboration. This season marked the final time this powerhouse model and the American label came together for a see-now-buy-now collection.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Cult fashion label Self-Portrait are opening their first ever store. Located in a central London space, the shop is set to open later this Spring. Currently stocked in Harrods, Selfridges and a number of online stores, this is the first chance for Self-Portrait fans to shop their entire range up close and personal in one place.Launched in 2013 by the Malaysian-born Central Saint Martins alumnus, Han Chong, the brand quickly found fame for their feminine silhouettes, intricate designs and accessible price points. In particular, their covetable lace midi dresses became the occasion wear item to be seen in, and consequently spawned an array of copycat styles on the high street.Loved by the likes of Kristen Stewart, Reese Witherspoon, Miranda Kerr and Rachel McAdams, the brand has established itself as an A-list favourite. The royals are loyal supporters too with Kate Middleton, sister Pippa, Meghan Markle and Princess Eugenie all donning Chong’s designs in the past few years.Since launching the brand have expanded beyond women's ready-to-wear and now also offer bridal, accessories and footwear.While the details of the brand’s first store are currently being kept under wraps we have everything crossed it will be opening ASAP, and in time for the upcoming wedding season.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Everything about the autumn winter 18 collection Jacquemus shown at Paris Fashion Week last night defies logic. Case in point: there were barely any jackets (let alone coats), many of the shoes were sandals and the handbags were so tiny it would be a squeeze to fit in an iPhone.While Jacquemus may be romancing the idea of spending the colder months in warmer weather, we the consumer are left with very specific trends to try this coming fall. For instance, skirts with dangerously high splits, soft draping and handbags scarcely large enough for your Oyster card.Convention says the whole point of carrying a handbag is to hold daily necessities (purse, keys, phone) in one place. But these rules don’t apply to the catwalk or celebrities, which might explain why Paris’ celebrated designer Simon Porte Jacquemus has been ignoring them. It goes without saying, this man has never needed to hide a tampon from sight, or keep a lipstick for topping-up purposes to hand. And Rihanna (plus other micro-bag fans) have underlings to do this for them. Instead, they can move through life making big fashion statements with tiny handbags.But, odds are, if you lead a more conventional life carrying a bag entails so much more than making a street style splash. It’s a hiding place for hair bands, a dumping ground for chewing gum and it’s your wallet’s safe space. Between denouncing plastic for reusable cups and embracing the gym (courtesy of this wellness kick), surely handbags should be getting bigger, not smaller?If you do fancy taking the weight off your shoulders, here are the dos and don’ts of this cute accessory trend:© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One of the most talked about moments of Milan Fashion Week this season was undoubtedly when Gucci’s Alessandro Michele sent his models down the runway carrying life-like replicas of their heads as accessories, flaunted very realistic third eyes, or even rocked horns growing from their foreheads. But what started as something quite creepy has ended up turning into a bit of an ongoing joke with the Italian front row set, who have been posting pictures of their own take on the Gucci show on Instagram – and specifically, the idea of carrying a head as an accessory.  From Runway to Reality !  @gucci  If you want to be  HEAD of Fashion here is How to wear the hottest  accessory of the season #batsisters #gucciChallenge anyone ??A post shared by  Giovanna  Engelbert (@bat_gio) on Feb 23, 2018 at 6:05am PSTIt all started with W’s contributing fashion editor and Grazia cover star Giovanna Battaglia Engelbert, who shared a picture of her pretending to hold her sister Sara’s head under her arm with the hashtag #GucciChallenge. Next, she asked artist Maurizio Cattelan to pose with her, as she showed she was really getting into it. Taking on the challenge next was street style favourite Anna dello Russo, who used a replica of her own head, one-upping Engelbert. She wasn’t upset though – posing with both Dello Russo and her ‘head’ in another funny snap at the same party. From there, the challenge really took off, with various Milan partygoers sharing their own hilarious takes on spring’s hottest accessory. Here are some of our favourites below… From Runway to Sur_Reality @mauriziocattelan  #LaDecimaOra #artaccessories #testaDArtista pezzo unico. #guccichallengeA post shared by  Giovanna  Engelbert (@bat_gio) on Feb 25, 2018 at 6:49am PST Cut-throat 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪 @GucciA post shared by  Chloe Hill (@chloechill) on Feb 24, 2018 at 1:16pm PST While y’all basic betches be walking around in florals for spring, I’ve got my @gucci head covered. #ThatsAll #guccichallengeA post shared by  Fredrik W. de Lange 🤤 (@fredrikdelange) on Feb 23, 2018 at 6:48am PST Succedono cose strane in LATTE+ @studiolattepiu , @nicolazucchi  #guccichallenge #cyborgA post shared by  Mario Neri (@marioneripiu) on Feb 26, 2018 at 7:31am PST© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it’s 7 am on a Monday morning and you’re already two Snooze’s closer to missing your train, you’ll be thankful that Me+Em exists. For the little-known British label is every Editor’s secret workwear saviour. The niche label, which was started in 2009, is the go-to for anyone who wants to be taken seriously in the office, but still get a compliment on their ensemble. Sporty details are off-set with fine tailoring, knits spell out current trends without signalling a call from HR. Like Finery and Whistles, its pieces go-under the mainstream radar without going unnoticed. Be prepared because people will ask, ‘where did you get that?’This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From big high-street hits to slick designer investments, this month's round-up has it all...Pearls are having a cool-girl renaissance. These drop earrings are the perfect starting point.Style Editor's Lust List February 20181of15Think sequins are resigned to party season? Wrong. Zara's all-white look is fit for spring.Pearls are having a cool-girl renaissance. These drop earrings are the perfect starting point.A hands-free cross-body is essential in any bag-drobe. This modern structured style is perfect for work and play.Pair sporty-style tops with tailoring - just add wide-leg trousers and Stan Smiths for an instant hit.We've fallen hard for these mules by fashion fave Maryam Nassir Zadeh.Trend to know: vinyl. Here, it adds oomph to a heritage coat.If you're still in Veganuary mode, look no further than upping the anti with this chic Matt & Nat 'non-leather' cylinder bag. Feel good chic.Perfect for wedding season and your summer hols: this dress has star quality.The perfect trans-seasonal pants. Wear now with an oversized knit, and a silk cami come spring.Exposed switching, cinched-in waist and dark-wash denim - the perfect new season 'shacket'.Swarovski's love knot bracelet is a sure-fire hit. A subtle declaration of love. Swoon.An offbeat take on the clutch, courtesy of Simon Miller - the street styler's It brand.This contrast-trim shirt from Joseph is the perfect 9-9 piece. Exposed seams are big news for spring - watch this space.Another amazing collection of reinvented basics from Uniqlo U's artistic director Christophe Lemaire. Wear these must-have chinos with cool kittens.Plan ahead and snap up these Dune sandals now. We predict a sell-out...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget their grandad-like associations, the cardigan has made a comeback, and we couldn't be happier. From Gucci to Christopher Kane, this cosy knit has been doing the rounds on the catwalk the past few seasons and the trend has trickled down to the high street too.The cardigan is a great wardrobe investment primarily due to its versatility. It’s one of those all-year-round pieces that can be layered over thinner knits in winter, and thrown over summer dresses when the temperature finally rises.There’s a style to suit everyone too. Chunky oversized designs can be buttoned up and worn with a tee and straight leg jeans for a nod to that French girl aesthetic, or worn belted over a floral midi with biker boots for a grungier look. Alternatively, try a more slim-fit style buttoned up and tucked into high-waisted trouser or an A-line skirt for a flattering, Blair Waldorf-inspired take on the trend.Check out our favourite cardigans to shop right now in the gallery below...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For their AW18/19 Milan show Dolce & Gabbana once again enlisted a number of their favourite royals to sit on the front row. Dressed head-to-toe in D&G pieces, the chosen members of royalty took in the extravagant show that included handbags flying down the catwalk attached to drones. Taking centre stage on the FROW was Princess Diana’s niece and cousin of Prince William and Prince Harry, Lady Kitty Spencer.  A close friend of both Domenico and Stefano, Spencer has previously both walked in shows and starred in campaigns for the Italian brand. What a DREAM ✨💫 Walking for @dolcegabbana in the #DGSecretDiamonds Show 💎 I love you guys so much, thank you for having me 💋 [photo via @polymoda] #DGFW18 #DGWomen #DGFamily #MFWA post shared by  Kitty Spencer (@kitty.spencer) on Feb 25, 2018 at 7:18am PSTSpencer was sat next to Emma Thynn, otherwise known as Viscountess Weymouth, who is married to Viscount Weymouth, the heir to the Longleat estate. The couple, who have one child, were stars of the BBC documentary series, All Change At Longleat. #CONGRATULATIONS for the most spectacular incredible shows. @stefanogabbana @domenicodolce.oficial we adore you ❤️#dgfashiondevotion ❤️A post shared by  ViscountessWeymouth (@emmaweymouth) on Feb 25, 2018 at 6:57am PSTOn Spencer’s other side were the daughters of one of Scotland's most aristocratic families, the four Moncreiffe sisters, Eliza, Lily, Idina and Alexandra. While on her right were the Manners sisters, Ladies Violet, Alice, and Eliza. The daughters of the Duke Of Rutland and known as the ‘no-manners’ sisters, they live with their respective partners at Belvoir Castle on their 15,000 acre Leicestershire estate. @dolcegabbana @stefanogabbana and Domenico thank you for a sparkly weekend that we won’t forget. Spot the tiny pooch!! ❄️✨💍💫#dgsecretshow #secretsanddiamonds #dolcegabbana #sisteract #milan #fashionweek 💎 #diamondsareforeverA post shared by  Violet Manners (@mannersviolet) on Feb 25, 2018 at 7:54am PSTOther famous faces on the FROW included artist at Tatler cover girl, Lady Sabrina Percy, and Suki Waterhouse’s sister, Maddi Waterhouse.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Brace yourselves: the twice-yearly affair that is Fashion Month is back for autumn / winter 2018, giving us a head start on the trends we’ll be wearing, the designers we’ll be name-checking and the key pieces we’ll be coveting come September (or, you know, right now, if said designers have chosen to jump on the ‘see now, buy now’ bandwagon). Of course, Fashion Month isn’t just about the clothes that models are wearing down the catwalk – at least half of the fun comes courtesy of the street style stars of each fashion capital, bringing their own takes on runway trends or just starting their own altogether.Kicking off with New York’s finest before the fashion circus moves on to London, Milan and finally Paris, we'll be bringing you the very best street style that each city has to offer. Time to perfect your best oh-so-casual middle-distance stare, locate some vintage Gucci double G's and start taking notes...Credit: ShutterstockRed and pink is a colour clash that we can certainly get on board with (especially when there's vintage Chanel involved).Street Style AW18 fashion month - Grazia2of40Red and pink is a colour clash that we can certainly get on board with (especially when there's vintage Chanel involved).A textbook example of how to update a fashion perennial (the camel boat) with of-the-moment details (the circular bag, rust-coloured cords and metallic boots).And just like that, an oversized pastel knit just shot to the top of our spring wishlists...We can only imagine that wearing this mustard faux fur number would be like getting a hug from a Monster Munch creature...The vinyl trench isn't going anywhere, if this season's street style is anything to go by. Will we ever not want a cosy blanket coat in baby pink? Discuss.A maxi length puffa coat and a flash of cobalt blue = the perfect companion for a New York winter.Two different coats, two different checks: a masterclass in winter dressing (and print-clashing) courtesy of Instagram's Eva Chen.Caroline Issa adds an injection of colour to a grey New York February in this classic long-line style in bold scarlet.White dresses aren't just for summer, it seems: with a bit of clever layering, yours can see you through the cold weather too.This cosy shearling-style jacket in an attention-grabbing hue elevates a simple outfit to something that'll easily garner a street style snapper's attention.A cropped puffa coat in a bold colour keeps athleisure cosy for winter (because that's a priority, right?)Off duty dressing: Fashion Week edition...Don't shy away from a bold print and / or bright colours: just dress tonally to tie the look together...Shoulder-robing looks just as effortlessly cool as it did a few seasons ago, particularly when the coat (and suit) in question is as sharp as this.A suit in pepto-bismol pink with Seventies proportions is certainly one way to make a statement with your workwear...Stick to monochrome for a reassuringly lo-fi way to wear the jumpsuit.The secret to a photo-friendly street style moment? Recruiting a friend and dressing in complementary ice-cream hues, apparently.Playing with proportion (huge scarf, flared sleeves, cropped trousers) is one way to tackle dressing for low temperatures.From the rolled sleeves to the tousled hair to the stacked rings, we're noting down everything about this look and storing it away for future reference...Here's the perfect intersection of the street style Venn diagram: an outfit we love and would actually wear IRL.The modern way to colour block: a slouchy oversized knit and wide-leg trousers in an almost-matching hue.How much print is too much print? To quote Mean Girls, the limit does not exist...More print-on-print, this time a monochrome effort from Caroline Issa.Khaki is a clever colour option when it comes to trans-seasonal dressing.Another masterclass in print-on-print: here, the key is in the complimentary colours and corresponding stripes...Here's how to wear those hi-shine trousers you've mentally added to your online shopping cart.Meet this season's street style sleeper trend: white ankle boots.White ankle boots - they're everywhere...Embellished double denim: we're into it...The most stylish way to beat the inevitable London drizzle...A coat that will bring good cheer wherever it goes.The ultimate pastel puffa coat combination from Naomi Shimada.Low-key elegance courtesy of Julia Restoin-Roitfeld.We''ll take one for every day of the week, thanks...Stand out against a grey London sky in powder blue.Rainy day dressing, with a soupcon of Britney in Oops, I Did It Again...Currently coveting: Susie Bubble's pale pink knit.Further proof that monochrome always looks stylish.An injection of vivid neon to shake away the winter blues.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Masters of catwalk showmanship Dolce & Gabbana have never shied away from injecting the fun back into fashion with their unabashedly extra runway shows, and their A/W'19 extravaganza certainly didn't disappoint on this count. Having already set the tone with a 'secret' show just 14 hours before the scheduled one, where the likes of Lady Kitty Spencer (niece of Princess Diana, cousin of Princes William and Harry), the Manners sisters and Maddy sister-of-Suki Waterhouse modelled the brand's eveningwear collection, the main event opened by swapping well-connected millennial models for hovering drones. Yes, you read that correctly. First, showgoers were requested to disable the Wifi and 3G connection on their phones (which, at a fashion show populated by influencers and fashion journalists chasing the next piece of shareable #content, is something of a big ask). After a reported 45 minute delay, it soon became apparent as to why the crowd had been told to undergo a brief digital detox: approximately eight drones began to float down the runway , bearing 'Devotion' quilted handbags from the brand's latest accessories offering. While D&G aren't the first label to count drones among their catwalk line up (that honour went to Betabrand, which used drones and robots for a show at Silicon Valley Fashion Week back in 2015) they're certainly the highest-profile name to do so.After this hi-tech opening, traditional (ie: human) models took to the runway for a celebration of Fashion Devotion, exploring the themes of religion that so often preoccupy the design duo. For A/W'18, this meant cherub prints, embellished halos and Sacred Heart detailling (as seen on the intricate clasps of the aforementioned Devotion bags).With religious iconography so heavily in evidence throughout the collection, we can only speculate that Hollywood's finest are already picking out their outfits for this year's Met Gala, which takes Fashion and the Catholic Imagination as its theme...Credit: ShutterstockRed and pink is a colour clash that we can certainly get on board with (especially when there's vintage Chanel involved).Street Style AW18 fashion month - Grazia2of40Red and pink is a colour clash that we can certainly get on board with (especially when there's vintage Chanel involved).A textbook example of how to update a fashion perennial (the camel boat) with of-the-moment details (the circular bag, rust-coloured cords and metallic boots).And just like that, an oversized pastel knit just shot to the top of our spring wishlists...We can only imagine that wearing this mustard faux fur number would be like getting a hug from a Monster Munch creature...The vinyl trench isn't going anywhere, if this season's street style is anything to go by. Will we ever not want a cosy blanket coat in baby pink? Discuss.A maxi length puffa coat and a flash of cobalt blue = the perfect companion for a New York winter.Two different coats, two different checks: a masterclass in winter dressing (and print-clashing) courtesy of Instagram's Eva Chen.Caroline Issa adds an injection of colour to a grey New York February in this classic long-line style in bold scarlet.White dresses aren't just for summer, it seems: with a bit of clever layering, yours can see you through the cold weather too.This cosy shearling-style jacket in an attention-grabbing hue elevates a simple outfit to something that'll easily garner a street style snapper's attention.A cropped puffa coat in a bold colour keeps athleisure cosy for winter (because that's a priority, right?)Off duty dressing: Fashion Week edition...Don't shy away from a bold print and / or bright colours: just dress tonally to tie the look together...Shoulder-robing looks just as effortlessly cool as it did a few seasons ago, particularly when the coat (and suit) in question is as sharp as this.A suit in pepto-bismol pink with Seventies proportions is certainly one way to make a statement with your workwear...Stick to monochrome for a reassuringly lo-fi way to wear the jumpsuit.The secret to a photo-friendly street style moment? Recruiting a friend and dressing in complementary ice-cream hues, apparently.Playing with proportion (huge scarf, flared sleeves, cropped trousers) is one way to tackle dressing for low temperatures.From the rolled sleeves to the tousled hair to the stacked rings, we're noting down everything about this look and storing it away for future reference...Here's the perfect intersection of the street style Venn diagram: an outfit we love and would actually wear IRL.The modern way to colour block: a slouchy oversized knit and wide-leg trousers in an almost-matching hue.How much print is too much print? To quote Mean Girls, the limit does not exist...More print-on-print, this time a monochrome effort from Caroline Issa.Khaki is a clever colour option when it comes to trans-seasonal dressing.Another masterclass in print-on-print: here, the key is in the complimentary colours and corresponding stripes...Here's how to wear those hi-shine trousers you've mentally added to your online shopping cart.Meet this season's street style sleeper trend: white ankle boots.White ankle boots - they're everywhere...Embellished double denim: we're into it...The most stylish way to beat the inevitable London drizzle...A coat that will bring good cheer wherever it goes.The ultimate pastel puffa coat combination from Naomi Shimada.Low-key elegance courtesy of Julia Restoin-Roitfeld.We''ll take one for every day of the week, thanks...Stand out against a grey London sky in powder blue.Rainy day dressing, with a soupcon of Britney in Oops, I Did It Again...Currently coveting: Susie Bubble's pale pink knit.Further proof that monochrome always looks stylish.An injection of vivid neon to shake away the winter blues.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...According to the calendar, spring is only round the corner. While we're not about to retire the tights just yet, we are ready to see what glorious SS18 fashion awaits us.Over at Weekday, they are poised to rig our wardrobes with the newest trends. Think ruffles, bumbags and outstanding denim. Though we're more than ready to embrace everything this new season has to offer, we've got to be realistic: this is the UK, and the UK is cold until about August when it's warm for a couple of weeks and then winter again. This isn't an exaggeration, supposedly there are snow warnings in place as the supposed 'beast from the East' storm is about to grip Britain. Great. With the help of Radar Radio's Amal Omari we tried Weekday's newest pieces to see what's worth investing in now and what's not. See how we got on below..Portrait Dress, £45After buzzy London, Fashion Week designer Rejina Pyo introduced the world to white stitching on black tailoring (revolutionary, we know) a trend was started. Not going to lie, it's extremely flattering. It's like corseting without the pinch. Add in a bumbag (or belt bag as it's now politely known) and you're good-to-go. Ailin Hooded Sweatshirt, £25; Tina Long Sleeve T-Shirt, £20; Ace Wow Blue Jeans, £40Denim once again rises up the ranks of the style savant's wardrobe this season, but how do you refresh something that's so tinged with sartorial history? Pick a refreshing top-half. This double dose of tangerine is an excellent source of vitamin C. Take that wellness! Max Dress, £55; Ace Wow Blue Jeans, £40You may think we're undoing an ultra-femme statement like a ruffled off-the-shoulder dress with a pair of blue jeans to be cool, but it's in fact for comfort reasons alone. Let your leg hair grow and feel the freedom that denim allows with this unexpected pairing. Janis Fur Coat, £125; Ace Wow Blue Jeans, £40Say 'nah' to spring's lightweight jackets in favour of this teddy bear coat for as long as the weather will allow. Snuggle up but still show off your new season jeans. Natch. Fall Beret, £12; Arte Jacket, £70; Piet Mini Skirt, £35 Now, this is how we like to intake our greens - sorry mum. A luscious velveteen faux fur jacket and micro mini with a matching beret is the kind of pain-free colour-blocking we live for. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As if! Over two decades since it premiered, once again Clueless proved its permanence as a cultural and sartorial touchstone. After wowing the world last year with a jubilant retrospective of her brother Gianni’s legacy, Donatella Versace triumphed again at Milan Fashion Week with a like totally important take on the iconic teen comedy.Down the catwalk, at Versace’s autumn winter 18 show walked a tartan skirt suit in yellow and cobalt blue with a swinging It bag at its side. An accidental homage to the 1995 cult classic? Maybe. A Cher Horowitz fan’s dream? Definitely.It wasn’t the only moment Donatella toyed with motifs of this iconic cinematic moment. Cardigans and knee-high socks, little black body con dresses and argyle knitwear will all feel like familiar references to the keen Clueless enthusiast.But, this was a tougher, punkier Horowitz than Alicia Silverstone played. This rendition is a fan of the football scarves and badge-encrusted berets. She wears tartan skirts with trainers and relishes in ‘80s references. For, Donatella laced the AW18 collection with power shoulders, waist-cinching belts and more-is-more accessorisingA deft move on the part of Donatella was to speak to the so-called ‘modest’ customer without fawning to traditional stereotypes. Not losing the logo-tops and bold patterns, or even the body-hugging corseting, the Italian fashion house found new ways for the customer to stay covered up. This required slick long-sleeve layering, head-covering scarves and drapery that sat away from the form. No house codes were broken or even pushed aside to cater to this growing customer base, which means the Versace loyalist will find happy hunting ground in Donatella’s trend predictions for this forthcoming fall and winter.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As if! Over two decades since it premiered, once again Clueless proved its permanence as a cultural and sartorial touchstone. After wowing the world last year with a jubilant retrospective of her brother Gianni’s legacy, Donatella Versace triumphed again at Milan Fashion Week with a like totally important take on the iconic teen comedy.Down the catwalk, at Versace’s autumn winter 18 show walked a tartan skirt suit in yellow and cobalt blue with a swinging It bag at its side. An accidental homage to the 1995 cult classic? Maybe. A Cher Horowitz fan’s dream? Definitely.It wasn’t the only moment Donatella toyed with motifs of this iconic cinematic moment. Cardigans and knee-high socks, little black body con dresses and argyle knitwear will all feel like familiar references to the keen Clueless enthusiast.But, this was a tougher, punkier Horowitz than Alicia Silverstone played. This rendition is a fan of the football scarves and badge-encrusted berets. She wears tartan skirts with trainers and relishes in ‘80s references. For, Donatella laced the AW18 collection with power shoulders, waist-cinching belts and more-is-more accessorisingA deft move on the part of Donatella was to speak to the so-called ‘modest’ customer without fawning to traditional stereotypes. Not losing the logo-tops and bold patterns, or even the body-hugging corseting, the Italian fashion house found new ways for the customer to stay covered up. This required slick long-sleeve layering, head-covering scarves and drapery that sat away from the form. No house codes were broken or even pushed aside to cater to this growing customer base, which means the Versace loyalist will find happy hunting ground in Donatella’s trend predictions for this forthcoming fall and winter.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To be honest, Italian fashion has always been a little OTT. From Dolce & Gabbana’s corsets to Versace’s golden prints and Gucci’s excess, we get it, subtlety isn’t part of their sartorial vocabulary. Now that the international collections have made their bi-annual stop on the carb-friendly country we can see this eccentricity doesn’t stop at the catwalk, it spreads across the streets too. From logomania to clashing colours and prints, anything goes as for the street style stars of Milan Fashion Week. As they take in the autumn winter 18 collections at the likes of Moschino, Fendi and Pucci, we take in their incredible ensembles. Interesting and outrageous, just how we like our Italian frow-ers to be! I promise this was not coordinated in advance 😂🤣😂🤣 Great minds (clothed in @gucci ) think alike? @veronikaheilbrunner @tinaleung @bryanboycom @bettinabuffe (met her for the first time but can’t physically touch her yet... )  Ready for #GucciFW18 📷 @jeremy.moellerA post shared by  Susie Lau (@susiebubble) on Feb 21, 2018 at 4:14am PSTEvery style ingenue, including Susie Lau and pals, are obsessed with Gucci's school of whimsy. Letting their weird flag fly these sartorial savants punctuating their wardrobes with nan-chic twists on accessories, Mary Poppins handbags, kooky shoes and fantasy tailoring. ciao milano! 😈😈😈 @moncler #monclergeniusA post shared by  sita (@sitabellan) on Feb 20, 2018 at 12:21pm PSTRihanna’s muse Sita Abellan championed British label Mimi Wade with her silk off-the-shoulder slip dress. Playing up the boudoir vibes she paired this micro-minidress with net thigh-highs and buckled mules. Moda haftalarının prensesleri👸🏼👸🏻 #sis #sister #gigihadid #bellahadid #fashionweek #streetstyleA post shared by  TRENDUS.COM (@trendus) on Feb 22, 2018 at 8:19am PSTGigi and Bella Hadid continue their global street style tour in the same fashion we’ve become accustomed to. Ask yourself, have you ever seen them not with miniature sunglasses on, hair centre parted, Gigi wearing ludicrous but strangely alluring jeans and Bella embracing logo mania? A whole lotta love @gucci @lallo25 🌈A post shared by  Rowan Blanchard (◕‿◕)🌹 (@rowanblanchard) on Feb 21, 2018 at 11:01am PSTRowan Blanchard proves her style credentials with a green Gucci jumpsuit. The addition of a maroon bag is funky - in a good way.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...26-year-old actress Emily Ratajkowski has followed in the footsteps of her I Feel Pretty co-star Amy Schumer, announcing a surprise wedding on Friday. The star posted a picture to Instagram with the news, saying: 'So I have a surprise. I got married today.'The outspoken model wed actor and producer boyfriend Sebastian Bear-McClad,  who recently starred with Robert Pattinson in critically acclaimed film Good Times. She has only been linked to him since December, when she was spotted with him at a basketball game in New York. She has since confirmed her split from long-term artist boyfriend Jeff Majid, who she was engaged to, and lived with in Los Angeles. In the Instagram story that shared the surprising news, Ratajwoski is seen eschewing the traditional white bridal dress and instead is wearing a mustard Zara suit comprising a tailored jacket and flared trousers.  The suit retails for a total of $200 at US Zara. Further channelling Seventies icon Bianca Jagger, she accessorised with a black felt hat and Forties-style veil. Her new husband wore a pale blue suit for the nuptials. The impromptu ceremony took place at a court house in New York City, with The Fat Jew as one of the guests. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At the annual Brit Awards this week Rita Ora and Adowa Aboah both walked the red carpet in what’s been touted as this season's must-have embellishment: feathers. While a refreshing break from spring’s usual floral craze, there’s a dirty secret history hiding beneath the wings of this exotic add-on.The proximity to glamour (think Marilyn Monroe and Las Vegas) and the knowingly flirtatious wink to Mae West understandably make plumage compelling. It’s fabulously unapologetic. It’s a byword for uber-femininity and stands in salute to anti-pragmatism. While the trend dates back to Prada’s AW18 show, Saint Laurent, Roksanda, Rodarte, Maison Margiela, Chanel and more showcased the flutter of feathers for spring. The hot off the mark high street has been quick to oblige with accessibly priced interpretations offered by Topshop, Kitri Missguided and PrettyLittleThing. While we hope many of these labels are using synthetic feathers, we just don't know. Because for some reason fashion has a real blind spot when it comes to realising just how taboo the production of plumage really is.Fur is a dirty word, the production of meat is viewed with a critical eye and yet feather's flutter in an unvetted space. ‘All feathers used for fashion are stolen property, whether they were ripped out of the rightful owners while they were still alive or removed from their bodies after slaughter’, believes Elisa Allen, Director of PETA. ‘Contrary to popular perception, feathers described as "marabou" don't normally come from marabou storks but rather from factory-farmed turkeys and chickens, who live in their own waste before being hauled to the abattoir. Wearing bits and pieces of animal's bodies is an archaic practice that carries echoes of their suffering’.Some designers are already adopting vegan alternatives understanding the realities of plucking feathers is inhumane. Common thought persists that they are a by-product of meat production, but that’s not always the case for this trim. A few years ago, PETA released a video from inside the largest ostrich farm in the world, which supplies Prada. It’s graphic and not for the faint-hearted - footage shows young birds crowded into trucks, electrically shocked before their throats slit and their feathers torn out of their bodies before being dismembered.Arguably, we can ask: What fashion is ethical? For as long as the system is unsustainable - be it because of factory conditions or its colossal environmental impact - the centre cannot hold. Until a time when plastics can decompose, or man-made fibres can be fully recycled, natural alternatives, as well as synthetics, will beg the question. However, we do know that for as long as real feathers are used as an embellishment there is no humane way to manufacture them.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Prada presented it's autumn winter 2018 collection at Milan Fashion Week and in the process made history. For the first time in 21-years, a woman of colour has opened a show for the Italian design house.While the label is known for positing progressive sartorial statements that speak to the wider socio-economic and political atmosphere, they've been severely lacking at tackling fashion's diversity problem.In 1997 Naomi Campbell was the first black model to step foot on the brand's Italian runway. It took another decade for Jourdan Dunn to follow Campbell's footsteps and become the second women of colour to walk their catwalk.Even though Prada has promoted diversity, including, age, race and ethnicity within its advertising campaigns, this week's AW18 catwalk was the first time since Campbell that a WoC has opened a show. The model in question is Instagram-famous Sudan-born Anok Yai. The biochemistry student at Plymouth State University was discovered after an image of her at Howard University homecoming went rival, racking up over 21,000 Likes. Ever since she's become an internet star and a hot commodity on the catwalk.Yai, along with Kaia Gerber, Amber Valletta, Sasha Pivovarova, Liu Wen and Fei Fei Sun, showcased a future-facing interpretation of the house's codes. Tulle dresses were teamed with nylon bustiers and wellies and drawstring socks, fluoro paillettes were layered over polo-necks and tulle or worn over sleeveless poncho dresses, which at once recalled previous collections and moved on the discussion. Equally dystopian and romantic, utilitarian and visionary, there was an underlying tension that pushed and pulled at this multifaceted vision of Fall 18. But, at the end of the day, it will most likely be remembered as the moment Miuccia Prada acknowledged the label's first and foremost need to embrace diversity.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In an impassioned speech at the opening of London Fashion Week, model Adwoa Aboah – the British Fashion Council’s newly appointed Positive Fashion Ambassador – set the tone (and threw down the gauntlet) for the week. ‘As a model and a woman, I want to challenge each and every one of you to think about what your role is within this industry and what you are going to do to help change the system that has allowed such rampant abuse of power and fear to take advantage of so many who have not had a voice.’ Talking in the wake of #MeToo and the storm of allegations of sexual abuse made against male fashion photographers, she also spoke about the fight for more diversity on the runways of ‘race, all body types, religion, sexuality and gender identification’ and how the BFC’s Models First initiative has been put in place to establish best practice for the industry. By the close of the week, that other burning subject, sustainability – how the industry must produce more consciously – had also been tackled with the launch of an educational initiative set up by Kering, the luxury goods group, in conjunction with the London College of Fashion and the BFC. All this against a backdrop of vocal anti-fur protestors, who banged drums all week long and chanted ‘Shame on London Fashion Week.’* So how did the designers showing their collections last week respond? Answering the call for diversity – which was more prominent everywhere, thankfully – Marta Marques and Paulo Almeida, the Portuguese London-based couple behind the label Marques’Almeida, showed their street-cool collection in an underground tunnel on a gang of real women – big- bottomed, ample-breasted, short, tall, wide and narrow, black, brown and white. Calling it their ‘joyful responsibility to make fashion inclusive, diverse and relevant for girls and women’, it made you wish other designers would take a more believable approach to casting. We have Roland Mouret to thank for older model representation – never have his wiggle dresses looked so appealing or his new trouser suits in pale pink so relatable as here, with more mature models representing the women who buy his elegant clothes. Shout outs for diversity also for Osman, Ashish and Molly Goddard, who presented her stay-out-all- night party dresses on revellers (real body types mixed in with the likes of Edie Campbell) who had found themselves at the end of the night in a hotel’s industrial kitchen. Cue a skinhead model dressed in a huge pink frock knocking back champagne as a redhead in body-con green stirred a soup on the hob, while a street-cast model glided by in shocking orange tulle. So, what was the trend message from London’s autumn/winter collections? In the wake of Time’s Up, many designers talked up female empowerment. This took myriad forms – power silhouettes (see Gareth Pugh’s gigantic shoulders), sensational glamour (Halpern’s sequin jumpsuits), rule-breaking creativity (Matty Bovan’s spliced knits and balloon headgear) and black – the colour of the week (a week that saw another blackout on the BAFTA red carpet). There were literal interpretations of female solidarity, like at Preen, where Thea Bregazzi and Justin Thornton had been inspired by the Haenyeo, a matriarchal society of Korean deep-sea divers, who customise their scuba gear with layers of lace, shells and fishnet. (‘We looked at these incredibly strong women who hunt all day while their men look after their children,’ they said, adding, ‘We don’t think men are doing a good job of looking after the world.’) And there was SEX! Provocateur Christopher Kane tackled it head on, using the weirdly beautiful pencil illustrations from the 1972 manual The Joy Of Sex to heat his powerful appreciation of black leather tailoring, red lace and clinking diamanté dresses. We can forgive his ‘ugly shoe fetish’ – his words – because his cool- youth customer will love those man- repelling, bejewelled, heeled Crocs. What about wardrobe solutions? JW Anderson had been looking for new ways to change the system, so he showed his excellent men’s and women’s collections – full of modern city combat gear – together on the runway ‘because women buy men’s and vice versa’, he said. ‘I really wanted to clear out and find what’s next; what’s next is what’s modern,’ he added of launching a democratic photography competition – open to all – in which the winner gets to shoot his next campaign. Equally great wardrobing came from women designers who juggle the hair- raising running of global fashion businesses with family life. Simone Rocha turned up the volume on oh-so-delicate texture with opulent dresses that have never looked more lovely alongside her new trouser suits – ‘with a tomboy Victoriana feel’ and trousers that came with bows at the knee, which looked subversively cool and kinky. Roksanda Ilincic also re ned her signature silhouette with powerful drenches of colour – camel, ochre, blue, claret, yellow, pink – wow! ‘I’m a designer who cares about women, I want to protect and shelter her,’ she said of the luxuriant blankets thrown around the models’ shoulders. And Erdem – widely tipped to be designing Meghan’s wedding dress – was keeping schtum backstage after his epic show at the National Portrait Gallery, the ideal backdrop for his regal collection based on Fred Astaire’s ‘more talented’ sister who came to live in England. Think neat tweed jackets (Balmoral), falling-off-the-shoulder sweaters (Princess Margaret) and breathtaking shimmer dresses – perfect for La Markle’s reception look. Overall, the driving message was one of positivity – from the hottest green shoot of avant-garde design at Central Saint Martins’ graduation show (note the name: Liam Johnson) to the establishment: Christopher Bailey, the man who has steered Burberry for the last 17 years, delivered his grand finale for the house. Celebrating company heritage checks and logos with his latest street-cool vibe– baseball caps, slogan sweats, the chunkiest of fleeces, tracksuits and mega- quilted rainbow parkas – a nod to his support of gay pride and LGBTQ+ rights. Now, if only the BAFTA Best Actress Frances McDormand would wear this to the Oscars, it really would show her ‘problem with compliance’ on the red carpet blackout. And finally, to top it all off, we saw the Queen – yes, really! Her Majesty handed London’s rising boy wonder Richard Quinn the inaugural Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design at his incredible show where every model wore head-to-toe blooms – wild, crazy, ingenious flower prints. It was the moment of the week: victorious, happy and glorious, just like British fashion. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘The very first time I was scouted I was 16 on a shopping trip with my friend in Primark. I have been with Storm for about a year and it’s going really well. I used to watch America’s Next Top Model religiously but I didn’t think it was possible [for me to model].My first London fashion week was exciting, there's a feeling you get before a fashion show that you can't really recreate. The moments before are probably the only time you’re not running around because everything else is so hectic and fast pace.By and large fashion week is enjoyable but really tiring. I have about five castings per day and they take place all over the city. It’s always the same, they take your Polaroid picture, you give them your card, you walk up and down and if they really like you they’ll get you to try something on. At first, it made me feel anxious because when you first start a lot of the time you don't know what you’re doing or who anyone is.My first casting was for Burberry. I went in with absolutely no expectations, I had no idea what a casting would be like.There was probably close to around 100 of us [models]. After a long wait, I met the casting directors and told them a little about myself before showing them my walk. I quickly realised that this industry requires a lot of patience!I’ve lived in a model house [like they do on ANTM]. I shared with up to six girls with only one bathroom! It’s actually really fun though and you can pick up bits of different languages, which is always cool. The industry is cool and it can be really inspiring, especially seeing all the hard work that goes into everything behind the scenes.Personally, [modelling] has helped me build my confidence in a way I didn't expect. quite enjoy it because it means you get to express yourself in a way you wouldn't normally. Something I really love is being able to represent Somali women in a different light. This industry isn’t glamorous, at all, although I really do enjoy all the free food!'As told to and condensed by Lucy Morris.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What do Kim Kardashian crouching by her bins, Gigi Hadid leaving her apartment, Hailey Baldwin partying at Natalia Vodianova's Fabulous Fund Fair and Bella Hadid at Milan Fashion Week all have in common? Logomania. The cure? Fendi.It’s no secret that the logo trend has hit a fever pitch, but so far it’s been vintage Dior, streetwear labels like Supreme and sports brands like Fila and Champion that have benefited from the return of un-subtle branding. Fashion labels have been fast to react and stick their name on everything (shoes, handbags, t-shirts, hoodies, whatever they can to tap into this trend). But, the latest style savants have been turning to one single Italian label to adorn themselves with.First Kim Kardashian was diagnosed with logo mania when she posted an Instagram of herself wearing head-to-toe Fendi by a Louis Vuitton printed rubbish bin. Chic. Then Gigi Hadid was spotted heading to Milan Fashion Week wearing a bomber jacket and Fendi holdall for a double dose of branding. Hailey Baldwin took her Fendi t-shirt dress out-out for Natalia Vodianova's Fabulous Fund Fair on the final night of London Fashion Week. Bella Hadid was the last to jump on the trend as she jetted into Italy for the Moschino AW18 show in a pair of bell bottoms branded with the iconic interlocking ‘F’s.Debrief Fendi Logo1of4'Fendi has always been one of the most solid brands on Waveygarms, ' explains Andreas, the creative director of the cult thrift store. However, he hastens to caveat, 'only vintage Fendi and preferably "FF" monogram'.Wearing this much designer garb takes guts, but when you’re as famous as these five what’s really the point in being subtle?This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Everyone is still recovering from last night’s BRIT Awards.Some have been up all-night celebrating awards (Dua Lipa picked up British Breakthrough Act and British Female Solo Artist), others were busy putting on a united front in the face of split rumours (We’re looking at you Liam Payne and Cheryl Cole) and others were coming down after epic performances (Stormzy sang Blinded By Your Grace in the rain.)Rewind a couple of hours and you’d see these stars in a very different state, walking the red carpet in a surprisingly fashion-forward set of outfits.From Dua Lipa’s Giambattista Valli Spring 2018 Couture pink gown, to Maya Jama’s House Of Holland blazer dress, here are the looks we loved (and will probs try to recreate this weekend…)Dua Lipa wore a pink tulle dress without making it look too princessy. She was styled in the Giambattista Valli Spring 2018 Couture gown by Lorenzo Posocco. The most stylish teenager we know, and Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown wore a layered Rodarte dress with pale pink shoes. Haim also wore Rodarte, they were styled by Rebecca Grice, and shortly after this picture was taken, Este Haim was mistaken for a 'mystery drunk woman' when she videobombed an interview with Liam Payne and Cheryl Cole. Awkward. Jorja Smith continued the floral theme in this partially see-through corset dress, by Dolce and Gabbana. Model Adwoa Aboah has been busy walking in shows at London Fashion Week, but made time for the Brits red carpet, turning up in this ethereal Sonia Rykiel gown, clutching a white rose – a show of solidarity with the Time's Up movement. Rita Ora wore a Ralph & Russo Fall 2017 Couture gown. Our fave Maya Jama spent the evening presenting a Facebook Live for the Brits with Professor Green in this custom made House of Holland piece. Ella Eyre also wore a blazer dress, but in black with fluted sleeves. Hayley Balwin went for a ready-to-wear Ralph Lauren Fall 2017 dress which is covered in sequins. She was styled by LA-based Maeve Reilly. WATCH NOW: Maya Jama Festival Fashion | In Your Festival Bag This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If, like us, you’re always on the hunt for an excuse to add another leopard print piece to your overflowing wardrobe you’ve come to the right place. We’re over half way through fashion month and if the catwalks, street style and celebrity choices tell us anything, it’s the fact that leopard print is here to stay. While we have dabbled with other animal prints over the years (tiger or zebra, anyone?), it seems we always come back to the classic leopard print. The most wearable of the animal prints, if you think of leopard like a neutral it can be worn in endless combinations.We’ve lost count of the AW18/19 shows featuring leopard print in some guise but the hero piece spotted on the catwalks was the leopard print coat. Max Mara, Calvin Klein and even print-averse Victoria Beckham all showcased standout designs. The street style set also got the memo with the likes of Anna Dello Russo, Giovanna Battaglia Engelbert and Alexa Chung all sporting the print.Click though to see our favourite leopard print moments from fashion month so far... Fashion week leopard print Grazia 2of7Whether you subtly nod to the trend with leopard accessories, or go the whole hog and don a leopard dress or coat, there's never been a better time to invest.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jeremy Scott wowed Milan Fashion Week with Moschino’s AW18 show, which parlayed Jackie Kennedy references and anti-Trump sentiments into one chic ‘60s infused collection.‘I was thinking about immigration and illegal immigrants, or illegal “aliens” when I was designing the collection,’ the designer told DazedDigtal of his inspiration. ‘I wanted to play with the idea of what an alien actually looks like.’ As President Trump’s continued fixation on America’s (legal and illegal) immigrants as a political baton rolls on, Scott said referring to DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals): ‘People in my country – some who have lived there since they were children, who have children of their own and are giving back to their communities, are getting evicted from the USA amidst fake news and hysteria. So I thought okay, I’m going to play a little on what an “alien” supposedly looks like.’This sentiment was played out in Scott’s own-line label’s NYFW show earlier this month. There he took inspiration from cult film The Fifth Element, dressing his models in choppy wigs and sci-fi suits.While some of the models were painted Simpsons yellow, Avatar blue and Monsters, Inc. green the clothes at Moschino’s MFW show weren’t actually out of this world. In fact, they played second fiddle to the concept. Co-ordinated skirt suits, pillbox hats, shift dresses and glitzy evening wear trundled down the catwalk on models (like Kaia Gerber and Bella and Gigi Hadid) with stiff bouffants.Playing on the Sixties theme, Scott broke the show into two parts. The first half was full Jackie O with catchy-match tailoring and Roy Lichtenstein esque patterns. While, the latter was glittering and sexy, like Jacqueline Kennedy’s supposed rival, Marilyn Monroe .Under our breath, we’re wondering whether this is the ultimate Marilyn and Jackie O Face-off.Politics doesn’t necessarily come easily to a label that’s always had its tongue placed firmly in its cheek, but this time it did.Debrief Moschino Autumn Winter 20182of58This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jeremy Scott wowed Milan Fashion Week with Moschino’s AW18 show, which parlayed Jackie Kennedy references and anti-Trump sentiments into one chic ‘60s infused collection.‘I was thinking about immigration and illegal immigrants, or illegal “aliens” when I was designing the collection,’ the designer told DazedDigtal of his inspiration. ‘I wanted to play with the idea of what an alien actually looks like.’ As President Trump’s continued fixation on America’s (legal and illegal) immigrants as a political baton rolls on, Scott said referring to DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals): ‘People in my country – some who have lived there since they were children, who have children of their own and are giving back to their communities, are getting evicted from the USA amidst fake news and hysteria. So I thought okay, I’m going to play a little on what an “alien” supposedly looks like.’This sentiment was played out in Scott’s own-line label’s NYFW show earlier this month. There he took inspiration from cult film The Fifth Element, dressing his models in choppy wigs and sci-fi suits.While some of the models were painted Simpsons yellow, Avatar blue and Monsters, Inc. green the clothes at Moschino’s MFW show weren’t actually out of this world. In fact, they played second fiddle to the concept. Co-ordinated skirt suits, pillbox hats, shift dresses and glitzy evening wear trundled down the catwalk on models (like Kaia Gerber and Bella and Gigi Hadid) with stiff bouffants.Playing on the Sixties theme, Scott broke the show into two parts. The first half was full Jackie O with catchy-match tailoring and Roy Lichtenstein esque patterns. While, the latter was glittering and sexy, like Jacqueline Kennedy’s supposed rival, Marilyn Monroe .Under our breath, we’re wondering whether this is the ultimate Marilyn and Jackie O Face-off.Politics doesn’t necessarily come easily to a label that’s always had its tongue placed firmly in its cheek, but this time it did.Debrief Moschino Autumn Winter 20182of58© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s Saturday, the second day of London Fashion Week, and my schedule is packed. There is barely time to pee, let alone pop home for an outfit change, so preparation, organization and a well-packed handbag is key. Plus, a pair of comfortable shoes.Alarm goes off. Hit snooze.Alarm goes off. Hit snooze. (Do you see a pattern here?)I’m up (this really deserves an applause)! Drowsy not from some glamorous fashion week party, but because I was up until 1 a.m writing a feature. Fun.After downing my coffee in one like I’m part of a tired person’s drinking game, I go for a run. Why? Fashion week is stressful and to keep my mind on a level playing field I need to get some fresh air and rebalance my psyche. It’s like meditation for someone who struggles to sit still. I’m slow so only just about manage 5K in half an hour before realizing I need to get going if I want to make it to my first show.I pre-planned my outfit because I’ve learnt I work better at picking something sensible to wear in advance #adulting. If I chose my clothes in the morning I’d probably leave the house in my pyjamas and the closest coat I have to a duvet, and yet my room would still be doused in the contents of my wardrobe. But, what to wear? After putting my new Nike Epic React trainers to the test this morning I’m quite reluctant to give them up. So comfortable, so light, so soft. Starting shoes up I realise they actually go with the majority of my wardrobe. Happy days. I put them with a pair of (vegan) leather trousers, a floral dress, a puffa jacket and my psychedelic-bright fluoro pink plastic bag (also from Nike).I made it by the skin of my teeth to Toga’s show by Kings Cross. On the tube over I sold my soul to God to make sure I didn’t miss it, let’s hope this doesn’t come back to bite me. It was beautiful so at least it was worth it.Backstage everyone is really calm, which is weird (especially as only half the models have had their hair and make-up done). I take this lull to look at the racks of clothes about to be presented. As it’s a Molly Goddard show there’s a lot of tulle and colour. I’ve fallen hard for a dress that looks like an orange explosion. Expect to see me looking like a tangerine dream this autumn.I left backstage in a hurry thinking the show was about to start. The joke’s on me as I sit here for another 20 minutes waiting for it to get started.Molly’s show was fantastic but I want to see Markus Lupfer’s new collection so I need to hotfoot it over to the Swiss Church, near High Holborn, before the presentation finishes. By the time I get there I realise there was no need to rush as everyone’s still milling around drinking champagne. Let me put this on the record now: this kind of glamour is a rare sighting in these post-Brexit LFW times.Feeling a little woozy from a couple of glasses of champers, I meet a friend at by CHLOE. for a late lunch. It’s just opened in London and is very trendy. Every angle of this place looks like ‘content’, and rightfully so every diner is documenting their every bite. That is, except me and my friend. We’re gorging on vegan burgers, sweet potato fries, smoothies and cakes. So, just a light bite.With my feet still holding up, I leg it over to the Burberry show. As this is Christopher Bailey's last collection as creative director of the label, this is the hottest ticket of the week. After crossing an anti-fur picket line and feeling a bit shit about the amount of leather and wool I wear, I get into the venue. I've only got a Standing ticket, which means its tiptoes for the next half hour, but I do feel very thankful I'm not suffering in stilettos, like the lady next to me. The show is fantastic - Cara Delevingne and Adwoa Aboah walked and Bailey used his platform to champion the LGBT message. Feeling empowered and invigorated I dash over to the Topshop space to catch House of Holland's show. Fashion week sounds fun and glam but so much of it is spent running around in circles, like a headless chickenSupposedly House of Holland started 5 minutes ago, but lucky for me everything in LFW-land runs late and I make it to my seat with time to spare. Sitting front row I get a decent view of the designer's stompy hiking boots, down-filled jackets and paracord accessoriesNow would be the sensible time to go home, finish off my articles and get an early night before tomorrow’s slew of shows. Instead, I linger around Covent Garden for an hour browsing Zara and reapplying my make-up in a Starbucks toilet. Chic, right? I have a trashy-looking hair slide and a pair of Pat Butcher earrings swilling around the bottom of my bag, I pop them on and sling on a belt. One day, one bag, two comfortable but cool outfits - is this the definition of winning?Did I mention I was going to a fashion party at Five Guys?! Yes, that means I'm eating my second burger of the day, but remember I went for a run this morning. At the Halpern x Browns party I drink one too many boozy milkshakes and make the wise decision to skip Clio Peppiatt's x Gal-Dem's party and take myself to the bus stop instead. Usually, when I'm in this state I feel bougie and order an Uber, but my feet are holding up and the night bus only takes about half an hourI stumble into my teeny tiny flat feeling a little worse for wear, but blister-free and impressed by how soft and durable my new sneakers have been.The Nike Epic React is available at Nike.comThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Today in Milan Gucci’s guests sat in a make-believe operating theatre to watch Alessandro Michele’s cast of weirdos resurrect the fashion victim for autumn winter 2018. As the merry-go-round of international collections made a stop into Italy today, it’s easy to think of this bi-annual race to piece together new trends and resurrect old house codes as fashion Frankenstein.With tongue firmly placed in cheek, Gucci presented models wearing diaphanous dust bags as outerwear, with headless mannequins for accessories and snakes as arm candy. Trends were mashed up into new forms, like a cardigan jacket with a pearl necklace placed with a paillettes miniskirt and sneakers, a New York Yankees emblem in place of a logo on a blazer's breast pocket and cocktail dresses - like one in turquoise with ruffles - worn over khaki trousers. Nothing was as it seems and everything was topsy-turvy. But, isn't that the magic Michele's Gucci? While the eccentric might feel inclined to try the look head to toe, there were pieces that will effortlessly translate into red carpet and real life sartorial moments. Look at the frilled velvet long-sleeve dress, for instance, take away its check trousers and balaclava and it looks ripe for an A-Lister. The burgeoning silk scarf trend, which found favour today as well as previously with Balenciaga and Queen Elizabeth's favourite Richard Quinn, looks set to rock a Zara very soon. As for the accessories, statement jewellery shows no signs of abating, and this season Gucci turned it up a notch with layers of bangles and a cross-section of headwear, from dad caps to turbans and beanies. This was an ode to wearing every trend an item at once. Eclectic, eccentric and definitely exciting.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Today in Milan Gucci’s guests sat in a make-believe operating theatre to watch Alessandro Michele’s cast of weirdos resurrect the fashion victim for autumn winter 2018. As the merry-go-round of international collections made a stop into Italy today, it’s easy to think of this bi-annual race to piece together new trends and resurrect old house codes as fashion Frankenstein.With tongue firmly placed in cheek, Gucci presented models wearing diaphanous dust bags as outerwear, with headless mannequins for accessories and snakes as arm candy. Trends were mashed up into new forms, like a cardigan jacket with a pearl necklace placed with a paillettes miniskirt and sneakers, a New York Yankees emblem in place of a logo on a blazer's breast pocket and cocktail dresses - like one in turquoise with ruffles - worn over khaki trousers. Nothing was as it seems and everything was topsy-turvy. But, isn't that the magic Michele's Gucci? While the eccentric might feel inclined to try the look head to toe, there were pieces that will effortlessly translate into red carpet and real life sartorial moments. Look at the frilled velvet long-sleeve dress, for instance, take away its check trousers and balaclava and it looks ripe for an A-Lister. The burgeoning silk scarf trend, which found favour today as well as previously with Balenciaga and Queen Elizabeth's favourite Richard Quinn, looks set to rock a Zara very soon. As for the accessories, statement jewellery shows no signs of abating, and this season Gucci turned it up a notch with layers of bangles and a cross-section of headwear, from dad caps to turbans and beanies. This was an ode to wearing every trend an item at once. Eclectic, eccentric and definitely exciting.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At Sophia Webster’s London Fashion Week showcase, where she presented her autumn winter 18 collection, she divulged the secret every fashion fan has always wanted to know: how to find comfortable heels. Not only do they exist, but they are best sellers for the brand. Go figure. Surrounded by trophies that Webster and her sister won as childhood dance champions, the designer was here to talk about her AW18 collection. Inspired by camp Baz Luhrmann classic Strictly Ballroom, it was the definition of opulence and embodiment the flamboyance of ballroom dancing. Heels were festooned with fringing, feathers crystals and fruit embellishment (à la Carmen Miranda). Being a dancer herself, Webster knows that her footwear needs to let the woman wearing them move. ‘Comfort is key really,’ she said, ‘I think when you’re wearing high heels you need to be [comfortable]’. Much of the forthcoming collection relies on three silhouettes: the flat, a strappy stiletto and a caged heel boot and the reason for this is pure comfort. ‘Anything that’s either a caged style or has a strap around the instep, like our ‘Rosalind’ heel, as the strap keeps your foot in place will be dramatically more comfortable’. As the trend for sneakers rolls on, Webster admitted, ‘once you stop wearing heels and you start wearing flat shoes it’s really hard to get back into them.’ Though there’s (obviously) plenty of Webster-designed party shoes to look forward to this winter, there’s also cheeky slogan handbags and glittering flats to enjoy the glitz without the pain. Highlights included satin pointed pumps in fascia adorned with butterfly wings, micro bucket bags adorned with mini insects and caged booties with puff-ball toes. Subtle? No. Charming? Very.Credit: Sophia WebsterSophia Webster2of19© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...By now you know that the Queen, the highest ranking royal in the country, attended London Fashion Week for the first time. You probably know this because every broadsheet and tabloid newspaper in the UK (and many abroad) covered it, because Instagram and Twitter are obsessed with the image of HRH sat on the ‘frow’ next to Anna Wintour, the grand dame of Vogue.Sure, Queenie at age 91 probably fancied ticking fash week off her bucket list but there was a real and very serious reason why she attended. And, it wasn’t just because she was there to present designer Richard Quinn with the inaugural Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design at his AW18 presentation.According to a statement made by Royal Central, ‘The Queen Elizabeth II Award aims to provide continuing recognition of the cultural and trade role the British design and fashion industry has played, and continues to play, throughout Her Majesty’s reign.’ This was a sentiment echoed by HRH herself when she described the award as ‘a tribute to the industry and my legacy and all those who have contributed to British fashion.’As I type the British government is staring down a Brexit precipice that’s looming large over the economy and yet they showed zero presence at a showcase that employs 880,000 people and contributes £28 billion to the UK economy.During the Cameron, Brown and Blair eras, the government loudly supported the homegrown industry. Sarah Brown and Samantha Cameron both hosted seasonal receptions to celebrate London Fashion Week but under Theresa May’s reign, the support has wained. This year there wasn’t a reception and neither Thersa May nor her husband Philip attended any associated events. While it’s arguable that May and her government have more salient Brexit business to be dealing with, having the seal of approval from an eminent political can pull the national (and international) spotlight onto one of the biggest events in the calendar for one of the UK’s largest industries. Question: Did the royal family step in where May did not?The Duchess of Cambridge did her bit too during London Fashion Week. Along with Sophie, Countess of Wessex, seven-month pregnant Kate championed Erdem while kickstarting a new initiative called The Commonwealth Fashion Exchange at Buckingham Palace. Again, an example of a Royal placing LFW in the international conversation.While May and her Conservative cronies fell short of attending and fashion week events, Sadiq Khan cleared his schedule. The Mayor of London attended Ashley Williams catwalk show and posted to his 699K Facebook followers that he was there to support the event that ‘delivers £97 million in orders for British designers every year’.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Our favourite purveyor of printed pieces has pulled out all the stops for Spring and teamed up with London boutique Trilogy to create an exclusive capsule collection. As part of the first drop of the SS18 collection ‘Romance Under the Sea’, RIXO have designed a three-piece capsule line featuring the exclusive ‘Psychedelic Star’ print for the London premium denim specialist. Cobalt blue with powder white stars and a shamrock red border, it’s an ideal print for an transeasonal wardrobe.Georgia skirt, £215The collection is comprised of two best-selling shapes, the Moss blouse (complete with neck tie and billowing sleeves) and the Georgia skirt (pleated with side slits), along with newcomer Phoebe – a midi wrap dress with blouson sleeves. Like the majority of RIXO’s much-loved pieces these designs are all 100% silk.Moss blouse, £175  Embrace your inner maximalist and pair the blouse and skirt together, or style up the separates with denim or a knit. The versatile wrap dress would work equally well with block heels for a wedding as it would dressed down over jeans and a polo neck.Head to rixo.co.uk, trilogystores.co.uk or one of Trilogy’s London stores to get your hands on the collection before it sells out.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Call it an extension of the ugly shoe trend, but white cowboy boots are having a moment. Birkenstocks, Crocs and dad trainers have all had their moment to shine and now this divisive shoe is having it’s time in the sun, both on and off the catwalk.We can pinpoint exactly when we knew cowboy boots were going to stage a coup on our footwear. It was May last year and Millie Bobby Brown turned up to the MTV Movie Awards wearing a pair of blindingly white cowboy boots with a Calvin Klein dress. One example is easy to dismiss, but then Ganni presented the world with a pair of ankle-grazing Western boots and Ashley Williams, Topshop, Zara, House of Holland and Toga also got in on the hoedown.At London Fashion Week there was no escaping it, everyone was saying ‘yee-haw’ to the style. Retiring their sock boots and knee-highs for this directional game-changer. Truly, it's no more a flight of fancy than any other ludicrous accessory adopted the street style set (looking at you bum bags and plastic jeans). If you’re feeling brave, might we recommend pairing them - like half of LFW did - with jeans or a micro-floral dress?If we’re honest, it was only a matter of time before this was inevitable. For, recently Western shirts, denim and prairie dresses have been on the sartorial agenda. Add in the current 1980s revival and suddenly you have a ven diagram of trends that lead neatly to the cowboy boots return to the top.The kicker? They are actually what our wardrobe has been missing. With a manageable low heel and an elongated toe, they add height and lengthen the legs.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Queen made a surprise appearance at London Fashion Week today, sitting on the front row at the Richard Quinn show. She was in attendance to present the inaugural Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design to the young designer. Sitting between the chief executive of the British Fashion Council, Caroline Rush, and American Vogue editor Anna Wintour, she wore a duck egg blue skirt suit by personal stylist Angela Kelly and carried one of her signature bags. It was a first for the monarch, who hasn’t been seen at a London Fashion Week show before. Her late sister, Princess Margaret, attended Dior’s couture show at Blenheim Palace in 1954. London born designer Richard Quinn established his eponymous label in 2016, having graduated from the esteemed Fashion MA course at Central Saint Martins. It comes just a day after the Duchess of Cambridge and Countess of Wessex launched the Commonwealth Fashion Exchange with a soiree at Buckingham Palace. The initiative hopes to use fashion as a common language to change the way that people view the modern commonwealth today.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...'It’s like mission impossible,’ gasps Lady Amanda Harlech. It is the day after the Chanel Haute Couture show in January. Rain is pelting down. The car sent to collect her was late. Apologies tumble out. She’s had enough of Uber, there’s never a hope in hell of a taxi in Paris and as for the Métro – not in these heels! She drops an overstuffed bag on the floor, throws off her Simone Rocha coat, collapses onto the sofa. Exhausted.We are in a top floor room in Chanel HQ on Rue Cambon. It is walled with mirrors and Amanda is up on her feet again, appraising her outfit – not vainly, merely reviewing herself with the utmost critical eye, perhaps for the first time that day. She attempts to pat down a rebellious halo of jet black hair but it refuses to comply. Opening her black Chanel jacket – bespokely made for her tiny frame – she reveals a T-shirt that reads ‘The future is female’ which she stole from her 29-year-old daughter Tallulah. ‘I’m not really a message on a T-shirt person, but it’s very good quality cotton,’ she concedes. Then she flops back down on the sofa and crosses her legs exposing a pair of neon yellow socks. ‘Oh these? No, they’re not Vetements. They’re my Nike exercise socks, I bought them on Amazon.’Creative collaborator to the world’s most famous fashion designer, Amanda Harlech first met Karl Lagerfeld in 1996. ‘I don’t know if you ever do meet him,’ she counters, ‘it’s more like how much of Karl he allows you to meet.’ The occasion was a party at his grand maison, his former home on Rue de l’Université where he’d regularly fill his ballroom with ‘the great and good of fashion’, anyone from the beau monde who sparked his interest. ‘And there he was, the designer I knew from images of him – behind dark glasses, fan in hand, hair in an 18th-century ponytail – like a king surrounded by his friends. We didn’t speak apart from a hello,’ recalls Amanda. She had been invited to the party as a guest of John Galliano with whom she had been working for a decade, tearing up the fashion rule book ever since the British designer’s Central Saint Martins’ graduation show.At that point, they were both employed at the Paris fashion house Givenchy. But Galliano had secretly signed a contract to move to ‘his dream job’ at Dior. Karl made his move on Amanda at their second meeting, a dinner to celebrate Elton John’s birthday. ‘He flew me to Paris, put me up in the Ritz – I’d never stayed at a hotel like that in my life – and somehow he’d heard – because Karl hears everything – that I was having problems [negotiating my contract] with Dior.’ Karl offered her a contract on the spot: ‘“Tell Dior to match this!” So I did, and they rang back and said, “Is this a joke?”’ And then in a Devil Wears Prada moment she called Anna Wintour for advice, who barked: ‘Amanda, do something professional for the first time in your life.’ The whole contract situation coincided with the breakdown of her marriage to the late Francis Ormsby-Gore, 6th Baron Harlech. ‘So you see I had to do it, I was losing my home, the children were so vulnerable.’ And did Galliano understand?‘I would like one day for him to understand.’I wonder what Karl saw in Amanda, a woman he’d only met only twice – and for only a few hours at most? ‘Karl’s got a very sharp instinct, I guess. The thing is just to walk through those doors. And never look down. But these things have always happened in my life.’Born Amanda Grieve, the daughter of a solicitor and a beautifully-dressed mother, she grew up with two brothers near Regent’s Park in North London, where neighbours included Alan Bennett, Jonathan Miller and the Conrans – she often played dress up with Jasper Conran. Gifted at ballet, painting, acting and playing the piano, she won a place at the Royal Ballet School, but could have gone to the Slade School of Fine Art, the Royal College of Music or Oxford. She chose Oxford and read English. She fell into fashion by accident when she assisted a friend at Harpers & Queen and was made junior fashion editor within months. Of that time, she has said: ‘But I was a difficult, tricky, over-idealistic editor who would dig her heels in and refuse to do things, so at the point where I think they were going to fire me, I met John who was the visual response to everything I could have imagined. He did shows which were stories and adventures so I went with him.’The transition from Galliano to Lagerfeld wasn’t easy. ‘I felt that I went from doing everything with John to almost nothing with Karl, initially.’ She paints a hilarious picture of one of her first fittings – a ceremony whereby a model wearing the latest prototype is brought before Karl for his approval, in front of a deeply respectful studio team. Unaware, or perhaps stifled by the protocol, Amanda suddenly leapt to her feet, took hold of the model’s jacket and wrapped it tight like a ballet cardigan. The entire room gasped. ‘You have to imagine nobody did that, nobody ever got up to touch the clothes. The tailoring premier looked at me like a 1,000 scissors were coming at me.’ By the end of her first year, the studio settings resembled an auditorium with a giant audience watching the Kaiser’s every move. ‘And Karl was beginning to feel the pressure so he said, “Come with me” and we went outside, between the kitchen and the loo, and he said, “Go in and tell them that if they don’t leave, I’m not going to come back in.”’ So Amanda, naïve newcomer, did precisely that. It didn’t make her very popular with anyone. Except Karl.Amanda has always struggled to define exactly what she does, or to pinpoint who she is to Karl. Years ago, she told me she felt like a geisha, implying her role was merely to entertain and flatter – which she does with immense charm, but that nowhere near covers it.I’ve seen her in action, always by his side at his big black desk in the Chanel studio – even at 2am (he prefers to work through the night if necessary, in the run-up to a show), batting around ideas and suggestions, mediating, negotiating, keeping up his mood as well as those in the tight team of specialists around him. But even today, she is wary of labelling her role. ‘Maybe the thing I can claim to be, what I can offer, is a point of view or a perspective about proportion. I feel fashion very passionately, if you ask me about colours, or shapes or anything like that I’m really interested and I would do that for hours and hours. I love the work, I never really think of it as work.’To most people Karl Lagerfeld must seem as aloof and austere as his iconic image. The shock of it is that he is anything but. Amanda says she has rarely witnessed ‘the deep freeze’ as she calls it. ‘He’s more likely to say, “I’m in a bad mood, does it show?”’ According to her it doesn’t because he never screams, shouts or throws tantrums, but has a huge capacity to absorb things going wrong, which they frequently do – even at Chanel. ‘The worst thing is not giving Karl 110% because he can always if you've got another agenda. The more you're breaking a sweat thinking, "I've got to leave! I've got to make my flight!" the slower he'll go. And he's right. You might be really tired, it might be 2am, but you know what? Give him as much as you can to make what he wants happen- it's taken me a long time to learn that one.'Over the past 22 years, her main challenge has been keeping up with Karl, the indefatigable 84-year- old fashion superhero who must dream up six blockbuster shows a year for Chanel, plus the two for Fendi in Italy, his other design gig where Amanda is employed as his ‘outside pair of eyes’. In the beginning, she would come to Paris just four times a year to work on the ready-to-wear and couture shows – and stay in a suite at the Ritz – but since Chanel started adding more collections to the roster (10 in total), she now sees him every couple of weeks and stays in a ‘grace and favour’ apartment in Paris, which Karl kitted out with an easel to encourage her painting.He also made sure there was a piano there for her. Indeed, he has always encouraged all of her passions – nurturing her writing (‘Don’t over edit, don’t overwrite, just say it,’ he tells her), buying her a camera, in fact three (‘You’ve got such a good eye – use it!’) and sending her boxes of books to read when she’s at home (‘because what else is there to do in the middle of nowhere but read?’). Home is a working farm in Shropshire where she keeps horses, sheep and a dog. ‘I go from Paris, the court of manners, to the rain hammering on the window, a very touchy wood burner that smokes and to picking Brussels sprouts that are freezing cold and hard as bullets.’ She switches off from fashion there, swaps her Manolos for wellies and enjoys creating enormous collages in her painting studio (also built by Karl) or playing Schubert on her Steinway Grand. ‘One Easter, I opened the door and Karl’s two lovely, smiling removal guys, Romain and Tabor, were standing on my doorstep having driven [the Steinway] in a lorry from France.’As the interview draws to a close, Amanda tells me about her favourite times with Karl, holidaying at his South of France home; how it became their thing, every summer outside of the Chanel hothouse. ‘I’d surf all day with the children and we’d come back from the beach to find him sitting beneath the lime trees in his garden reading, and we’d have tea.’ Then she mentions seeing him just before Christmas and how she thanked him for all he’d done for her. ‘And do you know what he told me?’ she remembers, as if slightly startled by his emotion, because Karl is not one for nostalgia or sentiment, ‘that friendship is the most priceless gift of all’. Before she heads off, I ask about Karl’s succession. She has no idea who might take over from him and the idea, although inevitable is too upsetting for her. ‘All I can say is he rescued me, this touching, generous genius. I’m not ready to think about a world without Karl.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In case you’re not aware, London Fashion Week just ended. Ripped jeans? Mini-skirts? Old news. The very nature of the bi-annual fashion week circus means that, in the immortal words of Heidi Klum, ‘one day you're in and the next you're out’. To keep you on top of what’s hot and what’s certainly not, here is your guide to London Fashion Week’s biggest news.To Alexa Chung fans this won't come as a surprise, but barrettes are back on top. In the great accessory race, the statement necklace has fallen into last place, followed by the humble bracelet, the kooky earring is lagging behind as the unapologetic hair ornament strides into the lead. Wear yours like Simone Rocha's models i.e. at all times. Whether you're dancing the night away in a party dress or directing a boardroom in a sharp suit, a glitzy hair slide should be tucking the hair out of your eyes. Trendsetters have been predicting the cowboy boot's comeback ever since Millie Bobby Brown wore a pair to the MTV Movie Awards last year. But, it wasn't until this week did we see how popular this shoe has become. Front row-er's tended to wear theirs beneath the leg of a tailored suit or poking out from under the hem of a maxi dress. For the more reserved among us, the abbreviated ankle-grazing equivalent has proved equally popular this LFW. Take note. What do hikers wear? Fleeces, walking boots, cagoules and paracord? This season, they aren't alone. Traversing new territory, Burberry, Preen by Thornton Breganzzi, J.W.Anderson and House of Holland all followed hikers footsteps. Halpern is the newest buzz brand at London Fashion Week, Browns is one of the most respected multi-brand boutiques in the UK and together they hosted the hottest party of LFW at Five Guys. Think: unlimited burgers, fries and boozy milkshakes. Zero no-fat-matcha-coconut-fun-free-lattes and avocado toasts here. If there's one thing that's been celebrated on and off the catwalk this week it's been eclecticism. Like maximalism, but wackier. From models at Ashley Williams wearing tip-to-toe tie-dye jeans and hoodies to Burberry's rainbow explosion sportswear, it's safe to say the days of muted colours and struck tailoring are behind us. Turn off the Take That, pack away the platform sneakers and tattoo choker necklaces because the '80s are back. Power shoulders at Gareth Pugh, taffeta at Molly Goddard, sequin-everything at Halpern and Day-Glo make-up at Ashley Williams confirm the fact. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fantasy and fairy tale are Marchesa’s bread and butter. As Keren Craig says, giving Grazia an exclusive preview of the collection in an exclusive Upper East Side hotel, ‘The more over the top the better’.So how does Marchesa fare in this new era for the brand, post #MeToo with no catwalk to show off the designs on? Does it go sombre and austere? Not at all, it sings even louder to the choir who already love and wear the brand. The autumn/winter 2018 collection takes its cue from 17th century Dutch floral paintings which though highly detailed, bear little resemblance to reality. They are an exaggerated romantic vision.This translated into gowns constructed of cloudlike tiers of tulle and millefeuille layers of lace, embroidered with tactile chenille, velvet and organza orchids, poppies and anemones, or hand painted with floral prints. Painstaking embroidery, metallic bugle beading and pearls heighten the opulence. Sleeves are puffed, waists nipped in and cascades of sculptural ruffles – all freehand draped by Georgina Chapman – frame the silhouette in waterfalls of curlicues. Bows are everywhere. Stretch velvet cocktails and a smattering of separates are the label’s concession to reality, albeit the Marchesa woman’s definition of reality (she doesn’t get on the subway, put it that way).Marchesa is a label that’s superlatively romantic, but in a sense the dresses are also armour for their wearer – striking pieces that she can escape into. ‘I want someone to feel magical and at their most beautiful,’ says Craig of the Marchesa effect. ‘I want someone to feel empowered. At the end of the day we really believe that if you put on a dress you feel fabulous and you feel like you can take on the world’. In that sense, it was very much business as usual.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Designer handbags might not seem like the most sensible use of your money, but it turns out that expensive classics like Grace Kelly’s namesake Hermes bag and the classic Chanel 2.55 might actually be the best place to invest your money.According to the Wall Street bank Jeffries, there is a lucrative market for luxury bag sales, which has grown from £5 million to £26 million in just seven years. And it’s not just vintage classics that are bringing in the big bucks – even bags bought in the past 10 years can expect to sell for more than five times their original price. ‘A strong aftermarket legitimises a product’s price on the primary market,’ the analyst at Jeffries told The Times. ‘Hence brands have been willing to co-operate and share expertise.’But there is one brand in particular that you can almost guarantee will increase in worth, and that’s the Hermes. Indeed, the Himalaya bag, bought for 29,600 euros in 2010, raised 157,500 euros at auction in 2016. This could be set to change, however, as the analyst from Jeffries continues: ‘Luxury brands have increasingly been able to raise the prices of their handbags and use more premium materials, so the top of the market is likely to become less dominated by Hermès.’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Locking down an interview with Jens Grede and Erik Torstensson is like herding cats across continents. There is just one day in three months that their jet-set paths will cross in London. For a few hours. And so it is here, in the noisy Grill Room at The Beaumont Hotel, where expensively tailored professionals are busy carving out deals over posh burgers, that I finally meet them.Jens and Erik are the branding gurus behind Saturday Group – an image consultancy business that has worked with pretty much every megabrand in the fashion business, credited for bringing Justin buff-tastic Bieber to Calvin Klein, the COS concept to H&M and launching menswear site Mr Porter. Five years ago, they decided to create a brand of their own – FRAME – which, despite being launched into the cut-throat competitive denim market, rapidly acquired cult status, thanks to a bountiful supply of celebrity and supermodel devotees. FRAME now boasts sales of $120 million.Both handsome, both 39, they wear the universal low-key look of success: precisely worn-in jeans, faux-frayed shirts, cool haircuts, scrupulous stubble. Except for their underwear (Calvin Klein, apparently) they are wearing FRAME head-to-toe. The only sign of decadence is their matching Patek Philippe watches that they bought for each other a few years back when they ‘came into a bit of money’.Jens: ‘They’re exactly the same.’Erik: ‘They’re a good reminder.'Together: ‘They’re like our wedding bands.’The pair are not married to each other– although they tell me this is a running joke with their wives, who also happen to be game-changing entrepreneurs: Jens is married to Emma Grede, who set up the brilliant inclusive-sized denim brand Good American with Khloé Kardashian. Erik is married to Dame Natalie Massenet, founder of Net-A-Porter, former chair of the British Fashion Council and now running FarFetch with co-chair José Neves – a business valued at $1.5 billion.So who are Jens and Erik? And how did they become such consummate sellers of seduction?First off, they are Swedish – so are all the stereotypes true, I ask? They tease, reeling off hilarious facts about all things Swedish, but essentially, yes, they spoke English fluently by the age of seven thanks to ever-present TV subtitles from which they gleaned British and American pop culture; yes, like every good Swede they were instilled with the strictest of moral codes to ‘work hard, try harder’; and naturally they grew up on a strict diet of Scandinavian design that prizes form and function over extravagance and decoration. ‘It’s no accident that Volvo, Ikea and Electrolux are Swedish,’ deadpans Jens. They say everything Swedish can be boiled down to one word – ‘lagom’ – which means ‘not too much and not too little – just right’.Erik explains: ‘My parents didn’t have much money, so when they bought a sporty second-hand car, they traded down and got rid of the flashy rims. That's lagon- not wanting to stand out.'Jens: ‘You have to look hard to find an extrovert in Sweden.’Erik: ‘Yeah, they all leave.’Jens: ‘I wouldn’t say that.’Eric: ‘Well if you were to compare us to an American extrovert, we are almost like priests.’Jens: 'Let's say we are as extroverted as a third grader in Michigan.’Erik: ‘In Sweden, they would call us loud.'Even before they met each other they lived weirdly parallel lives. Born in the same year, 1978, they both grew up on farms: Erik one hour west of Stockholm, Jens one hour south. While Jens went straight to work aged 19 on a magazine in the capital called Stockholm New, casting and producing shoots as the managing editor, Erik went to a media high school, landed a place to study magazine art direction, then freelanced as a graphic designer: ‘Hustling, literally trying every which way to get into this cool industry.' They met for the first time in 2000, when Wallpaper* magazine founder Tyler Brûlé invited each of them to London to work for his creative agency, Wink.‘We hated each other,’ says Erik. Plucked from identical backgrounds, thrown into the arena and tossed the same golden opportunity, they both wanted to be top dog. Jens says he was arrogant; Erik says he was insecure. Three weeks later, they were renting a flat together.‘It was incredible, we were like 21 and the things we got to do, people we met, places we travelled to,’ recalls Erik of their two-year stint at Wink, where they got to rebrand Swiss air, conceive Stella McCartney's logo and help create the brand identity for a luxury mega mall in Kuwait. it was the era of metrosexual male, ingeniously commercialized and repackaged by Brûlée, who encouraged everyone who worked for him to live the flawless luxury lifestyle they promoted. 'Living together and traveling together we became an unbearable little team,' remembers Jens, 'As Tyler once said,'I've created a monster."'They were 24 when they set up their own creative agency, Saturday, and won their first client, H&M – rewriting the Swedish high-street giant’s advertising campaigns with the likes of Beyoncé and Lady Gaga. They were one of the first creative agencies to add a digital arm to their business (called Wednesday, confusingly), which brought in clients including Balenciaga, Moncler and Armani. They published two fashion magazines, Man About Town and Industry, and bought a fashion PR company, RMO. Then, two years ago, as FRAME grew (perhaps beyond even their wildest dreams) they decided to make it their sole focus, and in 2016 sold the agency (by this time renamed Wednesday Agency Group) to advertising behemoth BBDO Worldwide for an undisclosed sum. This was when they bought their matching Patek Philippe Nautilus 5712 watches. Jens describes himself as fearless. ‘I’m very good at giving direction and ambition, where we’re going together.’ Erik says he’s the ‘executor’, the creative content provider, the detail man. Both agree they couldn’t have done it without the other; they are refreshingly candid about their strengths and weaknesses. Jens: ‘Basically, I’m good at throwing us both in at the deep end, but Erik drags us to shore.’Erik: ‘Drag? It’s more like a beautiful synchronised swim to shore.’Is he joking? It’s hard to tell given how easy they make it all look. When I ask them why they decided to launch FRAME into the oversaturated denim market, they say everyone they knew, including their wives, said they should ‘categorically not do it’. So what were they thinking?They simply asked one question: ‘Why should anyone give a shit?’ Jens explains, ‘That’s where a lot of people go wrong, when they try to second guess an audience they don’t understand. It’s better to just create for yourself. And we are the most difficult, demanding consumers we know.’ Adds Erik, ‘FRAME is where we are in our life, for the women who surround us and the men we are now.’And where are they now? Both multimillionaires since their early thirties, brand masters and happily married to superwomen. Jens lives with Emma and their two children, Grey, aged four, and Lola, two, in Beverly Hills – with two other homes (‘my greatest extravagance’) in Gloucestershire and London. Erik lives between London, Wiltshire and Los Angeles with Natalie, their two daughters from her previous marriage, Bella, 18, and Ava, 12, and five-month-old son Jet Everest Torstensson, whose ‘much yearned for’ arrival was far from your average birth announcement. ‘Jet was born on 15 September in Los Angeles and came into our lives with the most generous help from our surrogate,’ revealed Natalie, 52, via Instagram – like, pow! Take that people! ‘All women are strong and we love strong women. I mean, generally, a lot of men are scared of strong women, but we love them and that feeds into FRAME,’ says Erik.This, they believe, is what makes their brand believable. ‘Any successful brand has to be authentic, people can smell it.’To that end, their wives are a massive influence on all that they do. ‘What they’ve done, their stories, inspire us,’ says Erik. ‘Take Natalie: her dream might have been to be editor-in-chief of American Vogue, and she’ll never be that, but what she became was a new version of that; with the same power and influence she made her own story, using ecommerce to get her viewpoint across.’ Surprisingly, she had no hand in launching FRAME. ‘We’re kind of Church and State, we keep things quite separate. She didn’t help in any way there, Net-A-Porter was one of the last [to buy FRAME], she was like, “I have nothing to do with this.” When I bought the first pair home, she says it was one of her greatest reliefs when she put them on and they felt good.’I ask them if there will ever be room in their vision for larger-framed women. This is, after all, a brand that advertises everything it makes on the lithest of superbodies, including their ‘great friend’ Karlie Kloss, and in their exclusive shoot for us here on these pages, with another bestie, Hailey Baldwin. They look somewhat outraged. ‘Kim Kardashian is a fan of the brand. All the Kardashians are! And Amy Schumer – we heard it’s her favourite jeans brand!’ So why not put her on a billboard then? ‘Oh, absolutely we would,’ says Jens. ‘100%,’ adds Erik. ‘It has nothing to do with body shape, if we’re excited about Amy it’s because of what she does, who she is and she is amazing.’ Piqued, they offer Lara Stone, another FRAME model, as proof of diversity by talking up her voluptuousness, and I point out that she is perhaps only voluptuous in the eyes of fashion people, as far away from a ‘real’ body as is possible to be. ‘Listen,’ says Jens, all serious, ‘We produce 900 styles a year, split between men’s and women’s. We only sell to real-life men and women with real-life bodies, that’s why we’re a $120 million company.’ Touché. The huge collection of ‘elevated everyday staples’ – which this spring runs from billowing striped shirts to a cool 1970s-inflected safari suit – has long since grown out of being just a denim brand. All of which has afforded them the opportunity to open stores in LA, San Francisco, New York and Dallas, with Aspen opening this May and more in the pipeline. They are also set to launch bags – aptly titled ‘Les Second’ – as in not your fancy bag but a sleek, functional, subtly branded tote ‘to keep all your crap in’. It’s all part of their ambitious plan – to grow FRAME in size and status to that of Calvin Klein.Well, who says they can’t? Twin talents. Exceptional communicators. Driven, intuitive, risk-taking – and did I mention how much fun they are to be around? So why do they think they’ve been so successful? Jens shrugs, like it’s obvious. ‘We’ve worked together 18 years and I get to do this with my best friend.’ And Erik says, ‘I don’t think I’d be interested in any of it if I couldn’t share the highs and lows.’ See? It’s their friendship. Not too much and not too little – just right, in fact. At the end of the day, it’s all about ‘lagom’.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With London Fashion Week the feeling of excitement is tinged with a slight sense of anxiety. While the endless outfit changes and constant drinking and socialising can be enjoyable - if properly managed - the stress of the event does begin to take its toll after the first couple of days.My anticipation for this particularly intense week of the year is sparked as I nervously look over my schedule. A show here, a party there - not too bad. The marathon of quick changes and shuttle rides around the city to sit for about twenty minutes and watch as a herd of long-legged beauties exhibit the new collections are not for the faint-hearted.As I contemplate LFW’s tension, I have to nudge myself to remember the infinitely more stressful time the models are enduring. I shudder at the thought of having to quickly change outfit between shows and parties and the constant taking off and reapplying of make-up. But, then I remember the models have to do this in between every look for each show.Every year I find myself wondering why I am included in an event that is so important to so many people. As much as I appreciate the tireless work that goes into creating such aesthetic masterpieces, I can’t help but feel lucky to be invited but also slightly out of place. I think a lot of people feel this way about fashion. I don’t really have any idea who is who, or what collection came when. But maybe the idea of fashion is that everyone just sort of ‘fakes it.’If it is any consolation to anyone that reading this, I have no idea what I am doing most of the time! I am sent my schedule and told where to be and when. I like it that way. Other than a few occasions in which I do take a particular interest in a certain designer, I pretty much just get told what to do.For example, one season, many moons ago, I was invited to sit front row at the Marc Cain show in Berlin. I arrived in Berlin to shoot a magazine cover and I was totally unaware that by the time I finished shooting, I was to be rushed, pretty much as is, straight to a large red carpet.Having never walked a red carpet in this fashion before and being fresh from shooting all day in crusty makeup I was terrified. Luckily my boyfriend at the time stepped in and led a shivering Tiger passed the paparazzi...very gallant of him.I was seated on my own, since no one, probably, had any idea who I was and waited for my two companions to sit either side of me. On one side, I had Lena Gercke and on the other, Irina Shayk. Sitting in the middle of these two gorgeous giantesses, all five-foot-six of me felt a bit like a squidgy dumpling in a world full of noodles.You would think that with time and age these things get easier. To some extent this is true, but I still find myself feeling a bit dumpling-esque when I am immersed in the noodle soup of the fashion world.Last season at London Fashion Week I found myself sitting front row at the Topshop Show. I loved my outfit and was feeling great, like I had my shit together.Alas, this was not entirely the case. The room in which the show took place was mercilessly heated like a furnace and I spent the entire show aggressively fanning myself with the press release as I sexily sweated through my polyester suit. Gorgeous... really…elegant.Luckily, I have learned that the best way to deal with the stresses of fashion week is to realise that it’s only fashion and to just enjoy it accordinglyThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The dresses are the stuff of fairy tale and fantasy: delicate peach tulle embroidered with sparkling flowers, matched by cloud-like silk sleeves hovering over a black velvet sheath. Yet the reality behind last week’s much-anticipated Marchesa collection at New York Fashion Week is nothing short of a nightmare. For every single dress in the 50-strong range, released digitally last Wednesday and modelled by Karen Elson, was designed and created by Harvey Weinstein’s recently divorced wife, Georgina Chapman, in the weeks after she learned that her husband had repeatedly abused and allegedly raped scores of women. The designer behind Marchesa, the fashion house that has dressed women from Michelle Obama to the Duchess of Cambridge, and from Nicole Kidman to Jennifer Lopez, sought solace in her sketches as her husband’s behaviour over 30 years emerged in story after devastating story. The result is a collection of strikingly bold gowns that carry the hopes of Marchesa’s red-carpet revival.Everything that you see here today Georgina sketched while she was out of the office and going through a very, very tough time,’ says Keren Craig, Georgina’s best friend, business partner and godmother to Georgina and Harvey’s daughter. The trauma is still fresh, but to mark the label’s first New York Fashion Week since the scandal broke last October, Keren is ready to explain to Grazia how the Marchesa autumn/winter ’18 collection was created in the eye of the storm.Surrounded by 17 new occasion dresses, Keren gestures around the NY hotel room as she says, ‘George was just sending sketches through. It was unbelievable. This collection is the result of that time. I feel emotional about it because I actually couldn’t believe how incredibly strong she was.‘She threw herself into her work, she threw herself into protecting her kids. Marchesa is her life, it is her passion. You see it here: even though she was going through all that, these beautiful things have somehow come out of such a hard time.’Keren and Georgina, both 41, have been best friends since they met as 18-year-olds at Chelsea College of Art and Design. Keren is emotional as she describes how the unfolding scandal – which saw up to 90 women accuse Weinstein of sexual assault and rape – threatened to engulf the label that they have spent 14 years building.Recalling the moment she learned, as the friends showed off their bridal collection on 5 October, that Weinstein was a serial abuser who nevertheless denies rape, Keren says, ‘I felt incredible sadness, I was just thinking about Georgina and my god-daughter and their son and helping however I could. [But] there was nothing I could do.’In fact, as textile designer and co-founder, she helped by holding the fort at the Marchesa studio while designer Georgina battled headlines and lawyers and extricated herself from her marriage of 10 years, with a settlement reported at $20m.‘It was about getting to the office and making sure that everyone there knew that it was business as usual.’At the height of the crisis, a jewellery deal fell through, but others stood by them. ‘All our core retailers came out in support. Neiman Marcus is a big supporter, and Saks. It means everything to us. We’ve worked hard at it and our customers are sticking with us.’ Marchesa also has a strong presence in the Middle East with a store in Dubai.But for a brand that built its name on the red carpet, there is no doubt that these are uncertain times. Not a single big-name star has been seen in Marchesa since Weinstein was exposed and [Desperate Housewives star] Felicity Huffman has come forward to say she was pressured by Weinstein into wearing a Marchesa gown to collect her Golden Globe for Transamerica in 2006.Keren is visibly shaken as she tries to formulate a response. ‘That was very difficult to read, and shocking,’ she says. ‘It was the first I’d heard about it. I remember the dress and I remember working with Felicity, she was absolutely lovely. So I was shocked... and very sad.’The design duo seem to have accepted that their Hollywood red-carpet reign is over, for now. ‘In the future, I am sure you will see our dresses on the red carpet,’ says Keren, ‘but right now it’s time to step back from that. That’s always been a great marketing tool for us, but it’s not our core business.’ Indeed, Georgina herself hinted to Grazia that they are looking forward to taking the brand in a new direction, ‘We are looking forward to expanding our cocktails and separates, giving more versatility to our collections for our customers,’ she said in a statement.Georgina and Keren founded Marchesa in 2004, and soared to success after Renée Zellweger wore a strapless crimson gown to the premiere of Bridget Jones: The Edge Of Reason, produced by Weinstein (who later admitted to ‘maybe’ helping her choose Marchesa). Immediately, they faced claims that Georgina’s then-boyfriend – the decidedly unfashionable Weinstein – had not only bankrolled the label but had given it an unfair advantage. Keren, however, is at pains to insist that he has no financial connection to the business. ‘Harvey was helpful in the beginning. He helped us with meeting people, arranging contacts, [but] in terms of the business, he has not been involved.’Did he ever make a financial investment? ‘No’. Does he have any remaining financial involvement? ‘No.’ Really? No shares, no stake? ‘None, nothing.’Business aside, Keren obviously feels the Weinstein betrayal keenly. She was maid of honour at Georgina’s 2007 wedding to the 65-year-old movie producer, but will not go beyond saying, ‘I just feel immense sadness for the victims, for the women who have spoken out so bravely. I’m very glad he’s getting some help.’Within days of the scandal, Georgina announced her decision to divorce. Did Keren ever have any inkling that Weinstein was even unfaithful? ‘Absolutely not. No. It was a total shock.’ Again she looks close to tears. ‘It was upsetting and my heart was broken for George.’There was also speculation that Weinstein’s notoriously tough management style spilled over into Marchesa. Did Keren ever experience any Weinstein bullying? ‘No. I have not. Harvey was my best friend’s husband, it was a social relationship.’ She is adamant, however, that Weinstein’s ex-wife must not be counted on the list of abused women.‘Georgina doesn’t see herself as a victim. That’s very important. She’s just trying to get on with her life. You’ve got to realise George is such a strong woman. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a very hard time, but she’s quite inspirational.’The friends are considering what kind of gesture to make in response to the grassroots #MeToo movement, and the #Time’sUp campaign, which raises funds for women to fight harassment.‘We want to support them. We want to make a gesture. We need to properly process how it can be the most beneficial.’Now, in terms of their business, the focus is firmly on their customers and taking the brand in a new direction. ‘We want the clothes to speak for themselves,’ says Keren. Whether these customers can separate the dreamlike Marchesa autumn/winter ’18 collection from the sex-abuse storm in which they were created holds the key to the brand’s future. But what is clear is that Georgina and Keren’s remarkable friendship will survive. Says Keren: ‘I just want her to know that I’m there for her, no matter what.’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At the autumn winter 2018 Roksanda show during London Fashion Week today, the namesake designer refreshed the most humble of accessories. As the cold drags on and the weather continues to be unpredictable, meaning outerwear remains the norm, Roksanda’s striking scarves staged a coup on the statement coat.When the wind is blowing and the chance of catching a cold is simply too great, it’s imperative to seek out a creative way to stay warm. Enter, Roksanda’s vision of comfort: down-filled scarves. One might usually think of Roksanda Ilincic in the same breath as striking cocktail dresses - as favoured by Emma Stone, the Duchess of Cambridge and Kiera Knightley - yet today she flexed her sartorial muscles in a different way.Models in tailored coats, furry jackets and swaddled in downy outerwear in honey and rose colours stepped out with the tight knot of a puffed-up scarf at their neck. Secured tight at the neck with the tail of the shawl pointing skywards, it's almost couture proportions,No matter which way you twist it, one thing is blatantly clear: This is a subtle styling trick that’s graceful, unfussy and a boring coat’s game changer.Credit: ShutterstockRoksanda2of36© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...My aesthetic this season can be summed up as black, grey, more black, darker grey, a bit of red, black again, a splash of leopard print, and some more grey. And, given that this winter of rain, bitter coldness and constant illness has seemingly lasted about 45 years, I’ve frankly forgotten what Spring is and am not prepared for its imminence.How does it feel to leave the house without four jumpers on? Will my bare legs survive in the sunlight? And will someone please remind me what a pastel colour looks like?Thankfully, Dorothy Perkins’ new-season collection has put a spring in our step (soz), and is here to save our wardrobes from descending into an irreversible murky despair.Dorothy Perkins, Grey Basic Hoodie, £18; Dorothy Perkins, Black Spotted And Floral Print Mini Skirt, £25; Dorothy Perkins, Wide Fit Black Storm Mules, £15Springtime is odd because everyone wants to get their legs out but realistically it's still a bit cold. This look is one for the garden party your mate decided to throw because the sun came out for five minutes, only for you all realise it's very much still arctic when dusk sets in. It's perfect marriage of comfy meets pretty.Dorothy Perkins, Black Tall Floral Print Mini Skirt, £24; Dorothy Perkins, White Cotton T-Shirt, £5; Dorothy Perkins, Khaki Heavy Zip Collar Shacket, £38; Dorothy Perkins, Wide Fit Black Storm Mules, £15This outfit made me feel like skipping through a meadow amongst the daffodils and butterflies, while the sandals reminded me I really need to get a pedicure before spring settles in.Dorothy Perkins, Mid Wash Pearl Button Tencel Shirt, £30; Dorothy Perkins, Tan Floral Embossed Belt, £5; Dorothy Perkins, Orange Storm Mules, £15; Dorothy Perkins, Mid Wash Straight Fit Jeans, £26I'm still very much stanning for double denim and believe strongly that Spring is the optimum time for it. This is because A) if you wear it during winter no-one will notice because your outfit will be buried under a pile of coats and B) summer's just too fucking hot.Dorothy Perkins, Blue Basic Hoody, £18; Dorothy Perkins, Petite Grey And Pink Rose Print Blouse, £26; Dorothy Perkins, Mid Wash Denim Mini Skirt, £25; Dorothy Perkins, Black Storm Mules, £15I don't think I've ever gone the whole of winter without wearing black on my top or bottom half (preferably both), so this outfit was a breath of fresh air. The hoody was super comfy, and, like outfit one, my legs can roam free without my whole body dying of cold. The high neck of the top also jazzed up the fairly basic hoody, which was a bonus. Dorothy Perkins, Blossom Black Spot Ponte Shift Dress, £30; Dorothy Perkins, Wide Fit Black Storm Mules, £15When I first saw this dress I was getting real '80s secretary vibes, but having tried it on I've warmed to it. It's not often you'll find me in anything resembling a frilly dress, but if you can't wear one in Spring, when can you? Plus, this one's black. Which helps the transition.Dorothy Perkins, Khaki zip collar shacket, £38; Dorothy Perkins, Tan Floral Embossed Belt, £5; Dorothy Perkins, Mid Wash Straight Fit Jeans, £26; Dorothy Perkins, Orange Storm Mules, £15Scampering about in floral skirts, bare legs and flimsy tops is all very well, but Spring in this country is, as mentioned above, chilly. This outfit's got me excited for packing away my puffer coat and embracing t-shirt and jacket season. I like how the belt gives a bit of shape to an otherwise fairly plain outfit. I'm also very obsessed with the sandals (although I still need that pedicure).This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...On the 17th February - right in the middle of LGBT History Month - Christopher Bailey is planning to use his last show as president and chief creative officer of Burberry to celebrate LGBTQ+ people.‘My final collection here at Burberry is dedicated to - and in support of - some of the best and brightest organisations supporting LGBTQ+ youth around the world,’ says Bailey. ‘There has never been a more important time to say that in our diversity lies our strength, and our creativity.’Grazia Burberry Iconic Looks2of6Teasing the forthcoming London Fashion Week presentation, Burberry made the announcement with a square cutting of a rainbow check. Merging the signature stamp of the British heritage label with the emblem of the community’s struggles and triumph hints at how key this concept is to the collection. In keeping with the label’s see-now-buy-now model, which Bailey instigated in September 2016, this check will be available for purchase straight after the show finishes.It’s not just through clothes that the label plans to champion the community. A combination of initiatives and donations to charities like Albert Kennedy Trust, ILGA and the Trevor Project, aim to raise awareness and support LGBTQ+ people.As Christopher Bailey gees up to officially leave the house after 17-years of service on the 31st of March, questions around his legacy are sure to surface. What stamp did he put on British fashion? What mark has his designs left on the world? At the very least, this final swan-song will become collector's items destined for the storied hallows of fashion institutions like the V&A.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Two words for you: top handle. No revolutions have ever been sparked by the simple curvilinear silhouette of a handbag’s architecture, but many a good outfit has.Mansur Gavriel burst into the fashion arena a mere four years ago with a limited selection of cross-body bucket bags. They became the token grasp of fashion insider, the lady who knew what’s sartorially up. Back then they were a beast to get hold of, you needed to beg, borrow, steal or join a long, long waiting list to get hold of their affordably-priced black sacs with scarlet red lining. It was like Willy Wonka’s golden ticket - if you managed to get one, life was going to be sweet.But, that was four years ago and trends have come and gone since then. While Mansur Gavriel has grown into a ready-to-wear label serving up candy-colored minimalist pieces using a see-now-buy-now approach, their bags are still a tell-tale sign of accessory trends to come.Grown-up sheer layers, like tunics and duster coats, came in vanilla and cotton candy, knitwear and tailored trousers were chocolate and coffee coloured. Lemon sherbet cropped up as kick-flares and 70s-style blouses. But, in reality, it’s the bags, not the fashion, the New York label is known for.For spring summer 2018, these trusty add-ons came in adorable micro sizes and much more practical, laptop-friendly guises, but all without fail swung from grasped hands. Read this as the end of the humble shoulder bag once and for all. While tartan popped up as an unexpected patterning, the majority of styles returned to the label’s treasured sleek minimalism.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Clearly, when you say the ‘F-word’ people’s minds calculate an obscene acronym. But, there’s nothing remotely untoward about Fendi’s latest move. It turns out, 'F is For…’ the Italian house’s latest millennial outreach program. No, it’s not a list of where to find the best avo on toast in Milan! Spearheaded by the label’s worldwide communication director of 12 years Cristiana Monfardini, it’s a digital platform that celebrates the generation’s zest for creativity and discovery. In keeping with the current conversation on gender, the brand is celebrating the launch of this new engaged chapter with an inaugural unisex t-shirt. They’ve also handed over their Rome HQ’s rooftop to a group of graffiti and street artists. On top of this, they’ve planned a packed calendar of events and performances globally. On the online world this newly inducted space offers visitors five sections: ‘freaks’, where visitors can explore the concept; a travel guide called  ’freedom’, a cultural digest called ‘fearless, ‘fulgore’, which is filled with fashion editorials, and ‘faces’, which introduces the brand’s latest crew of ambassadors.The result? A multi-dimensional vision of what Fendi can mean to a generation that’s grown-up online.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s that time of year again: the bi-annual, four-week affair fondly referred to as Fashion Month has kicked off in earnest for autumn/winter 2018, beginning with seven days of shows – and, of course, street style opportunities – in New York before the industry moves on to London, Milan and finally Paris.As anyone who’s ever visited Manhattan in the winter (or, you know, caught one of the seasonal episodes of Friends) will attest, temperatures in New York in February can prove anything but hospitable. Throw in a high chance of snow and you have a sartorial conundrum: how can you dress for seriously cold weather without resorting to wearing everything you own (or, more likely, everything that’ll fit into an airline-friendly suitcase) at once? For lessons in how to stay stylish in low, low temperatures, we’ve looked to New York’s street style set, who’ve fine-tuned the art of turning your outerwear into a fashion statement, whether that’s through statement coats in deceptively cosy fabrics, unexpected layering or clever accessorising. For lessons in how to stay stylish in low, low temperatures, we’ve looked to New York’s street style set, who’ve fine-tuned the art of turning your outerwear into a fashion statement, whether that’s through statement coats in deceptively cosy fabrics, unexpected layering or clever accessorising. And with the cold weather settling in on this side of the Atlantic, what better time to learn from our stateside cousins?Credit: ShutterstockWe can only imagine that wearing this mustard faux fur number would be like getting a hug from a Monster Munch creature...NYFW coats - Grazia2of13We can only imagine that wearing this mustard faux fur number would be like getting a hug from a Monster Munch creature...A textbook example of how to update a fashion perennial (the camel boat) with of-the-moment details (the circular bag, rust-coloured cords and metallic boots).Will we ever not want a cosy blanket coat in baby pink? Discuss.The vinyl trench isn't going anywhere, if this season's street style is anything to go by. A maxi length puffa coat and a flash of cobalt blue = the perfect companion for a New York winter.Two different coats, two different checks: a masterclass in winter dressing (and print-clashing) courtesy of Instagram's Eva Chen.Caroline Issa adds an injection of colour to a grey New York February in this classic long-line style in bold scarlet.White dresses aren't just for summer, it seems: with a bit of clever layering, yours can see you through the cold weather too.This cosy shearling-style jacket in an attention-grabbing hue elevates a simple outfit to something that'll easily garner a street style snapper's attention.A cropped puffa coat in a bold colour keeps athleisure cosy for winter (because that's a priority, right?)Don't shy away from a bold print and / or bright colours: just dress tonally to tie the look together...Shoulder-robing looks just as effortlessly cool as it did a few seasons ago, particularly when the coat (and suit) in question  is as sharp as this.The secret to a photo-friendly street style moment? Recruiting a friend and dressing in complementary ice-cream hues, apparently.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A decade ago Victoria Beckham launched her fashion label to an audience expecting to see the glitzy garb of a pop star formally known as Posh Spice. Eschewing the obvious, she showed elegant body-con - ultra fitted monotoned dresses that stretched from shoulder to knee with specially designed flat seams and waist-cinching ribbons worn with spindly black stilettos. With ten years of experimentation behind her, Beckham hung up the heels for autumn winter 2018 and presented a collection that was a far cry from her early days of designing.In fact, it couldn’t be further away from her early work. For starters, the fit leaned towards oversized, the shoes were flat as a pancake, there were wild streaks of leopard print and tailoring was championed. But, most unexpected of all was what lay beneath the lean leg of a trouser or under the tapered hem of a skirt: leggings. So functional, so un-fashion.Grazia New York Fashion Week Victoria Beckham AW18 Show2of26The model’s calves came swaddled in the cold-repellent leggings in black, green and honey brown. They peaked out from beneath the cuff of a suit’s leg or the flare of a mid-length coat. But they weren’t the only hint that VB is designing for real women. She swapped heels for buckled flats and traded in top-handle handbags for capacious mum-bags. Like an upgraded Ikea sack, these vast shoppers were ready for a mum-on-the-go. Albeit, a very stylish one.‘I think there’s never been a better time to be a female designer. I’ve said it for the past 10 years. It started out with girl power and it’s empowering women now through fashion and beauty as opposed to music’ Beckham told Grazia’s Laura Antonio Jordan backstage at the show. ‘I’m looking forward to lots of different things throughout the year to celebrate the 10 years. It’s a great time, I feel very, very blessed to have a job that I love and have the team that I have and the opportunity that I have as well. I’m looking forward to having a fun year!'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Denim is never not having a moment. And that's obviously great and all, but once you surpass the comfort of wearing that pair of old trusty, faithful jeans that seem to go with just about anything, to quite literally every occasion, things can get a bit boring rather quickly.Lucky for us, though, Topshop's new season denim drop is a good place to start if you're in the market for a wardrobe mix up. We picked out some of our favourite items and dressed them up (and down) IRL so you don't have to. See here some unconventional jean scenarios for every occasion. Because it's still really bloody cold outside and we're only getting our legs out if we really, really have to.Cropped Utility Jacket, £45; Spot Camouflage Shacket, £40; Moto Split Hem Awk Cropped Jeans, £46; Hibiscus Ankle Boots, £85 It may not feel like it but we are (slowly) approaching Spring. So if you're feeling a bit spritely you might also be brave enough to bare calve and try these off-white denim culottes with slits. I'm a big fan of this double-denim upgrade with a cream, also cropped jacket. Also, spot the camouflage. Cropped Borg Coat, £69; Hibiscus Ankle Boots, £85 No, I never thought I'd find myself in fire engine red trousers either. And if I had, I probably would have made the mistake of trying to tone down the leg drama with a boring white or black top. But that is not the game we're playing, you guys. In 2018 we're extra. And we pair bright red bottoms with the pink furry jacket of dreams. Colourblock Western Shirt, £36; Moto Indigo Wide Leg Jeans, £46There's only one thing for a high-waisted, wide-leg, game-changing pair of rich blue jeans. And that's a cowboy collar wielding pink shirt, obvs. You know those Instagram girls who look low-key while also looking impeccably well put together? I think I'm onto their secret - hints of contrast, interesting shapes and clean, ironed items of clothing... Boucle Coat, £85; Blouson Cropped Cable Jumper, £25; Queenie Quilted Velvet Bumbag, £22; Moto Rich Blue Jamie Jeans, £40;  Giddy Up Western Mules, £56Remember what we said about embracing being extra? That's still possible to do with a standard pair of skinnies. Pair with a bright, 'I mean business because I'm a grown up' longline coat and whack a trendy bumbag on. Instant attention grab. Petite Striped Zip Funnel Neck Top, £22; Moto Side Striped Flared Jean, £46; Mojito striped Sock Boots, £39Stripe on stripe on stripe. Admittedly, I wasn't convinced that this would work as a thing until I put it on. I reckon the secret is resisting the temptation to wear the same stripe head to toe. Mix up the width, frequency and colour order a tad so that you're less of an assault on the eyes. Ruched Floral Print Skater Dress, £59; Moto Mid Blue New Boyfriend, £42; Mojito Sock Boots, £39Chances are your mum tried to put a very similar outfit on you at some point in your 90s childhood. If you were into it, here's how to do the dress over trousers thing in a grown up way. If you weren't, here's your chance at redemption. Follow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you’re single or long-term cuffed, Valentine’s day is crap. It’s the machinations of late capitalism gone wild, peak commercialised BS with a side of expensive chocolates and the uncomfortable guilt of over-priced skimpy lingerie. However, it’s fast approaching and in this day an age it’s worth leaving your inner cynic at the door and making the most of a day designed around love and appreciation for others. If you have an S.O. to raise a glass with or Galentine to engulf a pint of Ben & Jerry’s alongside, why not bring the day to a satisfying conclusion with a gift that doesn’t break the bank? Give the spark some fire with these tokens of your affection that are just as special as your relationship….This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No matter how convincing Black Mirror is, it goes without saying that it’s impossible to predict what the future will look like. One thing we can say for certain is that the worlds of art, music and fashion have the power to shift culture and bring about meaningful change, which is something Mercedes-Benz is championing with its new project.The latest instalment in the #mbfashion collective story, #WeWonder is a manifesto that brings together some of the most dynamic talents from across the world. The collective includes Kenzo & Opening Ceremony designers Carol Lim and Humberto Leon, the Serpentine Galleries’ artistic director Hans Ulrich Obrist, Hypebeast founder Kevin Ma, writer, The Met Museum’s resident social media expert, curator and social activist Kimberly Drew, model Slick Woods and needs-no-introduction Solange Knowles. Together they gathered for a round-table discussion to create a manifesto of what the future could look like (think of it less as an instruction manual and more as an inspirational gathering of ideas).‘The power of conversation is invaluable, and I’m extremely excited to explore the future of technology alongside a partner who has so consistently invested in the arts in such an innovative way. I believe in this group of people, and their contributions to shifting the culture of art, fashion and expression,’ says Solange.The visionary’s individual themes and content will be released throughout 2018 through a series of global events, appearances and digital activity with Kimberly Drew the first to unveil her theme and the accompanying content at SXSW in March. Watch this space.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Alexander Wang is poised to turn his back on the traditional fashion week model and show off-schedule. But, just before he does he took one last lap around New York Fashion Week to prove who is the CEO here.In an abandoned office block Wang presented his autumn-winter 2018 show under a sign swinging: ‘AWG: Serving the Industry Since 2004’. During his time disrupting the fashion establishment he’s stayed true to one thing: black tailoring. And, his AW18 collection continued this legacy, but this time with a cult classic twist. Turning to two cinematic moments, The Matrix and Working Girl, for inspiration he managed to make the 9-to-5 wardrobe into a powerhouse of leather tailoring and ‘80s references. At the heart of The Matrix, the blockbuster pits mankind against machines. In the early days of AI and robotic technology this seemed like a distant sci-fi vision, but as we creep nearer to an automated future the battle of flesh-and-blood against algorithms feels less fantasy and more like a possibility. This potent foresight didn’t just stretch to questioning the fundamentals of modern life but also seeded its way into popular culture through fashion. Like Blade Runner, The Matrix is the sartorial ship that’s launched a thousand trends.While it’s been a long 19 years since The Matrix trilogy premiered, its legacy is currently in its heyday. Between the Hadid's and Zayn Malik taking style inspiration from Morpheus and Neo and Alexander Wang’s recent outing at New York Fashion Week, it seems this cult classic is still being championed. Turn from Morpheus in his micro glasses and leather longline trench and Neo in his sharp high-neck tailoring and holsters and look at Alexander Wang’s latest collection and its hard not to see the thread between them. looking fierce suddenly takes on new meaning. Kym Barrett, the costume designer responsible for all three of the Matrix films  wanted Trinity’s wet-look catsuit to look, ‘something like mercury, that you can't catch, it moves so quickly through your fingers.’ In Wang’s hands black leather miniskirts, blazers and a mid-length coat dress have a similarly slippery phantasmic feel.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion week (sorry month) has just kicked off and the first stop is New York. If we’re totally honest, we could give-or-take most of the packed schedule of shows and presentations. Why? Our magpie-eyes can barely be torn away from the bloggers, editors, models and influencers who are treating the streets like their very own catwalks. The calibre this season is seriously raising the bar, and piquing our interest at that. From twists on layering to innovative accessorizing, we've already spotted five majorly inspiring outfits that you need to take notice of. SAKS POTTS VOGUE RUNWAYA post shared by  alisha bansal (@alisha.b1) on Feb 8, 2018 at 7:13pm PSTChannel Frozen and hit the big freeze with an ice blue palette, like Alisha Bansal. From her pointed toes to her Saks Potts coat and on-trend coloured hosiery, this outift is a lesson in making a statement item work. Rather than faffing around with layers and upteen items, she's taken one bright, bold piece and made it the gravitational centre of her sartorial universe. About last night 🖤 #nyfw at @rafsimonsA post shared by  liyakebede (@liyakebede) on Feb 8, 2018 at 7:56am PSTIt's quite daunting to think that the ostentatious fashion of the 1980s is staging a comeback. Yet, when Liya Kebede tries the trend our fear slips away. For she's made a waist cinching belt and a boxy, shoulder-padded blazer look natural and low-key. How? Her boxfresh hoodie is the great palette cleanser the '80s missed out on. It makes these items look contemporary and cool without breaking the bank.Like the lovechild of normcore and athleisure trends, the so-called 'dad' sneaker is recognisable by its natty appearance with thick greying soles and clunky, misshapen features. It's like the Frankenstein of footwear - a jigsaw puzzle of trainer elements sewn in a fascinatingly ugly, and yet mesmerising fashion. Bella Hadid is a BIG fan, and so is Leomie Anderson who packed hers for NYFW. It’s good to be back 🍎A post shared by  Emili Sindlev (@emilisindlev) on Feb 9, 2018 at 4:03am PSTEmili Sindlev's colour palette toes the line between it's so bad, it's good. Peach and turquoise - ew. Peach, turquoise and cream - gross. Or is it? Like a boiled sweet, or the sky and sundown, it's these kind of jarring shades that make an outfit pop. @adidasoriginals @daniellecathari #adidas_ambassadorA post shared by  Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Feb 8, 2018 at 1:41pm PSTIf fashion week is a marathon, Kendall Jenner is already in the lead with her take on adidas' athleisure tracksuit. Though her tracky is seriously appealing we're actually stanning for her footwear situation. A quick finger-pinching zoom reveals she's wearing white mules and low-denier tights. An odd combo on paper, but a winner in reality.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was last November at fashion’s equivalent of the Oscars, the Council of Fashion Designers of America Awards, that the brand Telfar was officiated into New York’s establishment. But, this has never been a natural fit for the design house that’s waggled a finger since 2005 at everything that the elitist fashion week circuit has held dear. And, at the label’s autumn winter 2018 show this morning it continued to break the rules, but this time everyone is listening. Telfar called on the vocal and musical styling of Dev Hynes, Ian Isiah, Selah Marley, Kelela, Kelsey Lu, Angel and the LeFrak Vocal Choir to present and model their AW18 clothes. Inclusive and experimental, it showed how the pieces moved, how they performed, not just how they could walk down a runway.  Consider the smoke and mirrors gone.’We are not alone in questioning the show and season systems -- so we are using fashion week to start to define something that can break free from it and be suited specifically to our vision. For us, this means working collaboratively with musicians and artists -- not in the sense of “endorsement” and celebrity BS, but in a truly creative way to start figuring out a different cultural platform. Suddenly we are establishing what it means for us to be a company -- and I think we are basically trying to be as impious in how we do business as we are in the rest of what we do’, Clemens told i-D about his AW18 showcase. But, what about the clothes? In keeping with the brand’s vision of ‘horizontal, democratic, universal’ design the collection was an expression of the possibilities of unisex design. There were denim and leather chaps, flares that kicked out at the knee, torn scarlet blouses, a-symmetric knee-length knitwear, flares and crop-tops in a star palette of scarlet, black and white. Like the showcase, the clothes were a performance that explored purpose and design as well as gender identity and expression. These are ideas so easily over analysed, but in Clemens hands it looked easy. Telfar Clemens, the Liberian-American creative mind behind the label, has always been ten steps ahead of his peers. He founded the nongendered label in the early Noughties when Ladettes was still an acceptable expression. He introduced the see-now-buy-now model in 2011 with pop-up shows during NYFW where anyone - press, stylists, Joe Bloggs on the street - could buy the collection on there and then. And, in 2015 Telfar shied away from the trad presentation model, esquwing it for a party at White Castle to launch a castle collection of unisex-uniforms for the fast food joint. These were then rolled out to all 10,000 team members before going on sale to the public with all profits donated to the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Liberty and Justice fund to pay bail for minors held on Rikers Island.It may have taken for too long for the industry to take note of Telfar and duly reward it, but they are 100 per cent listening. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here I was thinking coloured tights were like mail-order catalogues and VHS, outmoded and destined for the dust-bin or time. Hah, was I wrong. In just 24-hours three events happened at New York Fashion Week that proved aubergine legs and sky blue pins are staging a comeback, and there’s nothing we can do to stop them.It all started at Tom Ford where anything acceptable in the ‘80s was given the thumbs up. Meaning: metallic lamé leggings, (lots and lots of) leopard print and power suits with shoulders sharp enough to take your eye out. With a little lilac leopard print (of course) babydoll, Ford welcomed back the colour-drenched leg. His florid hosiery came in animal print (obviously).Still scratching our heads about the designer-director’s high-octane collection, we turned to Adam Selman for some sweet relief. But, he hit back with an exuberant exercise in everything 1980s. Do you see a theme here? Alongside puff-sleeved cocktail dresses in zebra print, Rihanna’s favourite designer showed white tights. He also teamed mini-skirts with turquoise legs, slip dresses with pumpkin pins and micro shorts with scarlet tights.While it’s been over 20 years since Jean-Paul Gaultier designed the costumes for camp classic sci-fi flick Fifth Element, Jeremy Scott’s AW18 show proved it’s still inspiring designers today. Case in point: Scott’s ode to the crazed kitschy fearless fashion of this cult film. For the 2018 woman, which in the Moschino designer’s case was Gigi Hadid and Slick Woods, this meant thigh-high moon boots, vivid rave-ready bobs and candy-coloured tights. Harnesses and zip-up dresses were paired with thick hosiery in baby pink or orange, while abbreviated A-line skirts and co-ords were paired with tantalizing stockings in purple or lime.If three time’s a charm then prepare yourself as coloured tights are coming back.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While Adam Selman may not be as familiar as the likes of Marc Jacobs or other New York Fashion Week stalwarts, his designs certainly are. And, this is all to do with his muse: Rihanna. For it was Selman who dressed the singer in 2014 her infamous near-naked Swarovski crystal-encrusted CFDA dress and it was this Texan-born designer’s pink handkerchief-hemmed slip she recently performed in at the Grammys. Since his breakout moment with that hand-embellished gown, it’s been Selman Rihanna needs to make a sartorial statement.Selman’s first look at his autumn/winter 2018 collection featured tight, shiny cornflower blue trousers, white pointed toe boots and a sassy oversized shirt printed with the taut bottom of a Cheyco Leidmann artwork. The model’s hair was slicked back with enough oil to make a monster truck slip over and her lips were painted the same scarlet shade as her sharp blusher strokes. This look set the tone for the camp, kitschy collection. Frothing over with ‘80s references, from Paper Moon Graphics to Debbie Harry via glam-rock and madcap clubwear, it celebrated the wacky and absurd. Yet, it was still super sexy.Bold and a bit dom, PVC mounted an offensive with Selman as it’s mouthpiece. In letterbox red, it came in the form of a skirt suit and a two-piece trouser and jacket set, which was sweetened by the edition of heart belt rings. Zebra print in oranges, cobalt and monochrome also danced with the wild side. The myriad of 80s allusions worked because of the continuity of the styling of coloured tights and pointy boots, greased hair and diamante tassels at the collar, thick waist bells and spotted tulle headbands.Will we be seeing Rihanna in these pieces soon? Undoubtedly.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...'I remember my first season, I was really horrified by the business. I was working with a celebrity client and an infamously difficult casting director when this model came in who was tiny. She had what they called ‘wide’ hips - she wasn't. She was a teeny bit wider than some of the like sixteen-year-olds also modelling because she was older. But she was so, so skinny; she was Chinese, very, very disciplined with her health and diet. When she came in for her go-see the stylist wrote in sharpie on her card 'fat body' and it was just lying on the table for anyone – including her – to see. They booked her nonetheless, but they made me go and get Spanx for her – she was so small I had to get child-sized. I went to this Broadway theatre shop to get special-made support pants, which were super expensive. I remember I kept saying to the woman in the shop, ‘do you have any smaller?’ and she was like, ‘what is this for?’ and I said, 'it's fashion week' and she simply said ‘that's sick’. And, it was.It’s easy to look at fashion and think it’s awful and that models are mistreated, but it’s just because these brands are so particular and obsessive about the clothes. The first time I worked at a show, I left thinking it was all a complete joke. It’s not because the brand is filled with vile people, it's because they are all so focused on the clothes that the other standards slip. But actually, the designer’s pursuit of perfection in terms of the clothes, which it's ultimately what it is all about, is amazing and impressive. It makes me really rate them, to be honest.New York is the most important fashion week for a model because it’s where a lot of casting agents are based. If they can see literally everyone on the planet in New York, that means that at London, Milan and Paris fashion week they’ve essentially built up a Rolodex of models that guide them through the other territories.Ahead of the show itself, I'll usually have a consultation with the client where they say what models they like and we get a gauge on what they're about. Some clients will turn up with no clue what they want, and others, like the Paris houses for example, will give you a research document with pages and pages of ideas and inspiration. We do lots of research to see who the client used in previous seasons, who the stylist has worked with previously, look at the different agencies ‘new faces’ boards and reach out all over the world to find weird people signed to agencies in like Budapest and Denmark. Then you to go to what they call ‘go-sees’, so you start to actually see the girls and how they look in real life. For this, all they do is come in, take a photo and do a quick walk. I've never experienced any measuring I don't think. I've experienced some horrible things being said to the girls and about them, but this was a few years ago when it wasn't as sensitive an issue.When LVMH [the conglomerate that owns Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, Dior, Givenchy and more] introduced its charter it meant better conditions for models. It means that if a model is under 18 they can’t go to a casting or fitting later than 10 pm, there has to be food and drinks provided at all times, a psychologist on call if they need support, there has to be a bed for them to lay down on and a fitting can't take any more than two hours unless they get paid. And, if they're cancelled within 24-hours they get the full show fee. Things are now in place to make the experience better for the girls, and it is working. It's not just at LVMH companies others have their own charters too so it is changing, and that's wonderful. But not to place the focus on me, but for a lot of us who work behind the scenes, the conditions are horrendous. People tell stories of the models and how they have to wait for hours and hours. But, what about us? We don't sleep for days and days on end - and I did that when I was an intern, I wasn't getting paid anything, people get screamed at and treated horribly. There are those catty Instagram accounts drawing attention to it, but we need to talk about how the assistants and interns get treated for once! It's not as exciting as talking about models, so it doesn't get mentioned.After figuring out who we want in the show, we put all the models we like on ‘option’, which means you get in touch with their agents and say, 'we want this list of girls, for the show'. Ideally, they will say 'yes, you can have the first option', which means they're on hold for you, or they say, 'no you can have the second option', in which case you have to get a back-up. This is a constant battle because you don't want to wake up on the day of the show with the stylist be like 'why is XXX not here?' It’s always a battle to get the first option because you’re up against other shows. Then you go through the models and select who you like and edit it down, before eventually proposing them to the client's stylist. They will go through tell you who they like, who you don't like. This can be brutal, but it’s just a whittling down process. While you do this you have to consider, if the model is on hold for anything else, if we can have the first option, if she’s in shape, if she looks dreadful right now, or she's got an acne breakout.It’s a lie that casting agent’s don’t care, really they have very close relationships with the girls and their parents. At the beginning of the season when it's chilled, it’s easier to see when things aren’t right, if a model doesn’t look happy we would always find out if she is Ok. Sometimes models do break down in tears, and it's because they've broken up with their boyfriend, or they miss home, or they're confused, or they're stressed, which that happens a lot, and you know I've actually been really impressed by the way that that's been handled. I feel quite paternal to these girls.Once for a client I was told, ‘these are my top five models and I must have them all at the show’. I broke my back to get them all to Paris in time and then the client said, ‘Oh no we don't want any of them, they look terrible’. All the while I was thinking, ‘Oh good, we just flew her in from San Francisco for you to just take one look and say “no”. Some brands just have huge budgets reserved for girls who they don't ever, I’m talking tens of thousands of euros.’ But it’s not uncommon, a very famous creative director would regularly say she’d like to see some random model who’s 32 and living in like Stockholm, so you' just have to say 'ok cool' and even when you’re thinking 'are you joking?'. Then when the girl gets there the designer would take one look and be like 'who's that?' I’d say, 'that's the girl you've been asking me to bring in for three days'. And the designer would just say ‘No no no, I don't want to see her’ so you just have to put her back on a plane and say ‘bye’. Sometimes it can be really harsh.The most hellish part for me is the fittings, which happen in the 48-to-24-hours before the show. We have to schedule the girls, pray that the client stays on schedule, pray that they don't start fucking up with the line-up and say something like, 'oh no, she doesn't work I want her to wear look 24, but who's going to look 24 then?’ At this point they scramble the order the models walk out and then we have to figure out if they have enough time to change between their looks. It is a real jigsaw, there’s usually a lot juggling while the fittings go on throughout the night.There's such an emphasis in this business being placed on your being fierce and being flawless. And it's brutal. The crazy thing is that everyone in this business has been at the bottom and they see it as a badge of honour, like you have to do your time crawling around on the floor for ten years to get to be CEO. It's ridiculous, no one needs to be treated like that. Some people cannot work like that, these are exceptional conditions to put a person under and that makes sense if they are a surgeon or if they're a doctor in ER saving lives, but that is not what this is. There'll be people who are amazingly talented but who cannot work like this.The best part is obviously the show itself. For the models, they are eighteen, in a mind-blowing venue, wearing an unbelievable gown that's been made just for them, which has got to be a fucking amazing feeling. I come from a theatre background where everything's smoke and mirrors, and the actors do their own makeup and it's all very budget so to see a show at fashion week that is fueled by an insane amount of money is fascinating. Everything is perfection from the makeup, to the skin, to the nails and the hair, it’s really just incredible theatre. Though it’s such a well-oiled machine, a refined artwork, it’s weird that it all happens in such a condensed period of time. So much money, time, effort invested and then it's done, over, and onto the next one.'As told to and condensed by Lucy Morris.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When I envisaged my plans for Christmas 2016 they involved jet lag, crystal clear waters and a coconut in hand, it most definitely did not include Chemotherapy. But there I was, four days before Santa was due to visit, hooked up to a whole load of Epirubicin Cyclophosphamide (or EC in hospital slang). Balls.In the August of that year, I heard the words that would change my world forever – 'I’m sorry, it’s not good news, it’s breast cancer'. I was 31 with zero family history of this hellish disease. Worst of all, I barely had any tits, to begin with! They aren't even what I would refer to as boobies, they’re more of a nod to a boob, a goodwill gesture.I’m still not convinced this wasn't the universe’s idea of a sick joke. But really there was nothing funny about it. An aggressive 2.8cm ‘Grade 3’ cancerous lump set up residence in my right chesticle, and it was going to take a lot of gnarly narcotics to get rid of it.It all began at the back end of May 2016 when I discovered a sizeable lump in my right boobie. Convinced it was bound to be a cyst I cracked on with summer shenanigans until July rolled around. Bothered that this lump hadn’t done one I took myself to the local walk-in for a feel up – 'You’re young, have no family history, it’s likely to be nothing but you’ll need to get it checked, your GP will refer you'.Satisfied I was in a flap over nowt I headed off on a holiday and planned to register with a new GP on my return (I’d recently moved flats you see). Again I was told not to worry but they’ll book me into the Breast Clinic just in case. Five days later I found myself calmly having an ultrasound when the radiographer called over her consultant who said 'Lauren we want to biopsy this, to be safe'. I was alone, caught completely off-guard and terrified. After a panicked call to my Mum the biopsy went ahead.When the consultant recommended I bring someone with me to fetch my results, I just knew.On hearing the news I went zero-to-Danny-Dyer in a split second. I said fuck a world record amount of times punctuated only by sobs and stunned silence. Strangely my second thought after ‘I don’t want to die’ was the fact that I was yet to find the love of my life and have a family. God knows I never thought I wanted those things until the chance was taken away.That’s the thing with a cancer diagnosis, especially at the ripe old age of 31, you go through life taking it for granted that you’ll get to live a full one. That you’ll grow old. That you have time. I guess this was when my perception started to shift.Before the Big C, I was a girl about town, young, wild and free. I'd mindlessly spent my precious days at parties that I barely remember with people who didn’t matter putting off grand life plans. Now every second becomes a prized possession, a gift. It was this strong 180 spin on my perspective that created an emotional distance between me and my peers, it knocked me for six. My cancer meant they didn’t get ‘it’. Through no fault of their own, or mine, they no longer got me.Not only was I lonely in the cerebral sense I was lonely in the physical too. Before you could flutter a fake-lashed lid I was reduced from being the life and soul to bed-bound and bored. My entire existence collapsed in on itself and although my world may have stopped spinning life went on for everyone else. Whilst I was huddled up in agony with bones that ached from my nose to my toes my pals were out living it up and plastering their bants all over Facebook. I became consumed with a heady cocktail of jealousy, resentment and frustration. Basically, I was a right mardy cow.It was in these early days of my shock diagnosis that I became desperate for some reassurance and carcinoma companionship. There must be like-minded bods out there who have faced the c-bomb, surely? Girls that got ‘it’. And so off I went looking for advice and encouragement but instead found a flood of doomsaying online forums and clinical materials aimed at women in a more advanced life stage. It didn’t speak to me at all.It suddenly dawned on me that at thirty-one the risk of breast cancer, or any cancer to be fair, couldn’t have been further off my radar. Fed up with the idea that cancer is a disease for the over the fifties I decided to share the tales of my cancer treatment on my Instagram under the hashtag #GIRLvsCANCER. I found it relatively easy to empty the contents of my weary mind onto the internet and soon came to comprehend that there was a real need to tackle the cancer taboo and normalise the conversation. It was crucial to create a better understanding of the challenges facing those diagnosed with cancer in their 20’s + 30’s. Because, believe me, a coffee morning or cake sale aren’t going to do the trick.I also hoped to encourage my mates to take responsibility for their bodies. To know them like they know the lyrics to Drake’s Hotline Bling because by being in tune with your bod you’ll know when something is in need of examining. Early detection of any cancer saves lives. Fact.Hell-bent on raising awareness and funds for the charitable organisations who were supporting me during my time of crisis I masterminded the design and distribution of the TIT-TEES. Although there were already a few titty-related t-shirts on the high street none of them were centred around charity or consciousness. In the throes of chemotherapy, discovering my inner #GirlBoss by launching a new business was a way of occupying my mangled mind. It saved me in fact because what began as a purely philanthropic endeavour soon became a lifeline.Chemo completely kiboshes your body not to mention your mind. Everything hurts, tastes funny, feels exhausting and your brain function can best be described as fish food – flaky AF. It goes without saying then, that when it came to cancer treatment and the workplace I wasn’t fit for purpose. But it’s all good though because having put in seventeen years solid graft and handed over a ton of taxes I’ll be economically okay. Right? Wrong.I was paid just eight weeks of eight months of treatment. Yep. Desperate to make ends meet I went to the next port of call in a financial storm - the government. Unfortunately, the overstretched benefits system cannot cater for such a need especially, for those who are technically full-time employed. Even though I wasn’t working. Nightmare.And, so for a while, the TIT-TEES became a means of financial survival, ensuring I could pay rent, retain my East LDN home and, you know, eat. Despite this, I stayed true to my goal and proudly donated 25% of all money raised equally between GIRLvsCANCER’s four partner charities - CoppaFeel!, Trekstock, Future Dreams and Look Good Feel Better - to help to ensure that they are able to continue doing the epic things they already do.I’m now on the cusp on the launch of my third TIT-TEE collection, just in time for Valentines Day. Designed by Dom&Ink the new tees place a heart over either the left, right or both breasts. The intention is that women can wear a tee to represent the breast or breasts that were affected. The campaign shoot features an incredible bunch of fellow breast cancer survivors that I built bonds with during my boobie bother.Twelve months on I’ve been given the ‘all clear’ and GIRLvsCANCER has grown from an emotional outlet to an established community that I’m extremely proud of. Despite how difficult my cancer experience was, it was the making (not the breaking) of me. I may grieve my old life daily and mourn the girl I once was, but I’m content with the woman cancer has made me. And oh-so-ecstatic that GIRLvsCANCER continues to provide support for fierce females affected by the cretin that is cancer, and beyondThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No one encapsulates the vibe of late 90s-00s R&B quite like Destiny's Child. There are very few among us who don't know the words to Say My Name. It's hard not to follow the word 'question' without the subconscious recital of the Independent Women lyrics and I dare you not to shimmy to the intro to Bootylicious.Destiny's Child are an institution, you guys. No ifs, no buts, no comparison. And while early non-musical memories of everyone's favourite girl group are often dominated by that fantastic episode of Cribs and the awkward switching of LeToya and LaTavia for the lovely Michelle, let's not allow their incredible outfits to be left out of their legacy.Often designed by Beyoncé's mum, Tina Knowles, the women of Destiny's Child could be relied up on for a number of things: asymmetric hem lines, determined use of sequin, embellishment or pattern, and the type of elaborate 'matching but not matching' collective ensemble that will (or at least, should) go down in history.February marks 20 years (yep, we're all ancient) since Destiny's Child released their debut self-titled album. In honour of such a pop culturally poignant occasion (don't argue) let's revisit some of their best outfit moments.Because it was compulsory for each band member to wear a little bit of the same material on different areas of their body. See Kelly's cardi and everyone else's harem pants. Throwback to the era of the statement chunky belt. Hold tight Kelly for taking one for the team and donning the statement trousers too. This gem was taken at the CFDA (Council of Fashion Designers of America) Awards back in 2000 and is one of the early examples of Tina Knowles' apparent love of an asymmetric hemline .The VMA's afterparty called for a group ensemble too, you know. Is it a coincidence that The Matrix was released within a year or so of this outfit's creation? I think not. Not quite Zebra print, not quite leopard print but hey, here's some more of that asymmetric hem action we were talking about earlier. For a lesson in how to rock a mid-drift baring cut-out dress, please refer to these impeccably impractical examples. This look was carried right from Michelle's bra down to Beyonce's pointed toes. Dedication, or what?No words. Just tassels and cowboy hats. At the Nickelodeon Kid's Choice awards demonstrating how to encourage more young women to join the Girl Scouts of America. No, those outfits might not be regulation but look how many badges they have!Probably the leas matchy, matchy of the lot but we appreciate the shoe to dress coordination.Golden Greek Goddess vibes with this shiny look. Definite inspiration for the Kira Kira app of today. Because was a dress worthy of a 2001 red carpet if it wasn't a little see through? Once again Kelly's out here taking one for the team and wearing a token bit of jean across her body to continue the elaborate lemon on denim tend. The orange, the blue, the tassles, the kind of leather boots? Name a bigger collaborative sartorial statement. I'll wait. Lets play a game of spot how many patterns and items of embellishment. These girls wear 'extra' so well and we're jealous. Here's where the trio really tried to demonstrate their individual personalities while also pretty much wearing the same thing. Never not here for Kelly's peek-a-boo mid-drift. And again. I know, bit of a shock to the system seeing them looking like they shopped from different racks at the same store. But if you were to lose one of them at a party they'd still be easily identifiable. A little upper body glitter action to connect three actually quite different outfits? We se what you did there guys. This was the school talent show dream. The reality was you all wearing dramatically different spangly tops and dresses as stolen from your mums' wardrobes and getting in trouble for trying. Some JLS-style colour block assignment here, as seen on the Destiny Fulfilled And Lovin' It tour.The Debrief - Destiny's Child Outfits2of21Because it was compulsory for each band member to wear a little bit of the same material on different areas of their body. See Kelly's cardi and everyone else's harem pants. Throwback to the era of the statement chunky belt. Hold tight Kelly for taking one for the team and donning the statement trousers too. This gem was taken at the CFDA (Council of Fashion Designers of America) Awards back in 2000 and is one of the early examples of Tina Knowles' apparent love of an asymmetric hemline .The VMA's afterparty called for a group ensemble too, you know. Is it a coincidence that The Matrix was released within a year or so of this outfit's creation? I think not. Not quite Zebra print, not quite leopard print but hey, here's some more of that asymmetric hem action we were talking about earlier. For a lesson in how to rock a mid-drift baring cut-out dress, please refer to these impeccably impractical examples. This look was carried right from Michelle's bra down to Beyonce's pointed toes. Dedication, or what?No words. Just tassels and cowboy hats. At the Nickelodeon Kid's Choice awards demonstrating how to encourage more young women to join the Girl Scouts of America. No, those outfits might not be regulation but look how many badges they have!Probably the leas matchy, matchy of the lot but we appreciate the shoe to dress coordination.Golden Greek Goddess vibes with this shiny look. Definite inspiration for the Kira Kira app of today. Because was a dress worthy of a 2001 red carpet if it wasn't a little see through? Once again Kelly's out here taking one for the team and wearing a token bit of jean across her body to continue the elaborate lemon on denim tend. The orange, the blue, the tassles, the kind of leather boots? Name a bigger collaborative sartorial statement. I'll wait. Lets play a game of spot how many patterns and items of embellishment. These girls wear 'extra' so well and we're jealous. Here's where the trio really tried to demonstrate their individual personalities while also pretty much wearing the same thing. Never not here for Kelly's peek-a-boo mid-drift. And again. I know, bit of a shock to the system seeing them looking like they shopped from different racks at the same store. But if you were to lose one of them at a party they'd still be easily identifiable. A little upper body glitter action to connect three actually quite different outfits? We se what you did there guys. This was the school talent show dream. The reality was you all wearing dramatically different spangly tops and dresses as stolen from your mums' wardrobes and getting in trouble for trying. Some JLS-style colour block assignment here, as seen on the Destiny Fulfilled And Lovin' It tour.Follow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As it stands, the word ‘Scandi’ means so much more than merely a region of Northern Europe. It’s an aesthetic, a school of interior design, a broad umbrella term that stretches from signifying hygge shearling cushions to a way of living life. It’s also extremely covetable. Place Scandi before ’chic’ and you can sell a thousand minimal dresses and DIY furniture to every spectrum of the population. At the centre of the beating heart of Danish design is a brand pushing the boundaries on what this can mean.Copenhagen-based By Malene Birger was founded in 2003 when the cult of Scandi style was yet to really flex its selling power. Fast-forward 15 years and the label now has 400 stockists and makes a healthy £20 million revenue in half a year; it’s one of the most established labels on the peninsula. And, yet, it recently upped stix and moved its atelier to London. Why? Three words: Mathilde Torp Mader.Before joining By Malene Birger as head of design, Mathilde mastered her craft at Mulberry, Marni, Sonia Rykiel and Vanesa Bruno. Though Danish-born and in concept transit between Copenhagen and London, she decided to make Britain her base, not least because its where she trained (Central Saint Martins) and has set up her life with her other half, a member of the electro band Hot Chip. But, it begs the question: as Ganni, Saks Potts and Arket and Wyred turn Scandinavia into a legitimate fashion capital, how can a brand that kickstarted the Danish fashion movement move away from its roots?Grazia New Malene Birger Lookbook2of27‘Being outside of Scandinavia makes it easier to see what people celebrate about it’, explains Mathilde as we sit in the monolithic By Malene Birger headquarters with the fizz of conversation flowing in from next door’s dining room, where all employees are treated to organic breakfast and lunch daily. ‘People have so many positive connections with ideas of what it's like to be Scandinavian and I think if you're here you forget that it's seen as something special from the outside, whereas I'm constantly reminded.’Her design philosophy is simple but extremely Danish. ‘When you buy something you're letting it into your life. It's another thing to take care of, it's another thing to take to the dry cleaners or wash. Unless I feel like it deserves space in my life, I'm not gonna let it in and I think that's very much how I design.’ Marie Kondo would be proud. ‘I always put women in the front of my mind when I design because it's about women as a collective. There's a lot of pieces that I really believe in and want to wear myself, but there's also a lot of pieces that I've designed with someone else in mind.’ She leans closer and says, ‘the last thing I would ever want to do as a designer is for someone to walk into a shop and to feel like “there's nothing here for me.” That's not what we're about as a brand.’‘Sometimes I wonder when men design for women if they can be inclusive,’ she confides. ‘I certainly have some insanely talented friends who I respect, but I suspect they have a specific woman in mind that, like their sister or their mother who they were really in awe of.’ Tactically Mathilde scratches as the idea that as a female designer she knows how to speak to women, not just a woman.As a label it’s synonymous with Danish design values - quality and functionality working in tandem with decadence and playfulness - autumn/winter 2018 translates into 9-to-9 tailoring, striking geometric knitwear inspired by 1970s skiwear and bold separates in a cross between camouflage and leopard print, which sounds dreadful in theory but is delightful in practice. The monochromatic palette is peppered with lime green, hot pink, tangerine and rose and crafted into fuzzy sweaters and ruched dresses, tapered trousers and blouses, fluffy skirts and patch-work leather. Mathilde has mastered her concept: There’s something for everyone here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In this frigid winter weather, who could blame Victoria Beckham for turning to one of life’s great layering options: the turtleneck. She’s modelled it as a mid-length maroon dress and as an underlayer for boxy shirts. In the space of a few months it's become her style signature.Ever since Kaia Gerber walked Calvin Klein's spring/summer 2018 catwalk wearing a polo under a silken Western shirt and showed clingy can be cool, the humble unisex layer has become an instant way to make lightweight spring items into weather-appropriate. Case in point: the fashion designer touched down at JFK airport recently in a look plucked from her latest S/S18 collection. With a pair of oxblood slouched knee-high boots and a matching patent bag, she wore a below-the-knee skirt and matching blouse in a yellow-tinted micro-check.Playing by the same rulebook, Beckham again turned to her faithful turtleneck when she attended the Louis Vuitton autumn/winter 2018 menswear show alongside her husband, David. With a pair of mustard trousers and a long lean camel coat, she maximized the impact of her open collar burgundy and with pinstripe shirt with the maroon layer.These examples are by no means the only time she's relied on this classic sweater for warmth. On a trip to Paris, Beckham teamed her claret polo-neck with a vivid scarlet skirt and her trusty matching boots.Even though miniskirts and naked-dresses will always have their place, more and more frequently the runways have become a showcase for knee-length and longer dresses, high-necklines and sleeves that fall to the wrist. The work of Emilia Wickstead, Rejina Pyo, Ganni and Phoebe Philo’s Céline crystallised this aesthetic as a legitimate trend. Victoria Beckham's faithful polo-neck proves this modest style is on the rise.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Plastic patches, distressed thong jeans and extreme flares - I think we can all agree last year’s denim trends were extreme. Eccentricity was embraced and boundaries tested. And, yet jeans remained the building block of most women’s wardrobes. Honoring this foundation fabric, H&M has launched a new campaign starring Anaïs Gallagher, which celebrates all things true blue for spring.The press statement explains, ‘[i]t’s about denim for all, with fresh silhouettes, coloured denim and a new passion for double denim looks.’ This is echoed by the Scandinavian label’s Head of Design Pernilla Wohlfahrt, ‘At H&M, we believe denim is for everybody. This spring is all about wearing denim your own way, with fresh cuts and colours for all. And we’re in love with double denim’.Alongside Anaïs, Suki Waterhouse and Adonis Bosso feature in the unisex campaign. The collection consists of denim trussed up in pink and yellow and tailored into jackets and boyfriend jeans, well-loved skirts and patch-worked pieces as well as clean-cut styles that can be dressed up or down.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve often been suspicious that influencers have the power of reading minds, frequently all showing up to the shows in February and September wearing the same trends, brands and hero items. Now, global fashion search platform Lyst has looked into its crystal ball for spring/summer 2018’s front rows and predicted what the world’s most stylish will be wearing. The findings come after Lyst analysed global spikes over the last three months to find out what the most wanted products are at the moment. The seven brands that have become more and more popular in recent months include Alessandra Rich, Racil, Nanushka, Rejina Pyo, Ganni, Gabriela Hearst and Veja, all of which are being championed by some of our favourite street style stars.Sneaker brand Veja saw the most increases in searches, rising by 35 per cent. Lyst found that the V-10 leather trainers were particularly popular in London, thanks to early adopters Lucy Williams and Emma Watson. Meanwhile London Fashion Week wunderkind Rejina Pyo’s brightly-hued trouser suits were up by 12 per cent, and Scandi favourite Ganni continues to reign supreme as the fashion set’s favourite casual dress and knitwear brand. Nanushka was another newly popular brand, up 34 per cent, while those heart earrings that you’ve seen everyone on Instagram have secured Alessandra Rich a spot on the top seven too.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I think we can all agree that Valentine’s Day is a big heap of heartless crap. It’s the capitalist machine in overdrive. But, we’re also in agreement that Beyoncé is God. And, that in the sliding scale of Bey versus V-Day, this Queen Bee wins out. So, when the Beehive got wind of her latest merch drop, let’s just say Twitter went into overdrive.Following on from her holiday-themed collection, Bey has dropped a 14th of February themed capsule collection. It’s not your usual run-of-the-mill love hearts and cupid arrows Valentine’s range, instead it’s a pun-tactic trip through the singer’s back catalogue. T-shirts, sweaters, shorts and iPhone cases are scribed with images of Beyoncé, her lyrics and the phrase ‘Bey Mine’ (which is something you don’t have to ask twice about).Twitter sentiments were resoundingly in favour of Queen Bey's take on the hallmark holiday. One user wrote: 'Beyoncé released a Valentine’s Day collection... and I want it all♥️'. And another, echoed them saying: 'YASSS! This will be the greatest Valentines gift I ever give myself!', while another added, 'I don’t care I am getting the Beyoncé Valentine’s Day merch. My queen has me shook once again'.Usually, I wouldn’t sniff at the idea of candy or jewellery, but now I’ve seen these Bootylicious’ shorts and range of hoodies and tees I’ll feel thoroughly snubbed if someone doesn’t ‘fulfill my fantasies’ with a Beyoncé item this Valentine’s Day.Shop the collection HERE.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bullying has always existed in one nasty, catty form or another, but the easy expenditure of online outrage has proliferated the issue. River Island has stepped up with their new campaign to celebrate their many varied customers and make way for a world without bullies.In conjunction with anti-bullying charity Ditch the Label, River Island is selling t-shirts for £3 that champion their spring/summer message: ‘Labels Are For Clothes’. In conjuncture with this, the high street retailer is propelling the stories of 12 spokespeople into the public eye with images shot by Richard Burbridge and styled by Ondine Azoulay.Londoner Zara Sheriff, 21, is one of them. Her story is sadly too familiar: an educated, smart woman whose heritage has unfairly left her burned by ignorant people. ‘When people speak to me they ask me where are you from and I say I’m British, and they will say no but where are you actually from, and I realise they mean my cultural heritage, and I say I’m Pakistani. My parents are from Pakistan. In the beginning, it was an identity crisis, I didn’t want to be from there. Then it was like, yes this is where I am culturally from, and I love that, but I am British’, she says, ‘I myself am a Pakistani individual – at school, I was called a Paki. And add to that, I’m Muslim, I wear a headscarf, I get called a terrorist. I’ve had people ask me if I’m carrying a bomb. Muslims are all around you, and the simple fact is, if we were all terrorists – you wouldn’t be alive’. Zara’s message is simple: ‘Do Not Stereotype’.Uranian-born, Israeli-raised model Stav Strashko is another new face River Island has called on. ‘I identify as a female, I would rather live with no labels – but you know we live in a society where people just want you to label yourself. I do identify more as a girl than a guy definitely, but haven’t had any surgeries done. I don’t want them and I don’t feel this is what’s going to make me a woman.’ Strashko explains, ‘I’m not powerful enough yet, but I promise I will be. I want to use the platform I have to help other kids feel good about themselves. Not necessarily just trans or queer kids, but everyone – it’s just about being who you are and loving yourself and not being scared of judgement. As long as you aren’t hurting anyone, why shouldn’t you be who and what you want to be?’ For this series, she promotes the message ‘100% Woman’.At 29-years-old Model and ice-cream entrepreneur Sabina Karlsson is a body-positivity campaigner promoting the concept: ‘Do Not Shrink’. With fiery red hair and freckles she says, ‘[i]n the beginning I thought, the skinnier I get, the more comfortable I’m going to be. The more successful I’m gonna be, the more beautiful – but that was not the fact. It was the opposite. When I was really skinny, I didn’t feel it, it’s only looking back at the pictures that I can see it. Accepting that I couldn’t maintain that weight and those measurements were tough for me…I was introduced to the plus size division at Ford, which was the first time someone ever told me that my measurements were perfect. It was such a relief to feel like I was at home and to be accepted, but even though they accepted me, I still had a long way to go.’‘I’m proud to be part of our most exciting ad campaign to date. In recent years we have witnessed a shift in the market and the attitudes of our consumers – they want to express themselves and not be defined by convention. The Labels Are For Clothes campaign is our recognition of this welcome movement’, explains Josie Cartridge, River Island’s Customer Director.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a fashion editor, it is my job to look and think about clothes. In the last few months it has come to my attention that there is one under-the-radar brand that keeps popping up. It’s called Nanushka and although it was founded in 2005 it’s successfully moved stealthily. Until now. The London College of Fashion graduate behind the label creates minimalist pieces that are easy to get obsessed with. While it’s arguably a touch less affordable than we’d like, each item is lovingly made and beautifully finished. These are pieces worth saving up for!This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Duchess of Cambridge is lending her seal of approval to a new sustainable fashion project, set to launch during London Fashion Week. The Commonwealth Fashion Initiative will see all 52 countries come together to encourage new partnerships and sustainable practices in the fashion industry. Designers such as Stella McCartney, Burberry and New Zealand’s Karen Walker will team up with artisan producers in developing countries to create a one of a kind eco-friendly outfit, which will go on display at a reception held at Buckingham Palace on February 19th. The event, which is managed by Eco-Age and has the support of the Commonwealth Fashion Council and the British Fashion Council, will be hosted by the Duchess of Cambridge and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, who is the patron of the London College of Fashion.Kate Middleton Style - Best Dresses & Outfits2of64Kate Middleton at the mens singles final of the Wimbledon Championships - July 6, 2014Kate Middleton visits an M-PACT Plus Counselling programme - July 1, 2014Kate Middleton at the ANZAC Day commemorative service - April 25, 2014Kate Middleton at a service during the D-Day 70 Commemorations - June 6, 2014Kate Middleton during an official visit to Bletchley Park - June 18, 2014Kate Middleton and Prince George of Cambridge at the Royal Charity Polo - June 15, 2014Kate Middleton at the Ben Ainslie Racing America's Cup Launch Event - June 10, 2014The Duchess of Cambridge wearing Jonathan Saunders in Scotland - 29th May 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Hobbs at Ayers Rock - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Lela Rose in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Adelaide - 23 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Catherine Walker in Canberra - 24 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge at Taronga Zoo in Sydney - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic in Uluru - 22 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zimmerman at Manley Beach - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Alexander McQueen at Easter service, Ausralia - 20 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in L.K. Bennett at Amberley Air Base - 19 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Christchurch, New Zealand - 14 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Roksanda Ilincic arriving in Sydney, Australia - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Rebecca Taylor leaving New Zealand - 16 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Diane Von Furstenberg in Blue Mountains, Australia - 17 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara wine tasting in New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jonathan Saunders at rugby in Dunedin, New Zealand - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Erdem at Avanti Drome in Hamilton, New Zealand - 12 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Emilia Wickstead at Dunedin - 13 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Zara and J Brand at Auckland harbour, New Zealand - 11 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Jenny Packham at State Dinner, New Zealand - 10 April 2014The Duchess of Cambridge in Tory Burch in Wellington, New Zealand - 9 April 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit the Valero Pembroke Refinery, Pembrokeshire, Wales, Britain - 08 Nov 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visits SportsAid event, London, Britain - 12 Nov 2014Royal Variety Performance, London Palladium, Britain - 13 Nov 2014Place2Be Wellbeing in Schools Award, Kensington Palace, London, Britain - 19 Nov 2014EACH Hospices Appeal Launch at The Norwich Showground, Norfolk, Britain - 25 Nov 2014Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William visit to New York, America - 07 Dec 2014New York, America - 08 Dec 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge at the Brooklyn Nets v Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA Basketball match - 08 Dec 2014Prince William and Catherine Duchess of Cambridge visit to New York, America - 09 Dec 2014St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art- 09 Dec 2014Christmas Day Service - 25 Dec 2014Catherine Duchess of Cambridge officially names The Clore Art Room at Barlby Primary School, London, Britain - 15 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge visits The Fostering Network, Highbury, London, Britain - 16 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge formally opens Kensington Aldridge Academy, London, Britain - 19 Jan 2015Duchess of Cambridge visits the home of Ben Ainslie Racing and the 1851 Trust, Portsmouth, Britain - 12 Feb 2015Duchess of Cambridge visit to Staffordshire, Britain - 18 Feb 2015Commonwealth Day Observance, Westminster Abbey, London, Britain - 09 Mar 2015Duchess of Cambridge Margate 11 Mar 2015Service of Commemoration to Mark the End of Combat Operations in Afghanistan, St Paul's Cathedral, London, Britain - 13 Mar 2015St Patrick's Day Parade, Aldershot Barracks, Hampshire, Britain - 17 Mar 2015Brookhill Children's Centre 18 Mar 2015Royal baby girl born at the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital, London, Britain - 02 May 2015Anna Freud Centre, London, Britain - 17 Sep 2015HMP Send, Woking, Surrey, Britain - 25 Sep 2015Harrow College, London, Britain - 10 Oct 2015Chinese President Xi Jinping State Visit to London, Britain - 21 Oct 2015Dundee, Scotland, Britain - 23 Oct 2015James Bond 'Spectre' CTBF film premiere, Royal Albert Hall, London, Britain - 26 Oct 2015Islington Town Hall, London, Britain - 27 Oct 2015.100 Women in Hedge Funds gala dinner, London, Britain - 27 Oct 2015Fostering Network Awards, BMA House, London, Britain - 17 Nov 2015Wales, Britain - 20 Nov 2015Action on Addiction,Warminster, Wiltshire - 10 Dec 2015The Anna Freud Centre, London, Britain - 15 Dec 2015Sandringham Christmas Service - 25 Dec 2015‘The initiative uses fashion as a common language and platform to help people understand the modern Commonwealth in a different way,’ Buckingham Palace revealed in a statement. ‘The reception at Buckingham Palace will showcase the best of Commonwealth contemporary fashion and creativity with an exhibition of some of the bespoke fashion ‘looks’ which are the result of these exchanges.’For those of us who don’t snag an invite to what will doubtless prove one of the most popular events of London Fashion Week, the collection will be open to the public at Australia House on 21st February. ‘In an industry estimated to be worth more than £120 billion, sustainability is a major concern,’ said the Right Honourable Patricia Scotland QC, the Commonwealth’s secretary-general, speaking to Vogue. ‘It’s a challenge and an opportunity for all involved in the fashion sector, and the focus of this project is on supporting sustainable designers and artisans, and on our Commonwealth priorities of gender equality, ethical production and supply chains, innovation, economic growth and poverty reduction.’ © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As I mentioned in my last piece, I’m starting a new job this year and collating a whole new ‘adult woman’ look to coincide with my new adulting role. This is a first for me - in the same way my summer wardrobe is essentially indistinguishable from my winter one (I just wear what I wore July but with tights when it hits November), my ‘workwear’ is usually just normal clothes with a blazer on top. But that ends here - I’m ready to make the transition into A Serious Person™ and do it in some seriously cool clothing.So, what to wear? Having heard workwear specialists Finery deliver the goods, I was keen to see if this is trueFinery, Miles Ivory Ripple Stitch Knit, £69; Finery, Baltic Double Layered Pleated Skirt, £89This skirt was really nice - even nicer when the elusive pleat pattern stopped confusing me and I realised I had it on back to front. Once fixed, I was sold (and so was the skirt - I literally went onto the site and added it to my bag immediately). Love the skirt's shade, especially matched with these boots which bring a bit of autumnal colour to a bleak January. Finery, Bracy Curve And Twirl Drop Earrings, £39; Finery, Eastbrook Ivory Ruch Detail Polo Neck Knit, £69; Finery, Ackland Black Skinny Trousers, £79; Finery, Cudworth Black Patent Leather Mule, £99I adored this polo (as you can tell, as I wheel it out a couple more times during this piece) - nicely fitted with a cute adornment on the side making it a little bit more fancy. The trousers were smart but also without being too formal. The shoes however were definitely a bit more style over substance - not ideal for running after trains in! Finery, Fairbridge Monochrome Breton Stripe Knit, £69; Finery, Nedora Navy Cropped Leather Trousers, £349A comfy polo and chunky ankle boots combo - couldn't be more up my street. But don't let my wide smile fool you - my thighs were chafing so much in those spray on trousers that I'm surprised they didn't catch fire. If you have thighs and don't like sounding as though you're squeezing several tiny whoopie cushions between them as you walk, then I'd suggest sizing up substantially. Finery, Eastbrook Ivory Ruch Detail Polo Neck Knit , £69; Finery, Kinross Midnight Blue Wide Leg Culottes, £79Brought out the ol' trusty white polo and paired with a cute pair of culottes that kind of look like a skirt. Love the navy-on-navy with these boots that are simultaneously pretty and comfortable!Finery, Eastbrook Ivory Ruch Detail Polo Neck Knit, £69; Finery, Hobman Multicolour Charcoal Flora Print Skirt, £89Why fix something that isn't broke? Since the last outfit was a success, this is a more playful take on the last ensemble - the same thing but with an actual navy skirt this time, with my favourite white jumper. As you can see, I was very happy - they're not called 'Finery' for nothing!Finery, Marble Blue And White Striped Mohair Jumper, £99; Finery, Oliver Black Peg Trousers, £89Call me fickle, but I've found the jumper of my dreams - cosy without being frumpy and oversized without drowning me out. Matched with my beloved trousers from earlier, this is smart without being too straight-laced, thanks to stripes and a pop of pink from the shoes. This is the smile of someone who has found a brand new brand to throw their coins at. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you work 9-to-5 (or let’s be honest 9-until-maybe-7pm-or-later) it’s far too easy to fall into a boring workwear routine. We all have our go-to sweaters and skirts, but breaking the habit before you get repetitive outfit strain could be the quickest way of reinvigorating your Monday mornings. Give that tired top a rest and meet these 13 shirts and blouses that will act like caffeine for your wardrobe and energizing even the most overworked of trousers.Whether you have a traditional desk-bound job or are freewheeling in a creative field, it’s worth remembering that a chic statement item is the quickest way to signal to your boss that you’re here, you’re focused and your efforts shouldn’t be overlooked. Get shopping…This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...So the story goes that Kanye West sent his wife Kim an email saying; 'You cannot wear big glasses anymore', as well as ‘millions of nineties photos with tiny little glasses’. Now if the Wests plus a cabal of the most stylish women on the planet, including both Hadid’s Adwoa Aboah and Leandra Medine, all agree with a big sunnies are out this season it’s worth taking note. But, in lieu of our old faithful oversized shades, what should we be wearing? To give you a steer of what shades to look for, here are where all the influencers are getting their specs: @gigihadid wearing our sunglasses💛 Style: @mimicuttrell 🙏💛A post shared by  ᴳᴱᴼᴿᴳᴱ ᴷᴱᴮᵁᴿᴵᴬ (@georgekeburia) on Jan 14, 2018 at 5:13am PSTStare down the Matrix comments with George Keburia glasses, like Gigi Hadid’s. #DiorForYouthA post shared by  Fanny Bourdette-Donon (@fannybourdettedonon) on Jan 15, 2018 at 10:37am PSTBella Hadid’s BFF Fanny Bourdette-Donon her teeny tiny Dior optics may be diminutive in size, but not in appeal. 💐🥀🌹 You are my favorite @adamselman 🌹🥀💐 @voguemagazine #cfdavoguefashionfundA post shared by  Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor (@atlantabean) on Oct 25, 2017 at 5:25pm PDTRihanna’s go-to designer Adam Selman hit influencer gold when he designed in collaboration with Le Specs these sunnies Atlanta de Candenet taylor is wearing. Love this glam of @leandramcohen @manrepeller for @voguespain 💙💙💙💙A post shared by  TAKESH (@takesh.eyewear) on Oct 24, 2017 at 7:50am PDTTakesh Eyewear’s twist on the cat-eye sunglasses is giving us (and Leandra Medine, evidently) heart eyes. @adwoaaboah wearing her red Le Skinny sunglasses over New Year 🎇 via poppylissiman.com #poppylissiman #leskinnyA post shared by  POPPY LISSIMAN (@poppylissiman) on Jan 1, 2018 at 1:13pm PSTMeditating on architectural lines lends itself to Poppy Lissiman’s cult Le Skinny shades, which are a hit with Adwoa Aboah as well as the Hadid’s and Justine SkyeThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here’s yet more proof of Meghan Markle’s sartorial pushing power. Sentaler, the future royal’s favourite outwear brand, is set to make its London Fashion Week debut this season.The Canadian brand, which was founded by designer Bojana Sentaler in 2009 and specialises in luxurious, classic coat designs, will come to the UK in February to coincide with the biannual fashion event, allowing British fans to preview the Autumn 2018 collection (and get a sneak preview of the Duchess-to-be’s winter wardrobe in the process…)Sentaler branched out into the US market last year, launching in department stores like Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus, but is as yet unavailable in the UK.‘We have been seeing an increased demand for Sentaler in the UK and look forward to previewing the collection in London this season,’ the brand told Womenswear Daily.Meghan sported the brand’s long wrap coat in light camel for Christmas with the royals at Sandringham, pairing the classic style with a Club Monaco wrap dress in brown velvet and a distinctive hat in a matching shade, the handiwork of A-list milliner Philip Treacy. She was also spotted wearing Sentaler’s alpaca outerwear on the Toronto set of Suits last year.Sentaler doesn’t just come with the Meghan Markle seal of approval: her future sister-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, has also previously worn the brand in a simple but effective display of diplomatic dressing. For the royal tour of Canada back in 2016, Kate chose to wear a shorter version of Sentaler’s trademark wrap coat in light grey, perhaps nodding to Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau’s signature style (the Canadian First Lady wore the same style in white for her husband Justin’s inauguration ceremony).So when did the future Duke and Duchess of Sussex meet? Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were introduced by a mutual friend in July 2016, originally thought to be Markus Anderson (also the director of Soho house) but who was later confirmed to be Violet von Westenholz. Meghan said in an interview that before she met the Harry she didn't know much about him 'the only thing that I had asked [our mutual friend] was, 'Well is he nice?'. According to Harry he knew Meghan was The One from 'the very first time we met.' after only two dates Harry asked Meghan to accompany him on a trip to Botswana.In October 2016 that the Express became the first newspaper to publish news that Prince Harry had a new girlfriend. However just a month later, Kensington Palace released a statement condemning the 'wave of abuse and harassment' faced by Meghan. The unprecedented statement, which referred to Meghan as Harry's girlfriend for the first time, emphasized that Prince Harry was 'worried about Ms. Markle's safety and is deeply disappointed that he has not been able to protect her.' It continued 'It is not right that a few months into a relationship with him that Ms. Markle should be subjected to such a storm.' The palace were also forced to address speculation that Prince William was unhappy with Harry for confirming the relationship too soon, stating 'The Duke of Cambridge absolutely understands the situation concerning privacy and supports the need for Prince Harry to support those closest to him.'Early in December 2017 Meghan was confirmed as the most Googled actress of 2016. In the same month, the couple were photographed together for the first time in London, shopping for a Christmas tree at the Pines and Needles store and attending a performance of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time. By January 2017 a source told US weekly that Harry had introduced Meghan to Kate and Prince Charlotte and that the 'meeting went well'. Meanwhile a source told The Sun that Meghan had 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry to his cottage on the Kensington Palace estate. By March things were openly getting pretty serious between the two: Meghan accompanied Harry to Jamaica for a wedding for the first time (his friend's Tom 'Skippy' Inskip to Lara Hughes-Young). On April the 7th Meghan announced that she was closing down her lifestyle blog The Tig writing 'What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. You've made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy.' In May, Meghan and Harry attended their first public event together at the Polo in Coworth Park (where they also engaged in some PDA). Later in May Prince Harry was seen driving Meghan to the reception of Pippa Middleton and James Matthew's wedding.Welcome to Meghan the style Icon: at the opening of Prince Harry's Invictus Games in September Meghan wore a maroon midi dress with a pleated chiffon skirt by one of her favourite Canadian brands, Aritzia with a burgundy biker jacket by Mackage. The next day the couple were photographed sitting together at the wheelchair tennis and 'broke with royal protocol' by holding hands and kissing at the closing ceremony. On the 5th of September In an interview with Vanity Fair, Meghan stated: 'We're a couple. We're in love. I'm sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people understand is that this is our time.' Late 2017 we saw the end of everyone's favourite legal powerhouse Rachel Zane (sob). In November 2017, shortly after Meghan met the Queen, the actress was reported to be leaving her role in Suits after seven seasons. After months of speculation, Prince Charles announced the engagement of his younger son Prince Harry and Meghan Markle after 15 months of dating On November 27th 2017 . The engagement ring, said to be designed by Harry, is made of two stones that belonged to Princess Diana. The couple later appeared at a photocall, with Markle wearing a white dress coat by Canadian brand Line The Label (whose website subsequently crashed). When asked by waiting photographers if the proposal was romantic, Harry joked 'of course!' Speaking about his late mother, Princess Diana, Harry said 'I think they'd be thick as thieves. She would be over the moon, jumping up and down, so excited for me... It's days like today when I really miss having her around and miss being able to share the happy news. With the ring, I'm sure she's with us, jumping up and down somewhere else.' it was announced that the wedding would take place on May the 19th, 2018. In December 2017 Meghan, Harry, Kate and William were photographed together attending the Christmas service at Sandringham. Pictures of the two couples earned them the title 'The Fab Four'. Meanwhile in the following months Meghan earned a reputation for breaking royal protocol on official visits by hugging fans of the couple and kissing them on the cheek. In February 2018, Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle had their first royal engagement together for the Royal Foundation Forum with Prince Harry and Prince William. Harry stated of the two couples 'We have different opinions and they work really well [together]. Working as family does have its challenges; of course it does. The fact that everybody is laughing shows they know exactly what's it like… But we are stuck together for the rest of our lives.'In the lead-up to the wedding it was confirmed 2,640 people would be invited to the grounds of Windsor Palace to watch the royal wedding. Photos of Meghan and Harry's wedding invitations were released, bearing Harry's legal name 'Henry'. Meghan and Harry made a number of public appearances together including to the Invictus game tryouts in April and attend the Queen's birthday at the Royal Albert Hall. Meghan's final episode of Suits is also aired, marking the official end of her acting career.On May the 14th, three days before the wedding Meghan's father, Thomas Markle sr. who was confirmed to walk Meghan down the aisle pulled out, following an embarrassing incident in which he staged paid paparazzi photos. Thomas Markle later suffered a heart attack, and his son Thomas Markle Jr. penned an unflattering open letter to Harry criticizing Meghan and encouraging him to pull out of the wedding. The day before the wedding, Kensington Palace announced Prince Charles would walk Meghan down the aisle, stating 'The Prince of Wales is pleased to be able to welcome Ms. Markle to The Royal Family in this way.'Meghan and Harry wed on the 19th of May for a combined audience of 11.5 million people who tuned in to watch the ceremony. Meghan's gown was made by Clare Waight Keller, artistic director of the fashion house Givenchy which she later changed for a silk crepe dress by Stella McCartney. Her mother Doria Ragland attended the ceremony along with a host of celebrities including Meghan's former Suits cast and her close friends, George and Amal Clooney.Throughout May of 2018 Harry and Meghan made their first official appearances as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. For her inaugural attendance to the Trooping of the Colour Meghan wore an off-the-shoulder dress, reportedly breaking royal protocal. In the following months the newlyweds made a number of public appearances including to Ireland to meet the country's officials. They also took a rumoured trip to visit George and Amal Clooney in Lake Como. Speculation began during Princess Eugenie's wedding that Meghan was pregnant owing to her loose coat. The rumours were confirmed when Kensington Palace announced on the 15th of October 2018 that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were expecting a child. The announcement also coincided with the first day of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's official tour. In October Meghan and Harry departed for their 16-day Autumn royal tour visiting Australia, Tonga, Fiji and New Zealand (obviously featuring some serious style moments from the newly-appointed Duchess of Sussex/Style). By November, sources were telling news outlets that the couple were preparing to move to Frogmore cottage in Windsor in 2019. The couple spent the anniversary of their engagement, November the 27th apart, due to Harry being in Zambia. As Meghan and Harry embarked on life as newlyweds there was less plainsailing, as controversy continued to follow closely on their heels. Meghan's family have continued to be the subject of unflattering media headlines and Thomas Markle gave interviews to the media about his distanced relationship with his daughter. Meanwhile Samantha Markle (Meghan's half sister, who also claims to be penning a book about the Duchess) was put on a fixated persons list after showing up at Kensington palace in January. Rumours of a froideur between Meghan and Kate were sparked shortly after Meghan and Harry's nuptials by reports that Meghan reduced Kate 'to tears' during challenging dress fittings with Princess Charlotte. In February, Thomas Markle leaks a handwritten letter from Meghan to the media in response to friends of the Duchess defending her in an interview and following numerous staff changes, rumours arise that Meghan and Harry's staff refer to Meghan by the nickname 'The difficult Duchess'. In March 2019 it was confirmed that the Sussex and Cambridge's 'royal households' will split, meaning the couples will no longer share staff. Royal spokespersons confirm that Kate and William's staff team will stay in Kensington Palace while Meghan and Harry's staff will be based in Buckingham Palace, reflecting the location of their new residence of Frogmore cottage in Windsor. Representatives are quick to confirm this is a planned move, and not due to rumors of growing tensions between the couples. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you like to acknowledge it or not, Valentine’s Day is just around the corner, which means scores of men and women will supposedly be spending a pretty penny on underwear that will unearth an inner vixen. For the makers of pants, this is there Christmas, their big money-making moment, their till-ringing season. And, yet, the newest pants on the market are selling something certifiably unsexy: technology.Promising to ‘optimise your sleep quality and well-being’, SKIIN’s skivvies are essentially high-tech knickers. Without you even realizing, these pants use your private parts to measure your heart rate, hydration, body fat, temperature, breathing patterns, posture and movement.Why? Supposedly, this will help ‘people understand how sleep, activity, and mindfulness impact each other and helps users achieve goals which are important to them. Additionally, it allows your body to directly control IOT devices in your home, such as change the thermostat based off your body's temperature’, says Steve Aitken, SKIIN’s Director of Product.This 1984 situation will link the intel your pants record and hook it up with an app that will react to the changing data you feed it. Feeling clammy? Your pants will turn on the air con. Feeling stressed? They will line up a de-stressing Spotify playlist. ‘We created SKIIN to allow humans to connect to ourselves, others, and the digital world in a very meaningful way’, says Steve.In 1917, radium was seen as a harmless paint, something that you could ingest without fears, No, this isn’t a joke. Back then, doctor’s weren’t fully aware of the dangers of radiation poisoning. In the same vein, the links between cigarettes and cancer weren’t known until it was too late for too many. Similarly, research around consumer wearable technology’s long-term effects remains fairly oblique. Some studies suggest that cellphone technology may have long-term carcinogenic health effects even though no evidence has certifiably proved this either way. While the jury’s out, I’m happy to keep the tech as far as way from sensitive areas as I can.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When a trio of the coolest girls on the planet, Gigi Hadid, Solange Knowles and Leandra Medina of Man Repeller, all like your brand, you know that you’re on to a good thing. Such is the case for designer George Keburia, whose ‘90s-esque tiny sunglasses have been spotted on the three trend-setters in recent weeks.  @gigihadid wearing our sunglasses💛 Style: @mimicuttrell 🙏💛A post shared by  ᴳᴱᴼᴿᴳᴱ ᴷᴱᴮᵁᴿᴵᴬ (@georgekeburia) on Jan 14, 2018 at 5:13am PSTThe Georgian designer was one of the rising stars of Tbilisi fashion week, with recent collections inspired by his upbringing in the war-torn country in the 1990s, with guns being a recurrent motif. His hit piece though is definitely the sunglasses, which have been enjoying A-list popularity thanks to the resurgence in ‘90s-style frames.  @saintrecords wearing our sunglasses ✨💛 styled by @pejufamojure 💗 @surfacemagA post shared by  ᴳᴱᴼᴿᴳᴱ ᴷᴱᴮᵁᴿᴵᴬ (@georgekeburia) on Jan 4, 2018 at 10:29am PSTAfter all, Kanye West reportedly sent Kim Kardashian an email telling her that no one wears big shades anymore, attaching hundreds of pictures of ‘90s sunnies. (Sister Kourtney Kardashian is also a fan of the George Keburia glasses, and has been wearing hers since December).  @kourtneykardash wearing our sunglasses🥂✨A post shared by  ᴳᴱᴼᴿᴳᴱ ᴷᴱᴮᵁᴿᴵᴬ (@georgekeburia) on Dec 18, 2017 at 11:41pm PSTIf you’re used to big sunglasses a la the Olsen twins and Anna Wintour, it might be hard to get your head around the new style, but it’s actually incredibly flattering. The diamond shape gives the illusion of better bone structure (hello, angles) as well as widening longer faces, too.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Leave it to cool girl brand AllSaints to produce an entire collection we can’t get enough of. A whole range of pieces that look like they could smooth-talk themselves into our wardrobe.For the modern woman living in the fast-paced world that we do, clothing can’t just be one thing. It needs to be multi-tasking, ready to work as hard as it plays. As if composing a wardrobe from scratch, this London label has all the staples that you need to pull a double shift with your look. For starters, there’s leather you can’t say no to, knitwear that gives you that warm fuzzy feeling and silhouettes that a hanger just can’t do justice. While our appetite for this school of savvy shopping can be easily mentally justified, we still wanted to know: what’s worth its price tag.We enlisted Radar Radio’s ultimate cool girl Amal Omari to tell us what’s going to future-proof your wardrobe, and what’s worth hitting skip on.AllSaints, Jones Jumper, £168; AllSaints, Heidi Stripe Jeans, £108'This is just the sort of thing I'd wear day-to-day for work as I have a lot of meetings that you can't wear a tracksuit for. This is smart but just as comfortable. I love the high-neck on the sweater and that the shirt is built in - makes getting ready double quick.' Debrief Changing Room Selfies All Saints2of6AllSaints, Jones Jumper, £168; AllSaints, Heidi Stripe Jeans, £108'This is just the sort of thing I'd wear day-to-day for work as I have a lot of meetings that you can't wear a tracksuit for. This is smart but just as comfortable. I love the high-neck on the sweater and that the shirt is built in - makes getting ready double quick.' AllSaints, Eva Short Dress, £188'I'm currently trying to transition from being a tomboy into a bit of a lady - I'm not trying to go all the way! - so this is really my kind of thing. I love the asymmetric cut, it's much more flattering than your average jumper dress. It's grown and sexy.'AllSaints, Eva Dress, £198'This is like the navy dress but, with a double shot of fashion. I like the contrast of the soft cut of with its slit at the front and one-bare shoulder against the thigh-high velvet boots.' AllSaints, Sura Jumper Dress, £188; AllSaints, Isla Leggings, £128; AllSaints, Donita Boot, £228'I love this cream jumper with the built-in shirt. It's elegant and sexy, but casual still. I like how you could wear it as a dress or unbuttoned with these leggings. I'm a big, big fan! However, I found the leggings fit a little small and as they are very thin I was scared of ripping them.'AllSaints, Abigail Crew Jumper, £188; AllSaints, Nichola Kasuri Dress, £218; AllSaints, Donita Boot, £228'Honestly, on a hanger, I didn't think this would work. I thought it would make me look like a granny. But, it's actually my favourite look. I feel like the slits make it a bit edgier and the jumper adds a little grunge to the look. It's a yes from me.'Jacket, Model's Own; AllSaints, Daisy Tee, £45; AllSaints, Tonya Lew Silk Dress, £118'When I first saw this I thought the underdress would be short, tight and wouldn't fit me at all because I'm a curvy woman. So, I was pleasantly shocked when it did. I honestly thought it would be a tank top on me. It's actually very versatile, I feel like I could wear it with trainers or heels depending on my mood. But, however, I style it I'd always wear it with the t-shirt over as it's so much more interesting and flattering.'This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A flash of fashion news interrupted this weekend: The former head of design at Yves Saint Laurent, Hedi Slimane has been appointed Artistic, Creative and Image Director of Céline - the house that Phoebe Philo left at the end of last year.Not only will Slimane take up the reigns of the label, but for the first time in the history of the brand, he will expand the house to include menswear, couture and fragrances.‘He is one of the most talented designers of our time. I have been a great admirer of his work since we collaborated on Dior Homme, which he launched to global critical acclaim in the 2000s’ said Bernard Arnault, the CEO of LVMH, which owns Céline.The Parisian-born, Californian-based designer moved the needle of menswear while working at Dior Homme (between 2000 and 2007) by radically changing how a generation of men dressed. His so-called ’17cm’ jeans with their slick fit launched a million copycat drainpipe trousers and skinny suits. Indie bands have a lot to thank him for.After several years in the wilderness, Slimane was persuaded to take up the helm at Yves Saint Laurent. Once again, he proved his commercial nous was switched on. Under his watch, Saint Laurent changed its name (dropping the Yves), stopped pandering to critics and became a buzzy label. Buyers loved it. Celebrities adored it and it very quickly it became the big-ticket show at Paris Fashion Week.By all indications, Slimane’s previous success will follow him to Céline, even if his visual codes are vastly different from that of his predecessor. Philo’s stint at the French fashion house turned around the label’s fortunes by ushering in a new era of minimalism that resonated with women. Her exquisite work became the zeitgeist, launching handbag trends and renewing interest in Birkenstocks and Stan Smith sneakers. She made intellectual, architectural clothes that worked for women, that moved with their body.While Slimane is also no stranger to starting trends, his back catalogue at Saint Laurent was of a universe away from Philo’s quiet artistic expression. He picked a cabal of musicians (often critiqued for their extreme slimness) to present Glastonbury-ready babydoll dresses, grungy cardigans, mini skirts, sky-high platformed heels and fedoras. While some critics doubted him, the trends caught on and the company boomed.Not to splash cold water on this recent LVMH coup, but a writer at Dazed has shone a light on Slimane’s dire diversity record. He calculated that during the designer’s tenure at YSL he presented 15 shows of 875 looks but only featured 19 models of colour.Though he will have an uphill battle to win over Philo-loyalists many see Hedi’s appointment as a positive indication that Céline will be moving into an increasingly gender-neutral territory. And, that using his LA links, Slimane will finally make moves on the red carpet. Plus, the instant announcement that the label will now be making perfumes suggests his vision to make the design house an accessible commercial vehicle.All we can do now is sit tight and put his first Céline show this September in our calendar.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Anyone who has any experience with office life will know jargon is thrown around too freely. 'No-brainer', ‘Game-changer’ decisions and ‘low-hanging fruit’ are just some of the meaningless phrases wafting around workplaces right now. But, what we didn't realise until now is just how applicable they are to on- and off-duty dresses. Really, when you find an item that’s appropriate for a boardroom and brunch it’s a no-brainer and you should immediately grab that low-hanging fruit because it could be your Monday morning game-changer.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember when boho meant little more than a coin-belt and a floaty skirt? Not anymore. The same wanderlust codes might be there – fringing, embellishment, smocks – but there’s a new take on this free-spirited form of dressing. It’s got guts, it’s got energy, it’s got something to say – and we want in. This is boho for the 21st Century.The Diesel Black Gold FW18 collection – which was shown in Milan earlier this week –showcased the new boho in all its denim and leather clad glory. Creative director Andreas Melbostad was, he explains, thinking about communities and the galvanising feeling of togetherness during times of political and economic turbulence. ‘For me it’s really fascinating to find “Oh I have an activist side”, which is completely new for me. I always liked to be informed and care about issues but this is a really different emotion. Living in the US, you become aware of things in a different way,’ he tells us. ‘I wouldn’t say the show or my fashion is any sort of political statement, but I wanted to celebrate something and liked the diversity, there’s so much beauty in it.'For Melbostad this spirit of celebration translated into an energetic collection that celebrated diversity: peasant smocks with Romanian embroidery, denim dresses that call to mind Syrian tunics, Chinese Hmong skirts reimaged as patchwork denim versions, Navajo-inspired embellishment, Palestinian-style embroideries and a standout Mongolian coat this editor wants immediately. (The new jean shape, FYI? Super-slit flares). Finished with multi-braided hair, tribal tattoo-style markings and fringed boots the effect was part Mad Max, part Burning Man, part Kate Moss circa 2005. And that’s a good thing. Is it too soon to be thinking about your festival wardrobe? Absolutely not.What unity doesn’t mean, however, is homogeny. The Diesel Black Gold is a celebration of diversity – something Melbostad admits the industry has had a problem with in the past. ‘I think it does have a problem for sure, and it’s strange in this day and age but I do think it’s getting better. Things are moving forward and backward.  It’s not a linear thing’. Change is afoot, however: ‘A sense of individuality and individual beauty and alternative beauty is coming through more and more,’ says Melbostad. ‘There is a real excitement about it, it’s not forced. I think that’s going to drive a system that’s used to operating in a different way.’ The revolution starts here© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Reports announced today that last year was one of the hottest ever recorded, the warmest since global records began. With unprecedented wildfires, superstorms and floods ravaging the planet, scientists point to global warming as the precise cause. Armed with this information it’s hard not to consider the impact of non-vital industries, like fashion, is having on the environment.Luckily, 64 companies, including Zara, M&S, ASOS, adidas, Ganni, H&M and Reformation have committed to a new sustainable agenda. With the aid of the Global Fashion Agenda, they have created targets for increasing their sustainable design output, garment collection and up-cycling textiles. The ambition is to reach this goal by 2020.Grazia Sustainable Fashion Brands2of60ASOS have gone one step further promising to train their entire design team in circular design, which is a regenerative process of eliminating waste by reusing, preparing, painting and recycling. As well, they’ve pledged to introduce garment collection so that they can re-use materials where possible.On the luxury spectrum, Kering (the group that owns Gucci, Saint Laurent and Balenciaga) aims to be 100 per cent cruelty-free by 2020. It also has its eye on scaling up pre- and post-consumer waste recycling.’Global Fashion Agenda's mission is to mobilize the international fashion industry to transform the way we produce and consume fashion. This is done by engaging the broader fashion community on the most pressing issues and solutions and by creating joint commitments to achieve significant progress,’ explains the platform’s website.While this new agreement only represents 7.5 per cent of the global fashion industry, it's hard not to see it as a step in a positive direction. And, this is especially so if these large retailers can prove there is a scalable business model that can be copied for selling and consuming fashion sustainably.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Winona Ryder is so much more than Joyce in Stranger Things. In the late ‘80s when Thatcher was in power, grunge was gaining momentum and chiselled Johnny Depp wasn’t the hate-icon he is now, Winona appeared on the scene. With alabaster skin, raven hair and the ability to make something as banal as jeans and a t-shirt look cool she stood out.Undoubtedly this was helped by the fact she kept picking cult roles like the macabre goth Lydia Deetz in Beetlejuice, gun-wielding shoulder-pad lover Veronica Sawyer in Heathers and the pixie-haired normcore-originator Susanna in Girl, Interrupted. Her red carpet appearances were a one-woman campaign in minimalism. Her hair was the antidote to the bouffant of the bronzed blonde foils the Hollywood machine kept spitting out. With Ryder back in the public eye, let's take a walk through memory lane and remind ourselves just how she helped define the meaning of coolCurrently Googling 'Where can we get pink laces for Dr. Martens', wonder why…Debrief Winona Makes Us Want To Go Shopping2of17Currently Googling 'Where can we get pink laces for Dr. Martens', wonder why…Her turn as a Catholicism-obsessed Jewish girl in 1990 flick Mermaids kickstarted our love affair (and maybe Alexa Chung's too?) with pleated skirts, Peter Pan collars and headbands.Name a more iconic Winona? With her a tad-too-big mom jeans, band tee and leather blazer, her raven hair and red lips, it's really no wonder she became the face of Gen-X. On the surface, this is just mom jeans and a hoodie, but anyone with eyes can see that it's the boots that lift this look to another plane. Tell me what's more covetable: Winona's leather jacket or her shy independent filmmaker sidekick? Never flummoxed by the dress code, Ryder took the Academy Awards in 1997 in her stride with a thrifted beaded gown. With her quintessential slick of coral lipstick, Winona elevates this sequined dress to new dimensionsStrange, alluring and deeply disturbing, Girl, Interrupted (which also starred Angelina Jolie) proved Winona could pull off the Beatnik look just as well as Allen Ginsberg, if not better.Winona knows when to bank on her porcelain complexion to create drama with a dress. Adding an element of grunge to her Eurythmic's band tee, Winona styled her ensemble with a bike chain necklace and choker. Instant cool. Now, this is how you make minimalism show-stopping. There are two things you rarely ever see Winona wear: pattern and colour. In this one-off sighting, the star proved she could give head-to-toe pink a beautiful spin. How? She relied on her old-friend minimalism. Before Monica Rose could dilute the meaning of band tees, Winona wore them like a uniform. Like Mia Farrow's iconic pixie, Winona's boyish cut became an icon in its own right. Goals: Make men in badly fitted suits look out-of-place with a protest pin and a flower in your hair. Dark smokey eyes and slick monotoned tailoring, this is Winona's USP.It's the unexpectedness of her perspex heels that makes this all-black ensemble modern. This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Two days after her 44th birthday, Kate Moss made a surprise appearance on the Louis Vuitton’s runway. And, she wasn’t alone. Moss’ longterm work-wife Naomi Campbell strode alongside her as they closed the show.While fashion may be moving into more gender-neutral territory - with Gucci, Burberry and Prada showcasing men’s and women’s collections within one show - this wasn’t the reason Moss and Campbell took the Louis Vuitton menswear runway today.After six years helming the men’s side of the French luxury house the lauded designer Kim Jones is stepping down. It was he that ushered in a new era for the label with collaborations with Supreme and artists Jake and Dinos Chapmen. In the process, he moved the menswear arm of the LVMH brand into a more high-profile space and gained fans as diverse as Justin Bieber, David Beckham and Tyga.With rumours swirling about where Jones will go next - many whispering Burberry - he has kept the conversation, for today at least, on his final show. Why? The casting of Campbell and Kate, of course.The pair in question wore matching single-breasted monogrammed trench coats that were tightly belted at the waist and paired with heavy logo-printed biker boots. Moss wore her hair up in an abbreviated beehive while Campbell left her's slick, straight and loose. While both models walked the catwalk separately, they came together to close the show hand-in-hand with the man of the moment, Kim Jones.This is by no means the first time the duo have stalked the same runway, but it’s definitely one for the history books. Especially, as this could be the cipher that Jones is moving from men's into women's wear and even possibly to a well known retailer of trench coats. Only time will tell.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Two days after her 44th birthday, Kate Moss made a surprise appearance on the Louis Vuitton’s runway. And, she wasn’t alone. Moss’ longterm work-wife Naomi Campbell strode alongside her as they closed the show.While fashion may be moving into more gender-neutral territory - with Gucci, Burberry and Prada showcasing men’s and women’s collections within one show - this wasn’t the reason Moss and Campbell took the Louis Vuitton menswear runway today.After six years helming the men’s side of the French luxury house the lauded designer Kim Jones is stepping down. It was he that ushered in a new era for the label with collaborations with Supreme and artists Jake and Dinos Chapmen. In the process, he moved the menswear arm of the LVMH brand into a more high-profile space and gained fans as diverse as Justin Bieber, David Beckham and Tyga.With rumours swirling about where Jones will go next - many whispering Burberry - he has kept the conversation, for today at least, on his final show. Why? The casting of Campbell and Kate, of course.The pair in question wore matching single-breasted monogrammed trench coats that were tightly belted at the waist and paired with heavy logo-printed biker boots. Moss wore her hair up in an abbreviated beehive while Campbell left her's slick, straight and loose. While both models walked the catwalk separately, they came together to close the show hand-in-hand with the man of the moment, Kim Jones.This is by no means the first time the duo have stalked the same runway, but it’s definitely one for the history books. Especially, as this could be the cipher that Jones is moving from men's into women's wear. Only time will tell.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We all know that fashion has a bit of a thing for the ugly shoe. Cast your mind back to the whole bedazzled Crocs-scenario that Christopher Kane brought us, which was followed up by Balenciaga’s platform Crocs. Then, there was the whole Birkenstock craze, and people are still loving the ugly ‘dad trainer’ trend (Balenciaga proves to be a key culprit yet again).But did you ever think thigh-high Uggs would EVER be a thing?Just when we thought the ugly footwear trend had peaked, Y/Project, the super-cool French brand that’s on par with Vetements for its subversive streetwear, revealed a surprise collaboration with Ugg- the brand of the noughties, beloved by Paris Hilton, busy mothers, and basic bitches everywhere.It might seem an unlikely collaboration, but this is not the Ugg boot you know (and love? Or hate? It’s a pretty divided world out there), since Y/Project’s creative director Glenn Martens has given the classic boot a 2018 makeover.These Uggs are thigh-high- we’re talking extreme crotch skimming proportions here- and they’re slouchy.Apparently, the designs were geared towards maximising the brand’s best characteristic- comfort. “Putting on Uggs is like putting your foot in a warm pot of butter, and I thought why not elevate that and immerse your full legs!” wrote Martens. “So, we decided to design an Ugg boot that climbs up to the crotch and covers the whole leg.” Because who wouldn’t want to dip their legs in a warm put of butter?He continued: “The UGG Classic boot is one of the most recognizable shoes in history. It’s timeless and challenging design made it a worldwide statement. Y/Project is about challenges. Since launch we've been twisting the grounded codes, we challenged the acceptable and triggered people by putting focus on the unexpected.”Well you’ve got us there Y/Project, literally no one saw this coming.It’s not the weirdest concept Y/Project has come up with though, just think back to the toe mule they brought out for Spring 2018. Compared to that bizarre look, the Ugg collaboration actually seems pretty tame…Okay, the thigh-high Ugg is a baffling shoe, and yes, it does kind of evoke the mental image of a beige Michelin man, or a Shar Pei puppy, but….swathing your legs in shearling might well be the ultimate level of comfort. Pros and cons, I guess.Follow Annie Simon on Twitter: @annieasimonThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Much has been made of Marks & Spencer in recent weeks since Meghan Markle wore a jumper by the retailer on a visit to Brixton. The £45 sweater in question was a round-neck pullover with bell sleeves. It instantly sold out. Following on from this coup, M&S has released a first look at Autograph's new spring collection. So far, all signs point to the same success.Understanding that in this fast-moving world we expect our clothes to keep up with us, Marks & Spencer’s new range is rooted in versatility. There’s a pale pink cotton dress that can pull a double shift with boots for day, and heels and earrings for night. A transformative leather jacket, priced at £249, adds instant value to denim and maxi dresses alike. A kimono belted white shirt can be cinched with skirts and tailoring depending if you’re on- or off-duty. And, the accessories, like the capacious totes and cone-heeled sling-backs are convincing sidekicks for spring.A palette of chartreuse, mint green, lilac, grey and millennial pink may offer variety but on paper sound difficult to wear. However, the focus on block colours, with only a handful of prints on offer, means that enlivening clashes are encouraged. Take a sheer sky blue shirt dress and layer it with a lightweight lemon summer coat, or consider teaming wide-leg amber palazzo pants with a soft blush blazer to maximize this opportunity.Even though Marks & Spencer’s troubles have been well-documented - store closures, profit drops and plummeting share prices - it looks likely that their new spring Autograph collection will steer the ship to calmer waters. Or, at the very least catch the eye of the royal fanbase once again.Credit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and SpencerCredit: Marks and Spencer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Despite some recent victories, the issue of fur in fashion is still very real, and the subject of high-profile names wearing fur is almost guaranteed to invite backlash. But does it make a difference if it’s part of their job?Kendall Jenner is someone who has recently found herself at the end of this question. At Dsquared2’s Milan Fashion Week show on Sunday, the supermodel’s assigned runway look included a satin maxi dress and a corduroy coat, lined in what appeared to be real fur. Swathes of it, in fact. A fur coat so huge it could have acted as a costume double in The Revenant. It was a slap in the face for animal rights activists and fans with similar principals alike, especially since Jenner posted multiple photos of herself wearing the coat across her social channels. She captioned her posts ‘this coat!’ Call us cynical, but we hardly think she experienced a premature posting spasm before being able to finish: ‘is really unethical and I loathe having to wear it’.What came was a steady counterblast. One Twitter user spat: ‘@KendallJenner Wearing #fur in 2018 is not beautiful, it shows you're an ignorant and pretty empty being. #FurIsDead’, while another wrote: ‘I love Kendall but real fur is for animals not people. It's 2018, we should be banning fur... not promoting it’.It’s no wonder people are angry: fur’s place in fashion is outdated, and practices are cruel. But is Kendall’s decision to wear the unethical number for the runway show just a case of an employee doing their job? Is it the same as, say, a vegetarian waitress serving meat at her restaurant? A different tweet read: ‘Blame the designer, not the model. Also, where's the backlash when other celebs wear fur for personal reasons and not for work?’ But of course, there’s a difference between Kendall Jenner and your average, vegetarian waitress. Jenner is the highest-paid model in the world according to Forbes’ 2017 round-up, so you’d think she could easily turn down lucrative work if it hurt her principles. Of course, this could risk severing relationships, and it’s clear that reaching the top of the modelling industry is largely a game of designer-model bonding and double air kisses. Would Kendall really want to disturb the cutesy set-up of her Insta-perfect ‘fashion family’ for something like, you know, her moral compassJenner also boasts over 86 million followers on Instagram, making her ‘influential’, and let’s not forget the fact she gushed about the coat on social media afterwards is a huge part of the problem here. Can we go ahead and assume Kendall doesn’t have an ethical code that she lives by regarding animal welfare? Probably - as sad as that is. It’s especially troubling at a time where it seems the fashion industry is making progress. Just this week, Norway - one of the biggest producers of fur in Europe - pledged to ban fur farming. Gucci announced at the end of last year that it’s going fur-free in 2018 (Gucci CEO Marco Bizzarri called the practice ‘not modern’), following the likes of Stella McCartney, Armani and Michael Kors.So, of course, a lot of the onus should be Dsquared2 and the people behind its outdated decision to still be using fur in their collections. Mink coats, Coyote fur hooded jackets, Fox fur boots and 100% Racoon fur hats are among just some of its website’s current offerings.It does seem odd for a brand to send one of the most famous (and most-watched) models in the world down the runway in a look that it surely knew would cause so much controversy, but perhaps therein lies the logic. Too cynical a take on our part? Maybe.And if it’s simply a case of Kendall being unabashed about a garment she loves, then we can only hope that she learns to take a moment to think more in 2018. You can have that one for free, Kendall.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it’s a pink pussy hat or a Dior t-shirt, sartorially pledging your allegiance to the feminist cause has never been easier. We’ve lost count of the number of fashion pieces emblazoned with the words ‘feminist’, and the latest to garner hype comes courtesy of New York brand, Alice & Olivia. A mesh black and white midi, the skirt comes with ‘feminist’ embroidered in sequins.A hit with the A-list, following Olivia Wilde’s appearance on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen in the skirt last year, Helen Mirren has now been spotted wearing the conversation starting style. For a visit to the SiriusXM Studios in New York, the Oscar winner paired the item with a fuschia pink knit, a leather bomber jacket and biker boots. Eschewing a slip for the pair of built-in-shorts the skirt comes with, Mirren proves that sheer fabrics can be worn at any age.An ardent feminist, Mirren has been outspoken about women’s rights at many points throughout her five decade career.‘I’ve always lived my life as a feminist, I’ve always believed in all the theory of feminism without a doubt. I loved people like Germaine Greer and I loved what they were saying, but I was the kind of feminist that wanted to wear high heels and lipstick and that wasn’t on in the late '60s. You couldn’t be a feminist and do that kind of thing. Well you can nowadays, so I’m a modern feminist,’ Mirren told The Hollywood Reporter last year.Costing £320, you can shop the skirt yourself here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s a warm sunny day in Malibu, the waves are crashing on the nearby shore, and Kendall Jenner is training a dog in Italian. By her side is a French Bulldog lapping up the attention.Alongside ballet dancer Roberto Bolle, Kendall is the face of Tod’s spring 2018 collection. The pair aren’t in California for the sun, but to shoot the luxury Italian label’s latest campaign. Between takes of Roberto and Kendall frolicking on the sand, leaping over stones and playing cards by the pool - all while wearing Tod’s iconic leather slip-ons - she stole a moment to play with the puppy.‘Smiling, as they spend a relaxing day in the sunshine, Kendall and Roberto experience the Italian way of life’, reads the press release. And, they aren’t alone for the 22-year-old model found time to teach her four-legged friend a little Italian.While wearing white jeans ripe for a boat ride in Positano, Kendall taught her pup how to ‘seduto’ (sit), ‘vieni’ (come), ‘baccio’ (kiss) and ‘fermo’ (stay). Like all well-versed dog trainers, she wasn’t above bribery. Though one moccasin got caught in the cross-fire of classes, it was the prized procession of a new Wave Backpack that finally got this french bulldog to behave. Watch the video below.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re the kind of person who checks your horoscope on a daily basis and know all your friends’ star signs, or if you’re a fan of cooler-than-cool brand Vetements, or both- then these zodiac t-shirts are probably right up your street.Having released its 12-piece Horoscope Raincoat range last month, Vetements has since dropped a women’s zodiac t-shirt capsule collection, and a complementary men’s collection.So now you can coordinate looks with your main man or MBF and wear matching star-sign shirts. Or if you prefer the fit of the men's range, just nab it for yourself.As with the raincoats, the black cotton tees feature the zodiac symbol on the front and short descriptions of the sign’s characteristics on the back.If you’re an Aquarius the back of your shirt will teach you that you are ‘modern, independent and freedom loving’. Aries? You’re known for ‘your fiery zeal and exuberance.’ Or are you a fun-loving Gemini, one of those 'truth seekers and lovers of travel'?The boxy, oversized shape adds cool factor, while the descriptions are just cute af.Seriously, were you expecting anything less from the brand that brought us that iconic DHL t-shirt and the Justin4ever hoodies that inspired JB’s own Purpose tour merch?Vetements has casual streetwear down, and let’s be honest, we’re already trying to work out whether we can justify spending £265 on a t-shirt (ok, so we might not be able to afford it, but a girl can always dream).It may be expensively Vetements-priced, but it’s still a cool collection that we’re pretty into. So if Christmas hasn’t completely crippled your finances, go check your star signs, find your zodiac tee, and decide whether your description is accurate.The collection is currently available to buy from stockists like ssense.comFollow Annie Simon on Twitter: @annieasimonThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Trends come and go so fast these days, but one high street retailer has found a way to float above them and still make us salivate. Over the last few years, Warehouse has had a makeover of sorts, its become directional and in turn extremely desirable. The brand’s idea of fashion is something that isn’t just a one season-hit, this means boucle dresses that you won’t bore of, trousers that can be dressed up or down and accessories that you didn’t even know you wanted. In Warehouse, you’ll never feel overexposed or less than elegant. It’s that perfect middle ground between trendsetting and wearable everyday. Discover for yourself now…Like this? You might also be interested in...9 Pairs Of Velvet Trainers To Lust After13 Belt Bags That Will Make You Rethink Bumbags Forever12 Pieces Of Gym Wear At Every Price Point So You Have No Excuse Not To Work OutFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If there ever was a time for a sartorial pick me up, January is it.  Bright colours are a guaranteed mood boost and there is nothing more cheering than donning multi-coloured stripes.Doing the rounds the past few seasons, the trend for rainbow stripes shows no signs of slowing down. Seen on the catwalk at Missoni, Ashish and Paul Smith, the uplifting trend has trickled down to the high street too. Whether you dip your toe with a rainbow striped sweater or fully commit with a striped sequin co-ord, this January it's time to chase the rainbow.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Renowned fashion photographer Mario Testino has been accused of sexual assault. A new report in The New York Times has revealed accounts of abuse dating back to the early nineties from thirteen male models and assistants who worked with Testino.The same investigation also uncovered similar details about photographer Bruce Weber. Fifteen current and former male models who worked with Weber have accused him of unnecessary nudity and coercive sexual behavior, in particular on photo shoots.Testino’s lawyers have disputed the accounts while Weber denied the claims in a statement to The New York Times.Anna Wintour, the artistic director of Condé Nast and Editor-in-Chief at US Vogue, has released a statement confirming that the publishing house will be not be working with the pair for the ‘foreseeable future’.‘Both are personal friends of mine who have made extraordinary contributions to Vogue and many other titles at Condé Nast over the years, and both have issued objections or denials to what has emerged. I believe strongly in the value of remorse and forgiveness, but I take the allegations very seriously, and we at Condé Nast have decided to put our working relationship with both photographers on hold for the foreseeable future,’ Wintour wrote.Testino has worked with the royal family throughout his career and regularly photographed Princess Diana as well as taking the official portrait for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s engagement. It was expected that Testino may take Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s official wedding portraits but following these allegations he has been ruled out.Testino and Weber are not the only fashion industry figures to come under fire post Weinstein. Late last year a number of high profile fashion titles confirmed they would no longer be working with Terry Richardson after the photographer was accused of numerous counts of sexual assault, in particular by female models, on set.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Maxi dresses usually conjure up visions of lounging on the beach, promenading along the sea front and bright floral prints. But, actually, they’re not just for summer. If styled properly, these beauties can provide the perfect winter antidote for when the temperature starts dropping and you still have to make it out the house every day.I tried on some cold weather-appropriate maxi dresses that will actually keep you warm, and don’t look half bad either.This is pretty much what you'd typically expect from a summer maxi – it's light, has thin straps and ends just above the ankle. Once you add a T-Shirt and trainers it means you don't have to pack it away with your summer clothes, but can wear it all year round. Woop!Debrief Changing Room Selfies Maxi Dresses2of6This is pretty much what you'd typically expect from a summer maxi – it's light, has thin straps and ends just above the ankle. Once you add a T-Shirt and trainers it means you don't have to pack it away with your summer clothes, but can wear it all year round. Woop!Obvs there are times you need to be a bit more dressed up but you'll really like this maxi because it feels cosy like a pair of pyjamas, but looks smart. No one has to know that you've put a roll neck jumper underneath because it's cold –  just say it's in the name of fashion. Team with nude pumps or trainers for day, and something more sparkly for night. This rich autumn hue is a wonderful winter warmer. The belt means you won't look too mumsy, and it's the perfect length if you have a pair of shoes you want to show off.Don't be ashamed to admit that you're a little scared when you see a print. But actually,  it turns out to be the perfect work dress, and with trainers it doesn't look as try-hard as it would with a pair of heels. Sold!We love a high-necked garment. Whether it's a jumper, dress or shirt, so this one was bound to be a winner. The colour is great as it goes well with a pair of black boots, and it skims flatteringly over the body when cinched in at the waist.Wrap dresses always feel so grown up, and you're able to tie this one as tight or loose as you'd like.  Wear this with boots for work, trainers for brunch, or heels for dinner. When one dress can fit all those occasions – it's a keeper. READ MORE:9 Pairs Of Velvet Trainers To Lust After13 Belt Bags That Will Make You Rethink Bumbags Forever12 Pieces Of Gym Wear At Every Price Point So You Have No Excuse Not To Work Out© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Renowned fashion photographer Mario Testino has been accused of sexual assault. A new report in The New York Times has revealed accounts of abuse dating back to the early nineties from thirteen male models and assistants who worked with Testino. The same investigation also uncovered similar details about photographer Bruce Weber. Fifteen current and former male models who worked with Weber have accused him of unnecessary nudity and coercive sexual behavior, in particular on photo shoots. Testino’s lawyers have disputed the accounts while Weber denied the claims in a statement to The New York Times. Anna Wintour, the artistic director of Condé Nast and Editor-in-Chief at US Vogue, has released a statement confirming that the publishing house will be not be working with the pair for the ‘foreseeable future’. ‘Both are personal friends of mine who have made extraordinary contributions to Vogue and many other titles at Condé Nast over the years, and both have issued objections or denials to what has emerged. I believe strongly in the value of remorse and forgiveness, but I take the allegations very seriously, and we at Condé Nast have decided to put our working relationship with both photographers on hold for the foreseeable future,’ Wintour wrote.Testino has worked with the royal family throughout his career and regularly photographed Princess Diana as well as taking the official portrait for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s engagement. It was expected that Testino may take Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s official wedding portraits but following these allegations he has been ruled out. Testino and Weber are not the only fashion industry figures to come under fire post Weinstein. Late last year a number of high profile fashion titles confirmed they would no longer be working with Terry Richardson after the photographer was accused of numerous counts of sexual assault, in particular by female models, on set.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Victoria Beckham has come under fire after the model who stars in her new campaign was deemed unacceptably thin.The image, which stars 29-year-old Lithuanian model Giedre Dukauskaite, is for Beckham’s new eyewear collection. It was shared across her social media platforms at the weekend, with the caption: ‘Start the year with new frames from the Spring Summer 2018 #VBEyewear collection inspired by 1970s retro classics and updated for a feathery-light, fresh and modern look.’ Yet instead of focusing on the new eyewear, some users were unhappy with the size of the model, reopening the debate on the responsibility that designers to their often young and impressionable fans.‘Ridiculous. These types of images have real consequences for young girls,’ one commented, while another wrote: ‘Why do we continue promoting these unachievable body types for most women? We have millions of young teens already having issues with their weight. Help women embrace their own bodies - be part of the positive change, please!’ Meanwhile others defended the designer, with one writing: ‘So girls who are naturally tall and lean are a negative influence? Beautiful model, style and specs.’In 2010, Beckham vowed to only use models with a healthy BMI for her catwalk shows. She has so far not commented on the controversy.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Shade yourself from the harsh glare of January in a pair of sunglasses and you can be safe in the knowledge you’ll be able to get at least a year’s worth of wear out of. Whether oval, aviator or angular and ‘90s inspired, a pair of sunglasses can do a lot more than shield your eyes from the sun. For one, they add a dose of cool factor to any outfit, regardless of climate. We currently have our eyes on Mango’s Kurt Cobain-ish specs, Takesh Eyewear’s Instagram hit heart-shaped shades and Poppy Lissiman’s ‘Le Skinny’ glasses that count Bella Hadid as a fan. See what styles are worth investing in now…Debrief 13 Sunglasses To Buy Now And Wear For The Next 12 Months  2of11Like this? You might also be interested in...9 Pairs Of Velvet Trainers To Lust After13 Belt Bags That Will Make You Rethink Bumbags Forever12 Pieces Of Gym Wear At Every Price Point So You Have No Excuse Not To Work OutFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s easy to have a bleak outlook in January, everything from the sky to our mood is greyer than usual. For as long as the thermometers fail to read double-digit degrees blast away the cold with the injection of sprightly colour into your day-to-day. Luckily, Instagram’s influencers have been painting the way by experimenting with vibrant, vivid shades. Scroll on for a masterclass in untraditional clashes, adding a splash of colour or deep diving into a single shade… 🍏A post shared by  Paloma Elsesser (@palomija) on Dec 27, 2017 at 10:45am PSTTake the zing out of a zesty statement piece by pairing it with understated basics, like tailored trousers and a white t-shirt. But, if you’re willing to turn up the heat then skip over Paloma Elsesser’s cautious styling and wear your sour lime corset with a hue bright enough to wake up the back of the bus. What to wear when you need to look professional but also need everyone to look at you immediatelyA post shared by  Man Repeller (@manrepeller) on Dec 21, 2017 at 10:46am PSTThere’s no need to retire your pink suit just because the temperature has plummeted, just add layers. Thick tube socks, cute boots, beanies and insulating cardigans are an antidote to winter’s wickedly cold winds. A Mary- Kate and Ashley ‘New York Minute’ in BhutanA post shared by  Suki Waterhouse (@sukiwaterhouse) on Dec 30, 2017 at 1:07am PSTThis colour clash is revolting it shouldn’t work, yet it 100% does. So, don’t be surprised if you see us wearing a banana yellow beret and a baby pink scarf anytime soon. Mood shmood ❄️ I’m cold but I’m happyA post shared by  nicolette mason (@nicolettemason) on Dec 29, 2017 at 1:31pm PSTSometimes the easiest solution to warming up an outfit for a cold weather day is a by adding a singularly brilliant piece, like Nicolette’s leopard print puffa jacket. Not only does her ASOS coat keep her warm but it adds a needed splash of green to her monochrome foundation pieces. Always with my trusty lil handbag 🌈A post shared by  Claire Burman (@claireburman) on Jan 2, 2018 at 8:40am PSTChase the sartorial pot of gold by layering a coloured slip dress over a rainbow striped sweater. The trick to pulling this off? Statement bejewelled earrings may seem like unnecessary touch, but they are the glue that brings these colours together.Liked this. You might also be interested in:13 Belt Bags That Will Make You Rethink Bumbags Forever12 Pieces of Gym Wear At Every Price Point So You Have No Excuse Not To Work Out3 Ways To Wear Socks and Heels Without Looking Try HardFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Recently it felt like the fashion world was making some good decisions. With Gucci following in the steps of other major fashion brands (Ralph Lauren, Michael Kors, Stella McCartney to name a few) and going fur-free, you could be forgiven for thinking that fashion was finally catching on to the fact that fur is outdated, cruel, and unethical. But that was before British Vogue decided to feature a full-page advert for the International Fur Federation (wearefur.com) in their February issue.The International Fur Federation (IFF) is a vocal defender of the ethics and sustainability of the fur business, claiming that ‘animal welfare is a top priority for the IFF’. In an attempt to reassure the public about the treatment of animals raised and killed for fur products, the fur industry has offered up ‘Origin Assured’ fur. But the reality is that these labels are no guarantee of animal welfare or humane treatment. This video from Peta, narrated by singer Paloma Faith, exposes the unspeakably violent and inhumane practices behind even supposed ‘Origin Assured’ fur.Let’s be clear, there is absolutely no way that farming, trapping and skinning animals for their pelts can possibility be ethical. It isn’t possible to claim an interest in animal welfare when you’re partaking in one of the cruelest and frankly unnecessary industries around.The IFF advert carried the tagline ‘Furnow and Forever’, but the reality is that the fur industry is in decline. Brands are responding to public pressure to provide ethical faux alternatives- a demand that the fur industry simply cannot cater for. Fur is never ethical, and it no longer has a place in fashion. To quote Marco Bizzarri, CEO of Gucci, it’s not ‘modern’.So why British Vogue, has a fur advertisement made it into your glossy pages in 2018?The decision is particularly confusing since British Vogue does not promote fur products editorially. Speaking to The Guardian in 2009, Alexandra Shulman said that British Vogue ‘broadly speaking’ doesn’t feature fur. ‘However, there is an element of common sense to my policy on this which dictates that since we are there to report on fashion trends, if those trends include fur we will, for instance, show catwalk images that include fur.’However, their policy on advertising does not seem to work on the same codes. A spokesperson for the magazine spoke out in the backlash against new editor Edward Enninful and the IFF advert:‘Vogue’s policy has not changed. From an advertising perspective, it has always been the commercial policy to accept fur advertisements as long as they strictly respect British and European Union legislation. Vogue may make reference to fur editorially as a trend if it is being featured on the catwalk.’It seems as though the magazine is happy to turn a blind eye when it comes down to advertising. And while the final decision on advertisements is probably out of Edward Enninful’s hands, it betrays a tone deaf and out-dated attitude to fashion on the part of the brand. The backlash could easily have been predicted, and we can only hope that British Vogue learn from their mistakes and reconsider their advertising policies.Follow Annie Simon on Twitter: @annieasimonThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Queen’s bra-fitter, Rigby & Peller, has been stripped of its royal warrant. The luxury lingerie brand held the warrant for the last 57 years but lost if following the release of the brand’s owners tell-all memoir.June Kenton’s autobiography, Storm in D-Cup, goes into detail about bra-fittings with the Queen, Princess Diana and Princess Margaret. In her book she discusses how the Queen would come to the appointment with her corgis and how Princess Diana would request posters of lingerie models for William and Harry. ‘It is very sad for me that they didn’t like it and I’m finding that very difficult to accept. It’s horrible and a real shock. I never ever thought when I was writing the book that it would upset anyone. I’ve had the royal warrant for so long I never imagined that this would happen,’ Kenton told The Telegraph. ‘I have never discussed anything of a personal nature with any of my clients, and I never would. The book doesn’t contain anything naughty,’ she continued. Kenton reportedly received a letter from the Lord Chamberlain last year confirming that the luxury brand would have its royal warrant removed following the book. Rigby & Peller will now have to remove the royal coat of arms from any promotional material and shop signs© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To celebrate a decade in the industry, Victoria Beckham is bringing her catwalk show home to London. This September Beckham will show her SS19 collection in the capital as part of a year of 10th birthday celebrations. A first in the brand’s history, since launching her eponymous line in 2008 Beckham has previously always shown her new collections in New York. Also on the agenda for this milestone birthday are limited-edition pieces, special events and a change to the February show.For the launch of the AW18 collection in February, Beckham won’t stage a big catwalk show but instead will focus on ‘intimate presentations’ held at the James Burden Mansion on Manhattan’s Upper East Side - the same method used by the designer when she first started out.Victoria Beckham's changing style2of13The Beckham family moved back to London from LA in 2014 when David retired from professional football. The same year Victoria Beckham opened her first shop in the city. The three-storey flagship store was designed by architect Farshid Moussavi with the 6,000 sq ft space in the style of an art gallery. Victoria Beckham last appeared at London Fashion Week in 2000 when she walked as a model in the Maria Grachvogel show.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As much as we obsess over classic kicks, like Nike's all white Air Max's and adidas's Stan Smiths, there is something undeniably exciting about a new pair of shiny limited edition sneakers. Move aside Converse's glittering JW Anderson collaboration and Reebok's fuzzy Local Heroes trainers as there's a new set of gloriously girlish Vans that we think you need to see. And, dare we say it, are designed to be Instagrammed!Last autumn the skate brand collaborated with Opening Ceremony on a limited release satin collection. The shiny range spoke to the ballet trend that's been emerging on the catwalks and the street. While an unlikely textile for trainers, this bunhead fabric has become a popular choice for high-end labels looking to dip their toes in the athleisure arena. It started with Fenty by Rihanna who debuted a pastel pair of satin sneakers that sold out quicker than you can blink. However, this wasn't the end of the trend as these were closely followed by Stuart Weitzman, Jill Sander, Miu Miu, Superga, Nike and Zara's own versions.Read More: You Need To See These Velvet Trainers Read More: You Need To See These Velvet Trainers 2of9Building on the success of their OC collab, Vans is back with a new Satin Lux pack. The collection refashions their classic Old Skool and Authentic styles in silky light-reflective satin. The range comes in four colours with the rose gold and pewter silver styles particularly catching our eye.While the original all-white trainer isn't going anywhere and the dad trainer's trend isn't budging, this is a breath of fresh air for anyone fancying something different. With fashion week just weeks away, we predict these will be popping up in street style shots across the globe.The collection starts at £70 and is currently available from Foot Asylum.Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Athleisure, the comfiest of fashion trends—the one that laughs in the face of the old notion that fashion is pain— is going nowhere (thank goodness). So, rejoice in the knowledge that you can continue to be both slouchy and stylish in trackies and t shirts in SS18. And just a heads up, adidas can hook you up with an athleisure wardrobe in the coolest shades of primary block colours.Adidas Originals are reviving their rainbow-hued franchise adicolor, and honestly, it looks like a 70s dream.Taking inspiration from their past collections adidas have dipped into their archives to curate a colourful and playful revival of their classic 70s styles. It’s the adidas you’ve always loved in the fresh new colours you’re going to love.The collection moves past gender binaries to focus on colour and style, and the result is a gender-neutral campaign that we can really get excited about. See unisex shorts, and t shirts that can be worn as dresses or tops.Available in four colours: Bluebird, Fairway Green, Scarlet Red, and Sun Yellow, the block colour tracksuit is what you’ll want to live in when the collection drops.The Sun Yellow shade is particularly gorgeous and with matching shorts, bum bags, and coats on offer, we’re ready to kit ourselves out in top to toe sunshine.As for footwear, the Originals in pale green (and yellow, and blue) are guaranteed to be our go-to shoes for the summer.The adicolor collection will be available globally on 18 January at **adidas.com/adicoloradidas.com/adicolor. Liked this. You might also be interested in: 13 Belt Bags That Will Make You Rethink Bumbags Forever12 Pieces of Gym Wear At Every Price Point So You Have No Excuse Not To Work Out3 Ways To Wear Socks and Heels Without Looking Try HardFollow Annie Simon on Twitter: @annieasimonThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even the words ‘maternity wear’ sounds frumpy. For most women, it’s the moment in their lives when their personal style is bumped to its limits. They have to contend with not just their life and body transforming, but their wardrobe too.Luckily, a new school of blooming mommy bloggers have been leading the way in pregnancy fashion. In quick succession, Leandra Medine, Chiara Ferragni, Pandora Sykes, Angela Scanlon and Katherine Ormerod announced their pregnancies late last year. Already hailed for their sense of style these five have been forging a new sartorial path for mothers-to-be.‘Being pregnant brings] a very different personal style. It’s a lot of skinny trousers with oversized shirts or big jumpers, bodycon dresses and stretch skirts. I maintain my personal style from before with great coats and big earrings, but otherwise, it’s changed a lot as my body is so different and I don’t want to spend a lot of money or energy on my style!’ Pandora Sykes told [Refinery29.Sykes is not alone in retraining her style formula for pregnancy by making slight tweaks rather than overhauling her whole wardrobe. Leandra Medine, for instance, has sought out the same brands she has always been loyal but now styles them with more boxy jackets and tailored trousers.Conversely, Katherine Ormerod and Angela Scanlon have found new formulas and stuck to them. Freelance writer Ormerod has introduced tailored maxi dresses and sturdy boots into her roster and balanced them out with statement jackets. While Scanlon has opted for mannish shirts and dungarees that leave room for her bump to grow.'I’ve also gone a bit nuts on accessories. Lots of giant earrings, hats, scarves etc! If you can’t dress your waist dress your face' explains Scanlon. 'It’s all about the silhouette and that was a challenge but actually a welcome one. I realise I had become really set on how I dressed, I wore a uniform and clothes had become very functional. Being pregnant meant I had to relook at what worked for me because that familiar old style just didn’t make sense anymore. I feel more passionate about fashion now than I have in donkies which is...odd!'''Id say being pregnant, like most women, has made me shop a lot less, and I’m also much more choosy and price conscious about what I'm buying,' explains Ormerod, 'What I've done is invest in properly fitting body con options from Isabella Oliver - a coupe of tube dresses and turtlenecks which I use as the canvas for accessories and non-pregnancy pieces like oversized coats and jackets. I've bought some fun, inexpensive things along the way from ASOS Maternity (I live in black dungarees) and H&M, and Ive continued to wear a few things from my wardrobe including some Ganni empire line dresses, See by Chloe flow tops and stretch knits. 'By focusing on kimono jackers, ballet style cardigans and roomy coats I've been able to keep that bit of fashion relevance going - but it is NOT easy, especially if you don’t fancy spending hundred of pounds on things that might only fit you for a few weeks.'‘The end of 2017 and early 2018 is all about the Blogger Baby Boom. It’s no joke,’ said Emilie Tabor, founder and chief marketing officer at IMA, an influencer marketing agency to WWD, ‘These influencers all of a sudden are announcing through their blogs [and social media] that they’re pregnant.’ Cynically Women’s Wear Dail and Tabor are suggesting that this sudden wave of pregnancies will open up new career doors to these influencers. These five have risen to the top of the fashion set, now is their opportunity to conquer the lucrative mommy blogger world too.‘It’s hard to say what actual motherhood will bring for my trajectory as an influencer so to speak,’ Medine told WWD. ‘And I don’t know how I will or won’t change following birth, but I can’t see myself abandoning a lot of my core interests because I’m a mother.’Will Medine and her fellow pregnant influencers maximise this growing mommy audience as Tabor predicts, who can say. But, we do know that is that these influencers are shifting the needle of maternity wearCredit: Instagram/Leandra MedineGrazia Mommy Bloggers1of20© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gucci has opened its very own pasta restaurant in Florence, Italy. As we know, Gucci does not do things by halves, and this pasta joint will be anything but ordinary.Gucci Garden, the brand’s new concept store, will serve up Michelin-starred pasta by famed chef Massimo Bottura. Known for his work at the three-Michelin-star restaurant Osteria Francescana, the Modena spot has regularly made the top five at The World's 50 Best Restaurants Awards. Located in the Gucci Museo, the space is housed in the ancient Palazzo della Mercanzia which dates back to 1337.Unlike other restaurants opened by fashion designers, Gucci Garden will also showcase clothing, art, video installation, accessories and heirlooms from the storied fashion house. Downstairs there will be an intimate 50-seat restaurant called the Gucci Osteria. For his high fashion venture, Bottura has created an entirely new menu. Featuring iconic Italian classics with a twist, highlights include Parmigiano Reggiano tortellini, pork buns and mushroom risotto. Additionally there will be a bazaar-like retail space selling one-of-a-kind pieces designed exclusively for Gucci Garden. Entry to the Gucci fashion emporium will set you back 8 euros, half of which will go towards supporting restoration projects around the city of FlorenceCredit: Getty Erin O'Connor Best Dressed Gucci 2017 2of13Erin O'Connor Elle Fanning wearing Tiffany & Co. Flo Morrisey Ella Purnell Bel Powley Pixie Geldof Quentin Jones Georgia May Jagger Alexa Chung Soko Salma Hayek Susie LauTigerlily Taylor READ MORE: Gucci Goes Fur-Free READ MORE: Gucci Is Officially The Hottest Fashion Brand In The World Right NowREAD MORE: Gucci's Next Campaign Will Feature Only Black Models © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When working within the confines of a high street budget, Monki makes life a lot more exciting. For Zara and Topshop fans it will feed your trend addiction but, like other Scandinavian stores, such as Cos and & Other Stories, its basics selection is just as appealing. Each season they broaden our palette to include a shade we’d never consider, such as lime green or milky pink and inspire us to exercise our styling nous with inventive shapes and styles. Get inspired now with these 11 items that are sure to add a little oomph to your January wardrobe slump.Like this? You might also be interested in...Rihanna’s Newest Fenty Beauty Lipstick Shade Is Very RelatableHow The Cool Girls Are Wearing Corduroy6 Ways To Wear Blue Eyeshadow IRL Without Looking Like You Fell Out Of 2002Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...New year, new you and also a new Zara collection! January is all about fresh starts and new beginnings, so what better way to put your best foot forward for the year ahead than in some brand spanking new shoes?2018 is a year of several firsts for me. My best friend and I are publishing our first ever book, I’m starting a new role and attempting to cut out booze for a full month - something that seemed preposterous this time last year. So in the spirit of all things new, I’m experimenting with Zara’s latest collection and wearing a few things I never thought I could - with a surprisingly stylish outcome:Seeing the massive patterned jumper, leopard print skirt and pointed thigh highs laid out next to each other was slightly intimidating at first - it kind of looked as though they'd been paired by accident in some sort of shopping bag collision. But once on, the skirt was a lot less scary than the Mel B print would suggest, even with the big ol' jumper on top. Quite cute and Gemma Cairney-ish. A lewk. Zara, Round Neck Jacquard Sweater , £29.99; Zara, Animal Print Midi Skirt, £29.99; Zara, Leather High Heeled Boots, £169 I am pretty much up for anything as long as I gt to wear pyjamas, so was looking forward to putting this on. As much as I liked this in theory, it was quite low cut meaning I had to wear this superfluous albeit pretty pink polo underneath in order to make sure I didn't take someone's eye out. As for the shoes, they certainly took the party from the bedroom to the streets.Zara, Velvet Jumpsuit, £15.99Like the jumpsuit, this jacket was marred by fashion's current vendetta against anyone above a C cup (stop making everything backless, strapless and down to the navel! We cannot all go braless!). I did manage to shoehorn myself into it, but it looks far more striking when done up to the top which simply wasn't possible for me. So, dear D-cup friends size up. Same for the sheer shirt below - gorgeous but a bit too booby for even me. The trousers fit like a glove though!Zara, Checked Blazer With Back Buckle, £39.99; Zara, Tulle Top, £5.99Absolutely loved the whole 'lady in red' thing going on here. The boots were bliss in shoe form - perfect heel height, chunky and comfortable. Loved the polo neck, which was fitted but not tight, and the leggings that made me look semi #thicc which was a pleasant side effect.Zara, Cropped Jacquard Trousers, £15.99As you can probably already tell, I'm a bit of a sucker for oversized jumpers (I leave the house in those massive men's tees and joggers whenever feasibly possible) so this striped, knitted number was very much up my street. The velvet trousers were a decent length and comfy, which is a huge bonus in my book.Zara, Striped Sweater With Bow, £29.99; (Similar) Zara, Velvet Culottes, £15.99This saucy-wood-nymph-from-a-Dutch-fable dress is very stylish. And, very short - but in a cheeky, Carry On sort of way. The sleeves are especially epic, with really lovely, detailed embroidery at the elbows. These killer boots (literally killer - I had a heartbeat in my toes after wearing them for too long) make it a lot more dressy and provide some needed leg coverage in this God-awful weather. It may be a little bit cold for this outfit, but it's a look very much inspired by the mantra of the great Tyra Banks; 'hoe but make it fashun'. And in the words of the even greater Cardi B - 'a hoe never gets cold'.Zara, Embroidered Velvet Dress, £19.99; Zara, Leather High Heeled Boots, £169 Like this? You might also be interested in...We Try On The Best Pyjamas From M&S So You Don't Have ToFelicity Hayward Tries On Plus Size Sportswear To See How It Really FitsGrace Victory: The Best Denim For Girls Size 18 And UpFollow Yomi on Twitter @yomiadegokeThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A quick glance at Paloma Wool’s Instagram account and you’ll understand why this Spanish label is prime influencer fodder. Their school of art-inspired wearable fashion is not only very reasonably priced but looks like nothing you’ll ever find on the British high street. Based out of Barcelona, it’s the brainchild of Paloma Lanna Santaolalla, a jet-setting creative who calls on artists and ceramicists to help create a world of design that’s stretches from pottery to jewellery, accessories to hand-embroidered knits. Get to know the label NOW.Like this? You might also be interested in...9 Pairs Of Velvet Trainers To Lust After13 Belt Bags That Will Make You Rethink Bumbags Forever12 Pieces Of Gym Wear At Every Price Point So You Have No Excuse Not To Work OutFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In the last 15 years, the fashion industry has fostered a throwaway culture with trends routinely changing every six months without a second thought for the environment. The result is a waste crisis that is verging on catastrophic. Each year an estimated 300,000 tonnes of clothing is thrown into landfills by the UK alone. Adding to this, a recent survey (by Weight Watchers) estimated that £10 billion worth of apparel owned by UK shoppers is going unworn. With our climate at a tipping point, one Hong Kong-based NGO has taken on the mammoth task of changing the way we consume, not by telling us and lecturing the consumer but by tackling the problem from inside out.When Christina Dean founded the charity Redress 11 years ago, she says the industry was the ‘wild west’. Nobody was talking about the impact consumption and China’s industrialisation was having on the environment, and nobody cared to listen. Now over a decade later, Dean’s NGO is at the forefront of the fight to make the industry more sustainable.‘If you look at it from a business perspective there are harsh realities to consider,’ Dean states matter-of-factly. ‘We’ve got a growing population and limited planetary resource. An industry like fashion is heavily reliant on natural resources, and at the same time, we have competition for these resources from other industries. We have too much competition for too few resources, so fashion leaders need to source more sustainably, they need to make their supply chains more sustainable, and they have to reduce energy, carbon, water. It is a black and white resource limitation and any CEO that doesn’t realise that honestly doesn’t deserve their title.’ Being realistic, as the world’s population continues to soar, land availability will be dedicated to the necessities, like food. For fashion to be relevant in 40 years’ time, it needs to wise up to this.Redress’ method is multi-pronged and begins at the point before production, which much like with tech, beauty and countless other high-waste yielding fields, has long been opaque, shrouded in an air of ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’.‘It’s very difficult to tell a manufacturer that they must do this and must do that, as they just look at you like “who the hell are you?”’ Dean explains why they’ve side-lined educating the apparel factories on sustainable best practice and headed straight to the designer’s conceptualising the apparel. ‘Manufacturers are in a very difficult situation because the brand which is squeezed by the consumer squeezes them on the price. Honestly, it is an economic problem as the manufacturer has not been given the money they need to do the job properly.’ Though the factories aren’t their main focus, Redress has educational programs for the manufacturers and educate burgeoning designers through factory visits on sustainable methods.The lion share of Redress’ problem-solving initiative is a contest that targets new designers who are still impressionable and willing to be educated on how a circular economy functions. ‘Research suggests that 80% of the environmental impact of a product is laid down at the design stage in a designer’s mind. The designer influence is huge, whether it’s at Stella [McCartney] or H&M.’ Dean rationalizes that it's these people who are‘key change-makers in the entire apparel chain, because they decide the colour, the shape, the quality, the trimmings, the supply chain, where it’s made, who makes it, what’s the price point and what’s its recyclability is’. As the old marketing adage goes, catch them young, you’ve got them for life.The annual Redress Design Award launched in 2006 as Redress’ way of galvanising these up-and-coming creatives. It's open to contestants around the world and gives them a global platform at Hong Kong fashion week to showcase their sustainable designs. Whether they win or not they get access to educational programs, digital learning material and production support. It’s similar in many ways to Shanghai Fashion Week’s Sustainable Fashion Award, which is supported by luxury house Kering.The most recent winner is Brit-based Kate Morris. Her colourful and zany knitwear earned her the top Redress Design Award prize.Not only do Redress attack the industry from inside, but they’ve brought to market a post-purchase scheme that recycles the debris of fast fashion. In conjunction with Zara, they have a ‘take back program’ in Asia. ‘We collect the clothes that the consumers drop off in store, sort and redistribute it as we don’t want any clothes to go to waste’, Dean says. While this works on a local level, Dean admits scalability is an issue. H&M who have a similar program work around this by recycling the collected clothes to create fibres for their own production. But, until someone who can find a technical solution to recycle post-consumer fibres, which can be a mixture of polyester, cotton, spandex and the like, and create a new fabric that functions and pass chemical tests, this recycling can only go so far. ‘Forgive the vulgar analogy but, if you look at paper, it’s easy to recycle paper into recycled toilet paper that you can wipe your ass with because it’s quite a basic product. But when you are looking at clothing it’s not as simple.’Just yesterday, Dean launched a new platform, called R Collective, which brings the two strands of Redress together harmoniously. It’s a new website that functions as your run-of-the-mill e-commerce platform, but actually sells up-cycled clothes designed in-house by the NGO and their Redress Design Award winner. The first collection is sleek and tailored and stocked in Lane Crawford and Barneys New York.Like we would use ‘April showers’, there’s a seasonal phrase uttered in China called ‘airpocalypse’. It was first coined in Beijing in 2012 as a response to the thick, toxic smog that half a billion people live with because of manufacturing. Not only is it causing respiratory problems but coupled with the 2.5 billion tonnes of polluted wastewater produced annually by industrialisation, it’s poisoning food and causing water scandals. It’s been calculated that Chinese factories make 33.7 per cent of America’s clothing, making the country an epicentre of global manufacturing. And, even though many factories are outsourcing production to India and Africa, it was seeing the impact in China that led Dean to start the charity in fact.Before founding Redress Christina was a trained dentist working as a journalist. After moving to Hong Kong, she had a ‘lightbulb moment’ while cycling through the hinder land of China. ‘I saw the scale of the industry at large and when I say industry I don’t just mean fashion and textiles, I mean all industry and how savage it is on the planet. For me it was looking at the reality that we are all on this planet, we’re a growing population, we are all consuming, the middle class is growing, we all think we have the right to consume and perhaps we do but how does that carry on in a way that doesn’t break the world?’Just five years ago she had a second shockwave moment when she realised her work is far from done. ‘I was in a landfill in Hong Kong shooting a story for several hours with a TV crew about waste rates and the daily scene of the landfill. As it was in a developed city it was well organised, which meant I had this three-hour epiphany watching all these dumpster trucks continuously dumping trash into a landfill. This is a complete dead end in terms of resources utilisation. All the resources that went into every piece of trash is completely dead.’For her, the first moment was about the scale of the industry and the second was about consumer habits. She found herself asking, ‘how do we continue to consume and how do we consume better?’, she thought, ‘there needs to be a way to be sustainable that is really palatable, inspiring, that’s comfortable for the consumer’s lifestyle.’It was around this time that Dean realised that even if she can change the industry just a little, it’s better to do that than not at all. At my asking whether big business are utilising her know-how for ‘greenwashing’ her unswayable positivity stood unchanged. ‘I am either extremely naïve or very optimistic, but I think greenwashing is a thing of the past’ she insists. ‘If you rewound 10 or 11 years ago it was rampant, it was smacking you in the face all the time. Now the world has become a lot more educated, thank goodness. I don’t think that greenwashing is prevalent anymore because I know so many people working in the supply chain who are very genuinely working with the biggest companies to make elements greener. I see the sincerity at the back end, and I just don’t think its greenwashing. The fashion industry is enormously fragmented, the supply chains are mind-bogglingly vast and the business is complicated so you can’t expect a company to radically change all its sourcing overnight. It's a drip process, so I would still salute the company that made one radical eco handbag without chromium in the leather or whatever it is. I would still salute that because what they have done is they’ve tried a new material, they have tried a new process, they have brought it to the market and then if the consumer will support it then it will scale’.There’s no doubt that it’s time to get onboard with Dean’s vision of the future of manufacturing, not least because she says, ‘anyone who doesn’t take sustainable fashion seriously is dosey.Like this? You might also be interested in...Can You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion?Ethical And Affordable Fashion Labels You Need To KnowCan We Actually Afford To Shop ‘Ethically’?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The early 2000’s was the era of indie music, skinny jeans so tight they cut off your blood circulation (yes, really) and bad hair choices. Along with crimping and chunky highlights, the one we hope never rears its head again was the same style that marred our yearbooks and prom photos: the fauxhawk.I have a theory about why this baby-hair showcasing look came into being. The ‘do reached critical mass between 2002 and 2005 at around the same time boys with guitars and the ability to swell a mosh pit ruled the chart. The demographic that embraced the ‘hawk was most likely those sweating it out at those gigs and in need of tying-back their Kate Moss-inspired thick fringes.Travel down a rabbit hole of nostalgia with these six examples of the ludicrous fake mohawk.Badass Bait Shop bartender Alex Kelly (played by Olivia Wilde) was the definition of cool in The OC. But, then again that was 2004.Here we have an example of the time-pushed classic: the clip-back-and-go ‘hawk. With no backcombing required this put the humble hair slide’s durance to the test. Zero points for height, high praise for wearability.Transferring her philosophy about gold hoops to her hair, Mutya preached a maximalism mantra.Between 2002 and 2009 you were more likely to meet a unicorn than see Gwen Stefani without red lipstick, a ponytail and a mammoth fake Mohican.Where other’s love of the fauxhawk waned, Kelly Osbourne’s did not. Even as recently as 2016 Kelly has been seen spotted sporting the high rise of a ‘hawk. Kudos for loyalty at the very least.Like this? You might also be interested in...Flashback Friday To Will & Grace's Wtf WardrobeFlashback Friday: Celebrity Crimes Against EyebrowsFlashback Friday To Girls' Aloud's Truly Terrible Early Noughties WardrobeFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Topshop has just released their spring/summer 18 lookbook, and it’s safe to say we now know what we’ll be wearing this season. It’s a veritable checklist of prints and colours to lust after. From the graphic ‘70s style floral wallpaper print to the dresses that overdose on polka dots and a standout lemon mac, it makes the complex maximalist trends that ruled the catwalks instantly palatable.Since last year a burgeoning ‘80s aesthetic has been staging a comeback. On the runways of Jacquemus, Tom Ford and Gucci the eccentric decade got an airing with dynasty-worthy hair, zany colour-clashes and ballsy polka dots. In keeping with its raison d'etre, Topshop has translated this trend into something infinitely wearable.Debrief Spring Summer 2018 Fashion Trends 2of8Also hooking onto the tartan trend of the season (as seen at Burberry, Balancing and Fendi) the high street favourite fashioned a paper-bag skirt and lightweight jacket out of clashing plaids. Not satisfied with tantalising us on only the mainstream look for spring, they’ve tapped into a niche runway trend: a-symmetric mules. Both Y/Projects and Yeezy through this curveball concept at us for spring, which sees a single big toe exposed and clasped by a leather strap. As doubtful as we were about this look catching on, now we’ve seen Topshop’s white block-heeled version we sold, hook, line, and sinker.It’s not just the clothes we’re hooked on. For the model’s frizzy curls and tangerine lips are equally enticing. Best of all, they don’t cost a penny. While we wait for the new collection to drop in stores, introduce this fizzy new shade to your beauty routine and be set up for spring.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Topshop has just released their spring/summer 18 lookbook, and it’s safe to say we now know what we’ll be wearing this season. It’s a veritable checklist of prints and colours to lust after. From the graphic ‘70s style floral wallpaper print to the dresses that overdose on polka dots and a standout lemon mac, it makes the complex maximalist trends that ruled the catwalks instantly palatable.Since last year a burgeoning ‘80s aesthetic has been staging a comeback. On the runways of Jacquemus, Tom Ford and Gucci the eccentric decade got an airing with dynasty-worthy hair, zany colour-clashes and ballsy polka dots. In keeping with its raison d'etre, Topper’s has translated this trend into something infinitely wearable.Debrief Spring Summer 2018 Fashion Trends 2of8Also hooking onto the tartan trend of the season (as seen at Burberry, Balancing and Fendi) the high street favourite fashioned a paper-bag skirt and lightweight jacket out of clashing plaids. Not satisfied with tantalising us on only the mainstream look for spring, they’ve tapped into a niche runway trend: a-symmetric mules. Both Y/Projects and Yeezy through this curveball concept at us for spring, which sees a single big toe exposed and clasped by a leather strap. As doubtful as we were about this look catching on, now we’ve seen Topshop’s white block-heeled version we sold, hook, line, and sinker.It’s not just the clothes we’re hooked on. For the model’s frizzy curls and tangerine lips are equally enticing. Best of all, they don’t cost a penny. While we wait for the new collection to drop in stores, introduce this fizzy new shade to your beauty routine and be set up for spring.Like this? You might also be interested in...Dear Debrief...Which Next Season Trends Should I Snap Up In The Sales?11 Zara Pieces That Our December Wardrobes Needs StatWhat's So Wrong With Co-Ordinated Best-Friend DressingFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since Karl Lagerfeld cast his ‘bodyguard’ Sebastein Jondeau in a Chanel campaign back in 2014, the internet has been justifiably obsessed with the designer’s most chiselled member of staff. The handsome Frenchman (and former boxer) has now turned his hand to design, helping to curate a capsule line for his boss’s eponymous brand, Karl Lagerfeld. The news emerged as Lagerfeld heads to the Pitti Uomo trade show in Florence next week, with his personal-assistant-turned-collaborator in tow. The Karl Lagerfeld Curated by Sebastien Jondeau collection will feature everything your fashionable security personnel needs: from James Bond-esque tuxedos to sporty sweatshirts, leather shearling jackets to cashmere knits. Speaking exclusively to WWD, Jondeau said: ‘It’s everything I like to wear, like an ideal version of my wardrobe. My style is very urban, yet it can also be quite strict — strict and chic, since I can go from wearing sweats and a pair of Jordans to a three-piece suit. I was thrilled to be given this opportunity. Who would have thought that a personal assistant, or bodyguard, or whatever you want to call me, would ever get to work on a collection?’ Jondeau started his career with Lagerfeld way back in 1997, when he met him while working for an art-moving company (we can only speculate on which of Lagerfeld’s impressively vast collection he was lugging into a van for him…) at the tender age of 15. He was promoted from bodyguard to personal assistant, and now oversees Lagerfeld’s private staff. Now he’s got his sights set on more design work, telling WWD: ‘I’d like to see how people react to the line — then I can start talking about that kind of thing. Maybe not a Sébastien Jondeau brand, but if I have the opportunity to design for another brand, or to continue for the Karl Lagerfeld brand, I would love to because it’s fun and it’s opening up a new world to me.READ MORE: Karl Lagerfeld’s Most Outrageous Quotes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When we first heard that our beloved Topshop was launching a bridal collection of wedding and bridesmaid dresses last April, we were understandably elated. After all, the average cost of a wedding dress is in the region of £832, which is outrageous considering it’s something you often only wear once.Now, we’ve got even better news for any brides-to-be: there are some pieces from the first collection now on sale online. There are seven different styles still currently on the Topshop website, with prices slashed by almost 50% on some looks. Catering to very different brides (and indeed bridesmaids), there’s the off-the-shoulder Bardot style, which features delicate tie straps and lace layers, the ivory mini-dress with high-neck and long lace sleeves, and the slinky maxi in blush pink. Some are even priced as low as £50, making for the perfect bridesmaid dress.Click through the gallery to shop the Topshop Bride sale now…Was £165, Now £100, TopshopTopshop Bridal Sale2of6Was £165, Now £100, TopshopWas £425, Now £250, TopshopWas £450, Now £275, TopshopWas £85, Now £50, TopshopWas £395, Now £250, TopshopWas £795,Now £500, Topshop© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even though magazines in 2017 were the most diverse, they have ever been the battle is still far from being won. One London-based Hungarian-born model, Diana Siroki, 21, is using her own ‘plus-size’ body to incite change.Pointing a finger at preconceived ideas of beauty fostered by fashion marketers and advertising, Siroki recreated an iconic image of Gigi Hadid where she posed naked in a pair of silken sock boots for a Stuart Weitzman campaign. She captioned the photograph, which was taken by her collaborator Karizza, 'I was just wondering how a Model My Size would look on this'.‘Some have skinny shamed her, and some have fat shamed me, but I made it clear to them in my comments that I think we are both beautiful and it's not a competition,’ Diana told Metro.Mirroring the Californian model’s pose wasn’t Siroki’s first experience at refashioning a known-image of a celebrated beauty. Previously, she posed like Kim Kardashian for a side-by-side image of the two of them both in white swimsuits. That time, she wrote ‘we are both women with different bodies’ and received over 35,000 Likes for the image.Main Image photo_karizzaLike this? You might also be interested in...Body Positivity's Got A Dark SideIs The Popularity Of Body Positivity Its Ultimate Downfall?In The Quest For Body Positivity, Can We At Least Be PositiveFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even though magazines in 2017 were the most diverse, they have ever been the battle is still far from being won. One London-based Hungarian-born model, Diana Siroki, 21, is using her own ‘plus-size’ body to incite change. I was just wondering how a Model My Size would look on this 📸 @photo_karizzaA post shared by  D I A N A (@dianasirokai) on Dec 23, 2017 at 12:35pm PSTPointing a finger at preconceived ideas of beauty fostered by fashion marketers and advertising, Siroki recreated an iconic image of Gigi Hadid where she posed naked in a pair of silken sock boots for a Stuart Weitzman campaign. She captioned the photograph, which was taken by her collaborator Karizza, 'I was just wondering how a Model My Size would look on this'.‘Some have skinny shamed her, and some have fat shamed me, but I made it clear to them in my comments that I think we are both beautiful and it's not a competition,’ Diana told Metro. WE ARE BOTH WOMEN with DIFFERENT BODIES ❤️ #Slay. @photo_karizzaA post shared by  D I A N A (@dianasirokai) on Sep 14, 2017 at 2:02pm PDTMirroring the Californian model’s pose wasn’t Siroki’s first experience at refashioning a known-image of a celebrated beauty. Previously, she posed like Kim Kardashian for a side-by-side image of the two of them both in white swimsuits. That time, she wrote ‘we are both women with different bodies’ and received over 35,000 Likes for the image.Main Image **photo_karizzaphoto_karizza© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’ve ever been a bridesmaid, you’ll know the very specific anxiety that comes around just before you find out what your soon-to-be-wed friend has chosen for you to wear on their big day. After all, bridesmaids’ dresses tend to get a bad rep, particularly when you consider that asking a group of women of different body shapes, heights and colourings to wear the same dress is optimistic at best, cruel at worst.Now, we an assuage some of the worry you might be experiencing if you’re set to be a bridesmaid this year, as we know exactly what colour you’ll be wearing already. (Probably). According to Wedding Wire, Pantone’s ‘Nostalgia Rose’ will be the hue of choice for most weddings in 2018. A dusty pink shade not a million miles away from millennial pink, it’s a colour that cropped up on catwalks throughout the past season, hence its newfound popularity in the bridal market.The bad news is that it won’t suit everyone, unfortunately (so far, so typically bridesmaid-esque…). According to Leatrice Eiseman, the author of More Alive With Colour and the executive director of the Pantone Colour Institute, the blush-toned shade works best on ‘neutral’-toned people, with a mix of blonde and brown hair plus hazel eyes and an indeterminate skin tone that is neither warm (golden) or cool (bluish).And if you think you’ve seen a lot of bridesmaids wearing dusty pink over the last year, you’re right: it was also the most popular choice for 2017, according to stats from Pinterest.Personally, we’re big fans of the new trend for letting bridesmaids choose their own dresses – a la Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen at their friend Cassie Coane’s nuptials in July – while sticking to a colour palette like pastels, of course.Click through the gallery below to see our favourite celebrity bridesmaids...The rather unrecognisable Kendall and Kylie Jenner, broke the ultimate wedding taboo in white, for older sibling Kim’s nuptials to Kris Humphries back in August 2011.The Very Best of Celebrity Bridesmaids2of23The rather unrecognisable Kendall and Kylie Jenner, broke the ultimate wedding taboo in white, for older sibling Kim’s nuptials to Kris Humphries back in August 2011.Taylor made her debut as bridesmaid for the oldest member of her squad, Britany Maack, her BFF since birth. As expected, Taylor took her bridal duties seriously, making the necessary calls to get hold of the bride’s dream dress from Reem Acra.It was the photo that launched her career. Before her modelling debut, Lottie Moss posed as boho bridesmaid for half-sister Kate Moss’s wedding to Jamie Hince back in July 2011.They say never to upstage the bride. Yet Pippa Middleton (well, her behind to be precise) stole the global media limelight, when she walked older sister Kate down the aisle on 29 April 2011.We can’t imagine fashion’s most talked about twins like being told what to wear. Yet the pair, perhaps reluctantly, donned white bridesmaid’s dresses and beach waves, for a friend’s Mexican wedding back in 2007.By far the coolest bridesmaids we’ve ever seen- Georgia May Jagger and older sister Elizabeth, attended model mum Jerry Hall’s nuptials to Rupert Murdoch in Vivienne Westwood earlier this year. Rihanna led a gaggle of bridesmaids decked in purple to the altar, as she watched close friend and assistant Jennifer Morales, get wed in Honolulu, Hawaii back in August 2015.After her role as bitchy bridesmaid Helen, you’d think twice about asking her to be at your wedding. Yet thankfully Rose took the real thing seriously for best friend Krew Boylan’s Australian nuptials back in 2012. In co-ordinating custom Chanel, Cara followed older sister Poppy down the aisle as she married James Cook at St Paul's Church in Kensington in 2014. The wedding was a strictly gram-free event yet the pair made up for it with a second A-List bash in Marrakesh. Our favourite Girls star Lena Dunham, wore lilac for her best friend of 28 years Isabel Bramlette Halley’s Midsummer’s Night Dream themed nuptials in 2014.As the eldest of the Hiltons, it’s surprising that Paris curbed the attention to give younger sister Nicky the chance to shine for her nuptials in London on July 10, 2015.Kate Bosworth wasn’t afraid to break wedding etiquette as she wore a black number to her friend’s Sydney wedding in 2008.It was the most talked about wedding since the Royals. The Kardashian clang made a repeat appearance as bridesmaids, this time for Kim’s wedding to Kanye West. The sisters wore white full length gowns alongside daughter North, for the Parisian nuptials on 10 May 2014. Never one to blend in, Lady Gaga was almost unrecognisable for her friend’s New Orleans-based wedding bash in March 2015.Beyonce and sister Solange, joined former Destiny’s Child bandmate Kelly Rowland, as bridesmaids for mum Tina Knowles’s yacht wedding to Richard Lawson in April 2015.   Remember when Sofia Vergana married Joe Manganiello last year? Well, Sofia opted against the traditional brigade of bridesmaids yet this didn’t stop her from being one for close friend Chi Biu on June 27, 2015.Much to our disappointment, Mila Kunis recently wed Ashton Kutcher in secret. Yet she did happily step in to the public eye as bridesmaid for her brother Michael back in 2013.Jennifer Lawrence joined ten fellow bridesmaids in ivory J Crew gowns as her brother Blaine wed Carson Massler in 2014.Maggie Gyllenhaal swapped the traditional bridesmaid gown for Hawaiian attire at her dad’s wedding in 2011 alongside actor brother, Jake.Jessica Biel attended friend Beverley Mitchell’s Italian nuptials in 2008 with wedding date and now-husband, Justin Timberlake.The former Hills star Lauren Conrad joined her fellow castmates as bridesmaid for Maura McManus’s wedding to David Oehm in 2014.Eva Longaria was asked to be bridesmaid for friend Alina Peralta at their Spanish nuptials back in 2015. The Scream Queens star, Emma Roberts, played Maid of Honour for designer BFF Kara Smith, in November 2015.READ MORE: The Rise Of The 'Megamoon'READ MORE: These Are The Biggest Wedding Trends According To Pinterest© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If ever was there a time to start reading those insipid motivational quotes on Pinterest it would be now. I think we can all agree the beginning of January is dire - it’s cold, grey and a long way until payday - so the only thing to do is stock-up on mood-boosting endorphins.While the machinations of the fitness industry hit critical mass at the beginning of the new year, it’s worth noting that if you don’t exercise and you refuse to diet the world will not end. Fact. After all, no one gets FOMO from skipping a gym sesh. But, you might feel brighter and lighter after a bout of stretching and sweating.If you do fancy starting 2018 with a clear mind, then gee yourself up by investing in a new gym kit. Whether you make a small investment (under £15) or a big one (under £200), at the very least these pieces are so cute you’ll want to work out, just for the compliments alone.Like this? You might also be interested in...Rihanna’s Newest Fenty Beauty Lipstick Shade Is Very Relatable And It Transformed The Way I Think About ExerciseWe Try On The Best Pyjamas From M&S So You Don't Have To6 Ways To Wear Blue Eyeshadow Irl Without Looking Like You Fell Out Of 2002Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christmas may be but a distant memory, but there is one great thing to look forward to in January: awards season, and more specifically, the red carpet looks. Every year we tune in to the Golden Globes, Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Oscars to see what our favourite A-listers are wearing, with top marks going to those stars who opt for up-and-coming designers instead of the more reliable go-to fashion houses. With many actresses debuting new looks and trialling new designers in the run up to the most photographed events of the year, we’ve already got an inkling about who they might wear. Here are the five designers who should be on every A-list stylist’s hit-list this January…This one's a no-brainer. Since launching his eponymous line with his celebrated autumn/winter 2017 collection, Michael Halpern has been responsible for the fashion world's renewed love of sequins. Offering an injection of sparkle as an antidote to increasingly depressing headlines in 2017, his brand took off, with celebrities including Adwoa Aboah, Claire Foy and Lupita Nyong'o wearing his signature Studio 54 sequin party dresses. Perfect for dazzling on the red carpet, we'd love to see Emma Stone in one of his hybrid asymmetrical dresses. When you've cut your teeth at Oscar de la Renta, chances are you'll know how to create a dream red carpet gown. Such is the case for Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia, whose brand Monse has been a cult-favourite with discerning celebrities since before it even debuted at New York Fashion Week in September 2015. The then little-known label was plucked from obscurity by Sarah Jessica Parker to design her Met Gala dress in 2016, while Selena Gomez chose them to dress her on tour the same year. Since then, Brie Larson, Daisy Ridley and Amal Clooney have all worn their designs, which are known for being both fun and fashion-forward: case in point was Ridley's Star Wars-themed dress, which featured navy sequins, white star embellishment and a tasselled skirt. We're calling it: this is the year that Molly Goddard goes stratospheric. Already well on her way to becoming a household name thanks to the support of none other than Rihanna, who wore her pastel-hued frilly dresses on countless occasions in 2017 and has a knack for igniting the careers of designers (hello, Marques Almeida), we think 2018 is set to be the year that Goddard goes global. With her light-hearted, unashamedly girly aesthetic – think tulle party dresses in lilac, acid yellow and millennial pink – her designs are perfect for a glitzy awards season bash. After all, is there anything better to be wearing while celebrating (or commiserating) surrounded by your peers than a dress that says 'I'm just here to have fun'? Ever since Jennifer Lawrence chose one of its slinky silk dresses for the Met Ball after party in 2016, Galvan has been a go-to brand for some of Hollywood's most stylish women, including Sienna Miller, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and even Kylie Jenner. Indeed, the simple slip dresses are so popular, stars have been known to – shock horror – actually pay for them, which proves how well-made and event-appropriate they are. Will this be the year we finally see Galvan on the red carpet at the Oscars? We can but dream. Chances are you've seen cult-label-t0-know Vampire's Wife's designs without realising it. Remember that one dress that was omnipresent on your Instagram feed this past party season? The high-neck, below-the-knee design, often in velvet, that was worn by Alexa Chung, Dakota Johnson and Keira Knightley? The universally flattering one that seemingly tall, short, curvy or slim girls can pull off? That's Vampire's Wife. The brainchild of Susie Cave, the achingly gothic-cool wife of Australian singer Nick, the brand has picked up steam in recent months after quietly launching in 2014 to dress Susie's A-list pals, including Daisy Lowe, Kate Moss and Florence Welch, and we're expecting big things from it this awards season as Brits cross the pond for the Golden Globes, Oscars and SAG awards. READ MORE: 40 Of The Best Ever Dresses On The Golden Globes Red CarpetREAD MORE: Rose McGowan Is Not Behind The Black Dress Protest At The Golden Globes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As it turns out, your first ever tweet can be prophetic. For Victoria Beckham's inaugural statement she pronounced that the ‘Airport is my runway!!!’. Still living by the idiom, she jetted into Miami for New Year’ Eve in a trendsetting ensemble that we’re certain will be copied endlessly in 2018.After spending the festive break in the frigid English countryside, Beckham, along with her family, arrived in Florida’s sunny clime’s still layered up for winter’s chill. Beneath her navy topcoat was this Beckham’s favourite new denim style: vintage cuffed jeans.This isn’t the first time that Victoria has picked turned-up denim for jet-setting. While she wore the style with a white tee and architectural maroon heels for her most recent trip abroad, she debuted a similar pair back in October during a stop-over in New York city. Previously, she arrived in the Big Apple wearing a black polo neck with a pair of leather boots tucked beneath the straight-leg cuffed jean. In the process, she proved that she holds her travel outfit to the same chic standard as her daily routine. No sweats, leggings or onesie's here.Just shy of 5ft 4in it's possible that Victoria's recent penchant for cuffed trousers might be a response to practicality and the annoying reality of off-the-rack denim always being excessively long. Whether rolled or turned with an exaggerated cuff, this is certainly a simple way of avoiding re-hemming too long trousers. But, we prefer to think of this as the introduction of a new leg-lengthening silhouette.Lately, the designer has used her wardrobe to reexamine basics. Introducing a white t-shirt here, boxfresh trainers there or closing her recent fashion week show in a pair of true blue jeans, this Beckham shows that the foundations of a wardrobe are just as important as the statement pieces.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While you cheers your nth glass of prosecco and link arms for a slurred rendition of Auld Lang Syne just know that the sequin dress you picked out for New Year’s Eve was the correct choice. As December turns into January and we wave goodbye to a stinking awful year be happy in the knowledge that tonight, there is no such thing as to much glitter. Between KiraKira+, the Instagram add-in that garnishes all images with sparkles, and Saint Laurent’s sell-out £6,000 rhinestoned boots ’tis the moment to dress up.Once the refrain of the festive season alone, the sparkle of sequins is spilling into spring, which makes the 31st of December the optimum moment for dripping in twinkles.Ever since Pat McGrath first debuted her Labs make-up line back in 2015 with packaging almost as covetable as the contents itself, a burgeoning then for sequins began. The range in question came embedding in a vacuum packet bag filled with hundreds, if not thousands, of individual sequins. From then on brands have been half-heartedly copying the leading make-up artist’s range while industry watchdogs Diet_Prada have been avidly making note and calling out the dupes. In 2017, women are not shopping @victoriassecret the way they used to. They're still offering padded bras, airbrushing, and ill-advised "tribal" runway looks to a world of women who are increasingly questioning the status quo. Another new strategy - knocking off the mythical goddess @patmcgrathreal and her instantly iconic makeup packaging. Hey VS - the way to win women back is DEFINITELY not by copying them. #patmcgrath #original #patmcgrathlabs #skinfetish #gold001 #victoriassecret #vs #vsangels #knockoff #copycat #packaging #makeup #makeupartist #sequins #hologram #highlighter #makeupmonday #christmas #christmasornament #beautygram #sephoragirls #motd #makeupjunkie #dietpradaA post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Dec 4, 2017 at 9:28am PSTThe autumn/winter 17 collections were festooned with the glint of glitter. Emilia Wickstead and Rochas debuted full-length sequin gowns, Isabel Marant showed glittering trouser, Gucci introduced a bejewelled face-mask, and Saint Laurent launched a thousand copy-cats with those slouching bedazzled silver boots.By the time the spring/summer 18 shows came along last September you’d think designers would have tired of this embellishment, but the razzmatazz marched on. In New York, Victoria Beckham set the world alight with so-called ‘Dorothy’ shoes while Tom Ford set the spring trend in motion with an opulent ruffled dress with glimmering sleeves. In London, Ashish, Halpern and Emilia Wicksted embodied the trend with flamboyant sparkles. By the time fashion month hit Italy Gucci was ready with shimmering paillettes. Meanwhile, Versace showcased the house’s iconic prints on crystallised bodysuits. All in all, it looks like sequins have a fighting chance to replace florals for spring. Now, that’s actually groundbreaking.It’s been ten years since Cos entered the British market. When it launched in the middle of a recession designer labels were deemed gauche, and the minimalism of Céline inspired a hoard of copy-cat labels. Though the economy may still be in a fragile state, the fashion pendulum has swung away from understated design and in its place first came comfort, normcore and athleisure before an embrace of maximalism. ‘It was more of a catwalk trend, commercially that more-is-more look was translated through mismatched prints, embroidery everywhere and fabrics like sequins, lurex, metallic finishes.’ explains Director of Retail and Buying at trend-spotting agency WGSN Sara Maggioni. Casual shoes for grocery shopping 🛒🍇A post shared by  BROTHER VELLIES (@brothervellies) on Dec 12, 2017 at 8:58am PSTThe arbitrary boundary between ‘day’ and ‘night’ no longer exists for sequins. Forget that the sun is shining as bright of your dress for glitter has been elevated. Maggioni thinks, 'the popularity of hi-lo styling where fancy fabrics are increasingly used within a casualwear context, so you see the likes of sequins a lot more than before and throughout the season, not only for party drops. The blurring of genres and the cross-pollination of categories that has been gaining momentum has resulted in sequins, velvets and metallics being styled with jeans and tracksuit bottoms, so fancy fabrics and finishes like sequins are key to elevate the array of casualwear and streetwear that has been dominating the stores. People have become more familiar with that mix-and-match, smart casual aesthetic.’ PRIDE 🌈 #PRIDEA post shared by  The Gay Beards (@thegaybeards) on Jun 1, 2017 at 1:07pm PDTCelebrity stylists also appear to be on the same sartorial wavelength as more and more A-listers are being spotted dripping in sequins. Adwoa Aboah attended the annual Fashion Awards ceremony in a micro mini-dress by Halpern, a label which Diane Kruger and Amal Clooney have also been spotted in. But, they aren’t alone as Cate Blanchett, Beyonce, Margot Robbie and Joan Smalls have all opted for this glitzy effect recently.Culturally speaking, the zeitgeist has caught on. The Smithsonian is currently conserving Judy Garland’s glittering slippers from The Wizard of Oz after a viral crowd-funded campaign. Meanwhile, the men behind Instagram account @Thegaybeards made headlines with their glitter-dipped facial hair over the summer have found thousands of fans with their tutorial videos on Youtube.While New Year’s Eve might be the perfect occasion for experimenting with sequins, known that the trend has yet to hit critical mass. At this moment, we have until at least the end of summer '18 to tire of this level of fabulousness.Like this? You might also be interested in...'Sequins Are Sexy' The King Of Sparkle Ashish Has SpokenS Club 7’s ‘Never Had A Dream Come True’ Sums Up Everything We Imagine Winter Should BeSequins Or Sweatpants: What's Your Christmas Day StyleFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If the various highs and corresponding lows of my late adolescence could be distilled into an item of clothing, I know exactly the form it would take: deliberately faded florals (yellow, red and green on a blue backdrop), the hemline slightly too short, the sleeves a little ruched and the neck a precarious V. I’m talking, of course, about the elusive pansy print dress from Kate Moss’s first collaboration for Topshop, as seen on Alexa Chung, Mossy herself and – to this day – hundreds of eBay listings.In the mid-Noughties, the idea that a model might turn designer was a new one. That a model might lend their cachet to a mid-priced high street brand rather than, say, a big-name fashion house was unprecedented: this was before Jourdan Dunn for Missguided, before Alexa had us battling for trench coats in M&S, and before Heidi Klum inexplicably launched a line for Lidl. So, when one evil genius (read: Sir Philip Green) gave Kate Moss the go-ahead to re-fashion – and, in some cases, almost directly recreate – her greatest wardrobe hits for Toppers, the resulting collection was a game-changer, covetable but, crucially, affordable. This was 2007, after all, when we all wanted to dress like, look like and BE Mossy. The woman was single-handedly responsible for the rash of waistcoats – each one equally reminiscent of a magician at a suburban kids’ party – that sullied the British high street in the same year.There’s no question that Kate – the best possible advert for her own designs – was a marketing coup. Remember that photocall at Topshop Oxford Circus, with Mossy striking a pose in a red column dress alongside mannequins dressed in her collection? But unlike the swathes of copy-cat collaborations that Kate’s range inspired, this one never felt like too much of a shameless cash-in because – regardless of Mossy’s name on the label – the clothes themselves were instantly memorable.Mixing the model’s signature brand of ‘I-woke-up-in-this’ boho with more delicate, vintage-inspired tea dresses and blouses, this was effortless cool before that particular market was cornered by the French girls of Instagram. And if you did want to make an effort, albeit in last night’s eyeliner, sneaking-outside-for-a-fag sort of way, the eveningwear could transform you into a guest at Kate’s own Beautiful and the Damned-themed 30th with sequins, flapper dresses, bias cuts and intricate beading.Thanks to a combination of clever design and Kate’s star power, the best pieces sold out in moments. That particularly elusive pansy print dress evaded me for nearly four years: first in the initial drop, then the online re-stock, and when I later trawled through every branch of Topshop in the North West (Mum, I’m so sorry). After months of sporadically stalking eBay, making then un-making resolutions to hand over obscene amounts of cash in its pursuit, my decisive moment came when the dress reappeared in Kate’s final collection, which resurrected a handful of the most popular styles from seasons past.Though that particular item became the crux of my Mossy obsession, there were plenty of others: the blue bandeau dress in an Art-Deco poppy print from the Liberty archives, the striped ‘50s sundress that I’ve worn every summer since 2008, the asymmetrically-sleeved tulle dress (Kate’s is yellow, mine’s in black) and the daisy print blouse with puffball sleeves that, on reflection, probably made me look more like Lady Diana Spencer.Personal nostalgia aside, these designs have had undeniable staying power. You only need to type Kate Moss Topshop into eBay’s search bar to see clothes from ten years ago with triple-figure price tags (my Moss mini-archive is probably the closest I’ll get to a viable pension) and today’s ‘it’ brands aren’t immune to Kate’s allure, either. Rixo’s extravagantly printed maxis have shades of her more overtly boho designs, while Realisation Par’s influencer-approved styles are surely close cousins of Kate’s poppy print wrap dresses. Here’s to never complaining, never explaining and hemlines that are slightly too short.Kate was wearing La La Land yellow when La La Land was just a figment of Damien Chazelle's colourful imagination.1920s references abounded in Kate's Topshop collection, each of which seemed to feature a flapper-esque showstopper gown like this one.We like to think of this as either a more wearable version of the transparent slip that Kate wore on a night out with Naomi in the '90s, or as the glamorous evil twin of her Galliano wedding dress.Kudos to Kate for managing to make a ditzy print tea dress into the must-have piece of 2007; ten years on, we'd still wear it…Definitive proof that Mossy is a fashion visionary: she was channelling the dancing lady emoji a good five years before said lady burst into the popular consciousness.Like this? You might also be interested in...I Tried On Clothes From Kate Moss’ Favourite Shop Reserved8 Absolutely Fabulous Kate Moss Cameos You’ve ForgottenIt's Kate Moss's Birthday! To Celebrate, Here Are Lots Of Pictures Of Her Being Excellent At Fancy DressFollow Katie on Instagram @katierosseinskyThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If there is one thing you shouldn’t wear on New Year’s Eve it has got to be painful footwear. No matter what the dress code is, a long night of dancing requires absolute comfort. Nothing more, nothing less. Luckily, this season the kitten heel is the one comeback trend we couldn’t be happier to see. Not only does it lift the derriere like a higher silhouette, but it looks interesting and architectural without the pain and sore soles that come with stilettos. After the rise of Birkenstocks, flatforms and ugly trainers, it’s no wonder we’re turning back to low-heels again. And, I’m for one just happy it comes in time for the 31st of December! When the ball drops and the fireworks are sparked ensure you’re blister-free with one of these 14 stunning styles…© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is the thought of the Boxing Day sales exciting you? You’re not the only one. Though we’ve barely gotten over our Christmas hangover, there’s no time for dawdling as there are discounts to take advantage of.‘I think sales are really tricky’ editor and influencer Katherine Ormerod confides, ‘If you know you have a problem with impulse control it’s best to keep a wide berth. But if you can be strategic you really can elevate your wardrobe beyond your budget.’To make the most of the markdowns Katherine likes to start by looking at what she’s already wearing. ‘I try and look for upgrades of pieces that I already own - so if I’ve worn a Uniqlo wool crew neck to death, I’ll look for a designer version in the sale.’ But she’s strict with herself when it comes to the upgrades. ‘[I] always keep in mind the final price - I don’t drop £200 willy-nilly, so just because it used to be £800 doesn’t really matter. Think about what it will go with in your wardrobe'. She recommends testing yourself by creating there outfits spanning day to night at a minimum in which the piece will seamlessly slip in before heading to the tills.Spring/Summer 2018 Trends To Look Out For In The SalesDebrief Spring Summer 2018 Fashion Trends 2of8Director of Retail and Buying at trend-spotting agency WGSN Sara Maggioni has three-pointers for attacking the sales. Firstly if ‘you have your eyes on something that you really want and you know that it most probably going to sell fast but for some reason hasn’t sold at full price go on the first day of the sales because it’s going to go.’ Sara reasons that if you like the item then most likely it’s been pictured on social media or photographed in editorials, which means it’s what’s called a ‘press piece’, something that is bought in relatively small volumes. This may be as it’s more expensive and the brand needs to swallow the cost of this comparatively pricey piece by selling more low-cost items to accommodate it.‘However, if it’s something a little directional that has been in store for a while, then you can probably get it for a better price towards the end of the sales.’ Play the waiting game and watch that discount roll in.When it comes to a classic item, like a designer handbag, you make be advised to skip the sales altogether. ‘For more timeless, core items, just buy it at full price at the beginning of the season to make the most of it’ Sara thinks. This is something Katherine firmly echoes, adding: ‘I generally steer clear of handbags in the sales - the good ones never make it in and actually your favourite style in lilac isn’t exactly practical, so don’t get tempted just because it’s dipped below the £500 mark. £500 for a lilac bag is not a bargain. It’s a serious extravagance.’So there you’ve got it: buy what you already know you like, don’t overspend on impulse and skip the timeless items altogether.Here’s an illustrated guide of next seasons trends to look out for while shopping the sales...The High: Marc Jacobs, Crystal-Embellished Ruffled Organza Blouse, £735, Net-A-PorterThe Low: Sister Jane Drapey Blouse In Satin, £48, ASOSThe High: Victoria Beckham, Tartan Wool-Twill Blazer, £1695, Net-A-PorterThe Low: H&M, Checked Shirt, £12.99The High: Calvin Klein 205W39NYC, Floral Print Midi Dress With Transparent Overlayer, £1349, Net-A-PorterThe Low: Jaded London, Festival Transparent Jacket With Neon Zip, £85The High: Esteban Cortazar, Corset Knit Top, £436.04, ForwardThe Low: Topshop, Slinky Square Neck Body by Boutique, £30The High: ALEXACHUNG, Oversized Denim Jacket, £330, Net-A-PorterThe Low: Levi's, Original Trucker, £85The High: Valentino, Stud Stitching Mini Shoulder Bag, £370The Low: Eastpak Couple ed Pink Springer Bum Bag, £22The High: No21, Embroidered Lace Skirt, £588, StylebopThe Low: River Island, Black Sequin Floral Embroidered Pencil Skirt, £25The High: Wanda Nylon, Oversized Coated Trench Coat, £1,100, Matchesfashion.comThe Low: Zara, Trench Coat With Removable Hood, £89.99Like this? You might also be interested in...Dear Debrief...Which Next Season Trends Should I Snap Up In The Sales?Fashion Awards: Who Won, What They Wore And Who Had The Most Glorious Make-UpDear Debrief...Where Can I Buy Clip-On Earrings If I'm Too Old For Claire’s?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The richness of velvet has manifested itself in many different variations this season, from quirky Rixo dresses to statement-making to Gucci belt bags, but the one that has caught our eye is something ironic. The trend for velvet trainers just doesn’t make sense. Sneakers are meant for sports and comfort, the grandness of tufted velvet is not. In fact, it’s much more common as a home-furnishing textile than an athletic accent. However, here we are with nine deliciously decadent kicks to lust after. Rihanna's Fenty Puma line was the first to ignite our interest, but it seems all our favourite footwear labels are now at it. It’s undeniable, they add a sophisticated air to any outfit, even if they are still a pair of trainers.Like this? You might also be interested in...These Pictures Show How Small 'Sample Size' Clothes Really AreAll The Lies We Tell Ourselves About Holiday Dressing11 Items That Prove Hebe Makes The Best Suits For WomenFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you think about it, the amount of capital New Year's Eve decisions require from your brain far outweighs the likelihood of enjoyment. Perhaps, the balance got skewed at around the same time Group Chats got invented. Now one evening's plan requires a battalion of people and several hundred message dings to sort out. There is one element, however, we can decide by ourselves...our outfit. And there is only one obvious and adult answer to what to wear on New Year's Eve: a long-sleeved dress.Let your friends fret about which restaurant to book and whose house is least likely to be damaged if a party were to take place while you hunt out the perfect long-sleeved party dress. Because, as the song famously goes, 'Baby, it's cold outside' and any other frock options aren't just ludicrously impractical but should be immediately ruled out, unless, of course, you fancy wearing your coat all night.If you find yourself at a bar and all your friends decide to have a quick, sneaky fag, do you want to be the shivering drunk woman outside or the one in the long-queue for the cloakroom? If you find yourself perched on a hilltop watching fireworks do you want to be thinking more about your goosebumps than the glittering light show up above? NYE may always be a bit of a let-down but what you wear really doesn't have to be. In fact, it can be the making of the night. Naturally, there has never been a better night to wear a sequin-encrusted frock or a pair of ridiculousy jazzy shoes. Got to town on the glitz, just don't wake up the next day with a hangover and a cold.So without further ado, here is Grazia's favourite long-sleeved New Year's Eve dresses...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since temp worker Nicola Thorp, a receptionist at PriceWaterhouseCoopers, was sent home from work for not wearing heels I’ve had a tumultuous relationship with the shoe myself. Even though Thorp has gone on to bag a part in Coronation Street and successfully draw attention to the sexism that’s rife in the City, the concept of heels has left a bad taste in my mouth. Coupled with the fact that over the last few years fashion has shifted dramatically towards athletism and comfort, this style of footwear has been easy to ignore.However, slowly but surely ludicrously impractical footwear has found its way back. The ugly shoe trend that rose the ranks to haute couture standing, courtesy of Céline, Prada and Chanel, is having its watershed moment. Birkenstocks and Crocs are no more uncomfortable than kitten heels; just nobody talks about it. The excessive expenditure of sneakers for purely fashion’s sake is no less vain than investing in a wedge. Quelle surp, like all trends, when the pendulum of fashion swings away it will almost certainly swing back at some point. And, that point is this winter.This season, footwear isn’t an afterthought. The trends that came out of the autumn/winter 17 shows started foot first. Saint Laurent’s epic eighties disco boots, Off-White's tulle-wrapped pumps and Gucci’s raised cowboy boots were a visual validation of the heel’s return.More idiosyncratic than before, the humble heel now comes tilted, bent or in a geometric shape. Designers have let their creativity loose and reconfigured them into surreal and distinctive new shapes. Soft spandex sock shoes with knife-point heels were debuted at Vetements and Yeezy. Thick rubber soles held chunky boots aloft at Louis Vuitton and Coach. Go-go boots with tiny princess heels were the order of the day at Miu Miu, Chanel and Gucci. Translucent crystals and perspex cages elevated Dries Van Noten and Marni’s pumps. With enough pomp to rival Marie Antoinette’s dressing room, Mary Katrantzou and Céline showcased the little-known ‘fluevog’ heel for winter. Initially, its sumptuous curved silhouette looks preposterous, but the reality is it’s sturdy and every inch a scene-stealer.But really, the heels comeback moment came at the hands of Cardi B who shot to number one while spitting about her love of Louboutins. ‘It’s a status symbol that the masses can relate to’, the rapper’s stylist Kollin Carter explained in an interview with Billboard. But, it’s more than just a status symbol. Type the word shoe into your phone, what comes up? A red stiletto. If this isn’t a vertiginous sign that it's a design classic, I’m not sure what will convince you.I understand the argument for abandoning this style of footwear. They aren’t practical. They cause blisters. They are designed by and to please men. But, I feel elegant and put-together in them. At just 5ft 2inches my stature isn’t what anyone would deem mighty. But, with a pair of heels on my feet I suddenly enter the world at eye-level. The groceries I can never normally reach are within grasp. My stature changes. Renee Engeln, a professor of psychology at Northwestern University told the New York Times that they are designed ‘to lengthen your legs and change the way your shape looks from behind. That’s not accidental.’ Echoing this, Valerie Steele, the director and chief curator of the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology, explained, ‘High heels are the number-one sartorial symbol of erotic femininity, and that’s not changing anytime soon’. They are the final flourish that adds interest and excitement to even the dullest of ensembles.Attire is commonly mistaken for self-expression, which means it's something that can then be wielded as a chalice of judgement. Wearing flats or the ‘ugly’ shoe trend makes me no less a feminist, in fact, it’s got nothing to do with it. My principals are not related to my footwear. Those that perceive my feminist credentials to be weakened by the decision to wear heels need to have a stern look at the reason they are appraising women in the first place. My love for heels is back, and I won't let anyone judge me for it.Like this? You might also be interested in...The Death Of The High Heel13 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyHigh Heels To Wear If You Don't Like High HeelFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Argos is an institution. It’s as British as the Queen and as reliable as Trump tweeting something stupid and offensive before the year is out. It’s iconic, a beacon of commerce that’s outlasted HMV and Woolworths (RIP Woolies). In part, its resilience and retail fortunes have to do with its catalogues. Like a wonder of the modern world, they tantalise with high-tech electronics, state-of-the-art gizmos and, of course, toys. Looking back, the catalogues from years gone by are like unspoiled time capsules that transport us back to a simpler time. Reflecting on the the 1999 Argos tome, it’s like reading back through our (still unfulfilled) childhood Christmas list. Remember easy bake ovens? And, Baby Borns? Take a walk through memory lane and see what your younger self yearned for…Credit: RetroMashWhat says a young girl constrained by the gendering of their sex than a desperate desire to be the sole proprietor of a kitchen tool.Credit: RetroMashSO high-tech for 1999.Credit: RetroMashYou knew you were a cool kid when you had this series before the school library did.Credit: RetroMashIn the woke light of 2017, it's likely that this would be perceived as cultural appropriation :/Credit: RetroMashNever trust a child that makes their own ice.Credit: RetroMashOn reflection, what was possibly fun about having a doll that constantly needed feeding and then and weed everywhere?Credit: RetroMashOn reflection, it makes sense why our parents wouldn't buy us a portable radio, because really what self-respecting adult can listen to B*Witched blaring at top volume all hours of the day?Credit: RetroMashMaking sleepovers better since 1999.Credit: RetroMashFact: Polly Pocket had a nicer house than anything available on Help To BuyCredit: RetroMashMore advanced than an electronic Disney game, less hardcore than a PlayStation. Otherwise, known as the dream.Credit: RetroMashIt's super creepy for a child to have a bigger make-up collection than me, a 28-year-old beauty editor.Credit: RetroMashWho else learnt basic arithmetic on one of these fake tills?Seriously, what was more fun than a doll that could also be used as a weapon?Credit: RetroMashWhen we were young enough to be fooled into thinking that learning could be fun as long as it came with an electronic accessory.All images courtesy of Retro MashLike this? You might also be interested in...Rihanna’s Newest Fenty Beauty Lipstick Shade Is Very RelatableHow The Cool Girls Are Wearing Corduroy6 Ways To Wear Blue Eyeshadow IRL Without Looking Like You Fell Out Of 2002Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re living in the age of personality. Aesthetic ‘perfection’ used to be what drove engagement on Instagram but, these days, what people are responding to – and more deeply connected with – is authenticity and diversity. They want to be shown something real, not just the highlights.Of all the different cultural categories, fashion probably has the most potential to be overly produced and filter-ised, but designers, models and stylists have beome some of the most original voices on Instagram. Model Ashley Graham is a great example of the power of being herself. Of course, she’ll post super-glam shots, but she’ll also put up a picture where she’s wearing a bikini with the caption ‘Nope, I’m not going to hide my cellulite.’ When you show all sides of your life, it’s compelling.In 2017 you can’t not take a stand, not have an opinion and a voice about global and human rights. If all you post is pretty avocado toast shots, people will look elsewhere for a feed that speaks to their real lives, concerns and passions. Fashion has risen to the challenge of this time by making statements. Think about Maria Grazia Chiuri’s ‘We Should All be Feminists’ campaign for Dior or Prabal Gurung’s activist-inspired ready to wear collection or Adwoa Aboah’s female empowerment project Gurls Talk, or vlogger Jake Jamie’s #makeupisgenderless campaign.And, beyond individuals, brands are using Instagram to provide incredible transparency through behind-the-scenes access. This means a girl from a small town outside Leeds can see Fernando Garcia and Laura Kim from Oscar de la Renta making one of the A/W ’18 runway dresses. Instagram has ended up being a very real, diverse place to pursue your interests, learn about the world and find a community.When I was a kid, there weren’t a lot of people that looked like me in the fashion culture. It was literally Christie Brinkley, Christy Turlington, all the beautiful Christys! It felt like there was only one kind of beauty and I remember thinking, where are the people who look like me? But now, you can be in Tokyo and find someone who has the same interests as you in Tulsa. Part of my responsibility on Instagram is that I will talk about the fact that I’m a firstgeneration American, a child of Chinese immigrants – the response I get from sharing those moments is so meaningful.Honestly, designers, brands and culture curators can’t get away with not representing the world accurately because people will call them out. It’s a reckoning. The brands that are making huge strides in diversity, whether it be Ashish’s multicultural catwalk or L’Oréal’s #YoursTruly campaign, are getting a bigger global response because fashion lovers want to engage and support them.That feeling of community and connection is what makes Instagram special. I was talking to the actress Yara Shahidi recently about how much #naturalhair means to her and how it unites a lot of the girls and women that follow her. It makes me think about how if, in my teen years, Instagram had existed, I would have been a lot more of a confident person earlier on.We all have a role. If you have a platform, whether that’s 50, 5,000 or 5 million followers, it’s your responsibility to have a voice – you can effect change by being brave and bold, celebrating diversity, holding people accountable and, most importantly, having an opinion.READ MORE: Dior Has A New Feminist T-Shirt For SpringREAD MORE: Ashley Graham: 'I Was Told Skinny Equals Success'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s that time of year where we look back on the last 12 months in the fashion and beauty industries and try to decide how much progress has been made – how much closer the fashion world is to reflecting real life (and the fact that we live in the 21st Century) than it was 365 days ago. Last week, theFashionSpot its diversity report looking at how far we’ve come in the past year and revealed that 32.5 per cent of top international fashion publications featured people of cover – an improvement of 3.5 percentage points on 2016, although the increase itself has slowed down year on year. The report also revealed that only 1 percent of magazine covers last year featured models or celebrities who were a (American) size 12 or above. This is a 0.1 percent improvement year on year.End of year report? Some progress, but not enough. Could do seriously better.And as we reflect on another year in fashion, it’s also a good time to consider what happens in 2018. This week we teamed up with Grazia magazine and Instagram to discuss the issues around diversity in the fashion industry. Alongside me on the panel were fashion blogger Freddie Harrel and Mariah Idrissi, model and authority on modest fashion. Both women spoke passionately about how the industry’s lack of diversity has impacted them in the past, and the steps they’re taking personally to tackle the issue. The event was co-chaired Grazia editor Natasha Pearlman and Eva Chen, Instagram’s head of fashion partnerships owner of a cool 800,000 Instagram followers and some v. famous feet (check out her Insta feed if you have no idea what I’m talking about). I caught up with her after the event to ask, why do so many brands keep getting it wrong?‘That’s the question for the ages,’ she says. ‘When you hear about campaigns where they will hire women of colour only to put them next to someone not of colour and say like brighten your skin – it’s 2017! The people who work for these companies just need to walk around High Street, like Oxford Street, like that is your customer. The size, the shape, the colour, the gender diversity, and just remember that.’It sounds simple, yet so many people persist in getting it wrong. Only a couple of weeks ago website wish.com faced controversy when they released an advert for their plus-size tights featuring a slim model pulling the tights right up over her body. And when they did? They were eviscerated on social media.This is why Eva believes Instagram can be a powerful tool for promoting diversity, both in terms of giving people a platform to call out brands, but also in terms of discovery – brands can’t use ignorance as an excuse any more.‘The amazing thing about Instagram again is that a community of 800 million people, its diverse, there are models and influencers on there of every colour, every belief it is all represented and I think the people who might sign off on these things, they might not be on these platforms, they might not see that what gets the likes is not a very narrow point of view, it’s that inclusion and people want to feel like they are that part of something bigger and when you do something negative or when you do something that is too narrow that exclusionist kind of mentality it’s not cool anymore, it’s not about the mean girls that can’t sit with us, what’s cool right now is that everyone’s got a seat at the table.’Eva singles out Kering – the parent company to brands including Gucci and Balenciaga as an organisation that faced accusations around a lack of diversity head on and took proactive steps to tackle the issue.‘They publicly made a declaration that they are not going to cast models who are like… who are not of age and that they are making a commitment to diversity. And so, when companies do I do feel like for a brand like Gucci, when they take public steps and you makestatements and you really stand by your words, so that it’s not tokenism, that you will see the results in your bottom line, when people feel included you’ll see the results in the bottom line, and I think that’s why on Instagram and off Instagram you have to vote with your wallet, and you have to vote with your spending power’There’s been a lot of talk in the last couple of years about our social media bubbles – where our social feeds create an echo chamber of positive affirmation, leading us to believe that everyone thinks exactly the same way as we do. Our social media bubbles have been blamed for our failure to predict everything from Brexit and Donald Trump’s election to Jeremy Corbyn’s unexpected resurgence during the general election. Does this sort of bubble stand in the way of true diversity on social media? We just see, like and follow the people who are like us don’t we?Eva disagrees. ‘You can certainly pick or chose who you want to follow but if you only want to expose yourself to a certain kind of person or certain kind of lifestyle or something, I don’t know that that’s possible on Instagram just because there are 800 million people and because of the explorer page which is visited by 100 million people every day.’In fact, Eva believes that this range of voices is Instagram’s strength. ‘This range of voices is exactly I think that that’s what make Instagram a beautiful place is the diversity of opinion, is the diversity of voice, and now-a- days if you love fashion and, you know you follow Vogue or Grazia or whoever you’re following, its impossible not to see people representing different paths of life and I think that’s why Instagram has always resonated with me.’‘So, when people say like oh well… there are people that want to live in a bubble, but I think Instagram should be experienced bubble-free and it’s almost impossible to stay in a bubble.’Discovering new talent, new voices, new faces has never been easier for brands, and they’re fast running out of excuses for not diversity front of centre of everything they do. And it’s not just the brands – Eva believes that every element of the industry needs to get involved if there’s going to be real change afoot in 2018.’The agencies have to make a more asserted effort. I hate hearing that well we just can’t find you know more models of colour. Like really?’And what message would she give to those sections of the industry that still aren’t getting it? ‘You just have to work a little harder, you have to do more, you have to try harder.Liked this? You might also be interested in: Wondering What On Earth Instagram Stories Is? Here's How To Use It Meet The Instagram Poets  Is This The Secret To Getting More Likes On Instagram?This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Considering how long fashion brand Telfar has been operating, it’s surprising it's still pigeonholed as emerging. Since 2005 New York-based Telfar Clemens has been redefining the meaning of unisex clothing. In the concrete, this means fashioning new silhouettes, creating items that defy simple definitions and holding a mirror up to the absurdity of the industry. So, it’s only with a touch of irony that the label won the equivalent of a fashion Oscar, CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund award, earlier this year and have since been hailed the ‘fashion insider’ brand to know.Telfar Clemens. He skipped fashion school, studied business and formed a brand that survived a tough recession, throughout this, he has championed aesthetics and attitudes that are now exerting influence on the world at large.In the hands of Telfar, trends are a laughable concept something that are never followed, only written about as a reaction to the label’s work. The man himself describes his clothes as ‘horizontal, democratic, universal’ and uses them as an opportunity to explore and twist our understanding of nudes and neutrals. While the concept sounds complex, the reality is gender-unspecified basics, like shorts, t-shirts, sweaters and sweatpants, with cut-outs or cropped sleeves and elongated bodies. Familiar items are elevated from the every day in creative new ways. Collars are sewn on backwards, sleeves detach, and logos are cut-out to let the model’s skin act as the emblem. Almost sold out ❗️ 💯proceeds go to bail minors off Rikers Island Shop.telfar.net [linkinbio] @rfkhumanrights @whitecastleA post shared by @ telfarglobal on Oct 18, 2017 at 9:23am PDTIt’s a one-two punch as not only is the aesthetic inventive but the brand’s principals lie in the right place. Clemens recently created a capsule collection of unisex-unforms with fast-food joint White Castle for their 10,000 team members. And, then they sold it to the hungry public too before giving all profits to the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Liberty and Justice fund to pay bail for minors held on Rikers Island. An Ode To (2017) | in @telfarglobal. Giving it life. ⚡️ @saintrecords @guggenheim @haleywollens #solange #tricolorA post shared by @ telfarglobal on May 20, 2017 at 10:04am PDTSolange called on Telfar to outfit her dancers and herself in earth-toned costumes for a one-off multi-sensory dance performance of A Seat At The Table at the Guggenheim Museum. Where all other attendees wore white, Solange and her performers wore a-symmetric jersey tops and leggings. It’s not just the famous Knowles that’s booked, but Tinashe, Kelela and Selah Marley too.Black Shopping Bag, £119Like this? You might also be interested in...Rihanna’s Newest Fenty Beauty Lipstick Shade Is Very RelatableHow The Cool Girls Are Wearing Corduroy6 Ways To Wear Blue Eyeshadow IRL Without Looking Like You Fell Out Of 2002Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Finding the perfect wedding dress can be a mammoth task, especially if your search has a limited budget. Luckily, in recent years the high street has begun offering elegant options that will suit both unconventional and traditional brides.Whistles was at the forefront of this movement, offering contemporary options for every variety of nuptials. After debuting a collection of seven limited edition bridal options last summer, the brand has decided to widen the choice for brides next year with a new set of styles due to drop in store and online in January.Proving affordable gowns don’t skimp on details or delicacy, Whistles will be offering brides ten new designs. Crafted out of silk, lace, organza jacquard and embroidered tulle, every type of bride is catered for. Choices include a sleek slip dress, a jumpsuit, a mid-length pleated dress and a dramatic backless gown. Hidden details like detachable trains, scalloped edges and boning ensure that each piece feels extra special for the bride’s big day.To accompany the bride in question are several options for bridesmaids. Available in three colourways they are designed to complement, not overshadow, the couple’s sartorial choices and be mix-and-matched. The bridal party can choose from a silk slip dress, an elegant tie back maxi dress, a ruffle detailed dress and a jumpsuit.The complete collection will be available to purchase at the beginning of next year (end of January) with the items for sale on the retailer’s website and in the London flagship store in Covent Garden from January. Prices begin at £169 for a beautifully simple maxi bridesmaid dress and go up to £699 for an a-symmetric one-shoulder lace wedding gown.To see the full collection, scroll on.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Versace made fashion history earlier this year when the original supermodels reunited to walk hand-in-hand with Donatella Versace in the finale of her Milan show. Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Carla Bruni, and Helena Christensen all took to the catwalk to mark the memory of Donatella’s late brother Gianni, who was murdered by a spree gunman 20 years ago in 1997.Now the Italian fashion house have honored Gianni in another way by bringing together two generations of supermodels for their SS18 campaign.‘Conceived by Artistic Director Donatella Versace and shot by legendary photographer Steven Meisel, the Versace SS18 Campaign portrays - together for the first time in decades - some of the most iconic forces in fashion along with today’s hottest talent, in individual portraits capturing their unique personalities,’ the Instagram post read. Models featured include Naomi Campbell, Christy Turlington, Gisele Bündchen and Kaia Gerber. Wearing iconic nineties pieces and Versace prints such as Wild Animalier, Barocco and Vogue, the campaign is a fitting tribute to Gianni.Highest paid models in the world 2of20READ MORE:  The Original Supermodels Just Reunited At VersaceREAD MORE:  Kaia Gerber Lands Her First Solo Magazine CoverREAD MORE:  Cindy Crawford's Daughter Kaia Gerber Is Reportedly Dating Eastenders Star Patsy Palmer’s Son© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Devil Wears Prada fans rejoice, the author of the original novel has written a new book. Following on from the success of the 2013 sequel, Revenge Wears Prada, Lauren Weisberger has penned a new story focusing on the character of Miranda Priestly’s neurotic first assistant Emily Charlton, played by Emily Blunt in the cult film.  When Life Gives You Lululemons tells the tale of Emily Charlton’s new life as a successful image consultant to the stars as she moves to Greenwich, Connecticut. Struggling to adapt to suburban life, Charlton is tasked at looking after A-lister Karolina Hartwell, a supermodel and senator's wife rebuilding her image after a DUI. The pair are linked by Miriam, a former partner in a law firm who is now a stay-at-home mum. While the book doesn't hit shelves until June 5 2018, Entertainment Weekly have shared a sneak peak at the cover and first chapter. Read it here.Next year will also see the release of the Devil Wears Prada musical. The story of aspiring journalist Andy and ice queen fashion editor Miranda Priestley will be created for the stage by Sir Elton John and Sister Act's Paul Rudnick. READ MORE: Emily Blunt Is On Board For A 'The Devil Wears Prada' SequelREAD MORE:  Did Someone Say 'Devil Wears Prada - The Musical'?READ MORE: The First Footage Of Emily Blunt As Mary Poppins Is Practically Perfect© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...These days a sighting of Kanye is as rare as a unicorn. The man has had a tumultuous 2017 and spent the last few months keeping a low-profile. Breaking with recent protocol, he was spotted in New York yesterday smiling while taking selfies with strangers. As unexpected as this was, it wasn’t quite as abnormal as his new accessory of choice.It’s arguable that over the years Yeezus has had more style reinventions than Madonna. He’s gone preppy to blingy, maximalist to minimalist. He made shutter shades and head-to-toe earth-coloured body gloves trends. When this arbiter of taste and trends has a new accessory, it's worth taking note, so with eyes wide open meet Yeezy's front-pack.This folio in question works like a rucksack, but sits across the chest. At first glance, it could be a bulletproof vest or a weight-lifting back support. More likely than not, it’s a hot new man bag we just haven’t got a name for yet.While the designer responsible for the instigation of this new accessory remains unknown, Kanye has kindly given us some style tips. Wear it like you would a bum bag, under your coat but over your hoodie. Style it with ugly dad trainers, so people know you get irony. Add in camo, because it's important you blend in. But, make sure you add a brightly coloured hat to undo the good work of your camouflage coat. Be as enigmatic as this front-pack.‘Life’s got layers like Kanye’s outfits,’ Justin Bieber wrote in an Instagram story earlier this month and, he was right on both a philosophical and literal level. As if you needed more proof, Yeezy's new bag is as complex and unforeseeable as life’s many twists and turns.Like this? You might also be interested in...It's Time To Stop Taking The Piss Out Of Kanye West40 Times Kanye West Was Caught SmilingKanye West Has Changed His Mind About Donald TrumpFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As exciting as it is to get all dressed up for various Christmas parties, there's nothing quite as satisfying as jumping into your pyjamas the minute you get home after a long day in the cold.And I don't know about you but pjs play a key part in my Christmas day routine (i.e. getting dressed up, eating all the food then changing into something wayy comfier). So, in the spirit of being super prepared and not relying on your nan to have put a new set under the tree for you, we tried on the best jim-jams that M&S, aka, home of comfy loungewear, has to offer.There's nothing that says classic sleepwear quite like a red and white check set. Let's call this the most inoffensive of pyjama offerings. The sort that you'd wear when you're not about causing a fuss or making a show. Just here to quietly melt into a sofa and not get up for the foreseeable future. M&S Collection, Pure Cotton Checked Pyjama Set, £27.50; M&S Collection, Fur Slipper Boots, £17.50 You know all those theories about how we all regress to a childlike state when we return to our family homes? You can totally ramp that up with these cute penguin covered pjs. Expect your grandparents to dote on you and parent unable to shout at you for rolling in drunk at 4am on Christmas day. Because who can be mad at someone wearing penguins? M&S Collection, Penguin All Over Print Pyjamas, £18; M&S Collection, Fur Slipper Boots, £17.50 If you're committed to looking really 'together' while you lounge, M&S have this Victoria Secret-esque ensemble going. Cosy isn't quite the word, and probably not a great set to eat/drink/do anything that involves getting a little messy in. BUT if you get caught in the back of your brother's Instagram you'll look really good. Autograph, Striped Long Sleeve Tencel® Pyjamas, £40; M&S Collection, Pearl Detail Fur Mule Slippers, £15No messing with this one, kids. No frills (literally), no fuss (at all), just super soft material that's forgiving enough for you to go for that third helping of Christmas dinner without worrying about being restricted by your clothes. We're big fans. M&S Collection, Long Sleeve Cropped Pyjama Set, £32; M&S Collection, Cropped Pyjama Bottoms, £16; M&S Collection, Pearl Detail Fur Mule Slippers, £15Here's what to wear if you're spending your first Christmas with your lover (and not their parents) and pretend that you're as comfortable and confident in a silky nightgown as Rosie Huntington-Whitley. Rosie For Autograph, Luxurious Pure Cashmere Long Dressing Gown, £199; M&S Collection, Satin Strappy Nightdress, £25For when you want to feel extra but don't want to wear real, actual clothes built for the outdoors, you have this. The satin will make you feel all fancy when in reality you'll be doing little more than moving between the kitchen and the living room. But at least you'll know on the inside that you've upped your sartorial game. Rosie For Autograph, Satin Floral Print Pyjamas, £35Like this? You might also be interested in...9 Bubble Baths To Buy To Take Advantage Of Your Mum's Clean HouseWhat Your Pyjamas Say About The State Of Your RelationshipMood Boosting Things You Can Do Without Even Leaving The HouseFollow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Incessant bell-ringing music, accidental overspending and an overpacked bus ride home. Christmas shopping surely is the very worst way you can spend a weekend. If this is what you’ve been telling yourself for the last month and a half then we’ve got some news for you: the 25th of December is a week away, which means you’ve got just seven days left to get everyone’s gifts.If the idea of storming your local shopping centre sends shivers down your spine, then we’re going to assume you’re already well-acquainted with online shopping. While the idea of spending a few minutes quick-fire clicking and instantly having all your gifts purchased sounds appealing there is one single drawback: delivery. Even though the Royal Mail employ an extra 19,000 staff to deal with this busy period, there’s still a cut-off when it’s suddenly too late to receive your order in time.However, there’s no need to fret as it’s possible even as late as Christmas Eve to still buy online in time. To make sure you don’t get stung, here are the last possible dates you can purchase from our favourite stores in time for Christmas*.Hotel Chocolat: order before 6pm for standard delivery, or before 6pm on the 22nd December for next day delivery.Harvey Nichols: order before 3pm for standard delivery, or before 3pm on the 20th December for next day delivery.Foyle's: order before 12pm for standard delivery, or before 12pm on the 19th for first class delivery. ASOS: order before midnight for standard delivery, or order before the 23rd December for next day delivery. Office Shoes: order before midnight for standard delivery, or before the 21st December for next day delivery.John Lewis: order by 7pm for standard delivery or before 8pm on the 21st December for next day delivery.Harrods: order on the the 19th December for standard delivery or by 3pm on the 21st December for next day.The Body Shop: order before 12pm for standard delivery, or before the 21st December for special delivery.Net a Porter: order by 3pm on 20 December for standard delivery, by 3pm on 21 December for next day and 10am on 24 December for Premier delivery.Feel Unique: order before the 20th December for standard delivery, or by the 21st December for next day delivery. Cult Beauty: order before the 20th December for standard delivery.Waterstones: order by the 21st December for first class delivery. Urban Outfitters: order by the 21st December for express delivery.Marks & Spencer: order by the 22nd of December for next day delivery. H&M: order by the 22nd of December for next day delivery. Topshop: order by the 22nd December for express delivery. Currys/PC World: order before 8pm for next-day or same-day delivery.Boots.com: order before the 23rd December for next day delivery.Argos: order before 6pm for fast-track same day delivery. Matchesfashion.com: order before 2pm for premium same day delivery or by 5pm for 90-minute delivery (only available in London). Amazon: if you have prime you can and live in one of the 14 cities Amazon offers this service in then you can order for same day delivery or prime now 2-hour delivery. You've left it really late, print out a gift voucher STAT!You've left it really late, print out a gift voucher STAT!You've left it really late, print out a gift voucher STAT!You've left it really late, print out a gift voucher STAT!*This is applicable to UK readers only - sorry!Like this? You might also be interested in...9 Bubble Baths To Buy So You Can Take Advantage Of Your Mum's Clean HouseThe Christmas Gift Guide To Send To Your Mum (So She Knows What To Get You)9 Secret Santa Gifts Under 9 QuidFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Michael Kors joins the likes of Gucci, Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger and Stella McCartney in becoming the latest fashion house to pledge to go 100% fur-free. According to the Business of Fashion, the brand will remove all fur from its collections as of next year, with recently acquired Jimmy Choo also following suit. ‘Due to technological advances in fabrications, we now have the ability to create a luxe aesthetic using non-animal fur. We will showcase these new techniques in our upcoming runway show in February,’ Michael Kors said in a statement.Gucci announced its plans to go fur-free in October, joining the Fur Free Alliance. In a statement, CEO Marco Bizzarri said: ‘Being socially responsible is one of Gucci’s core values, and we will continue to strive to do better for the environment and animals. With the help of HSUS and LAV, Gucci is excited to take this next step and hopes it will help inspire innovation and raise awareness, changing the luxury fashion industry for the better.’It came after anti-fur protesters were particularly active at London Fashion Week in September, targeting the Burberry and Gareth Pugh shows.Although the rising number of designers pledging to remove fur is encouraging, there’s still far more to be done. The Fur Information Council of America recently told the Business of Fashion that, ‘nearly 70 percent of major designers included fur in their autumn/winter 2017 collections,’ which is a surprisingly high figure. Michael Kors used fur in its most recent autumn/winter 2017 collection, with model Ashley Graham wearing a grey fur coat for the brand. READ MORE: Gucci Goes Fur-FreeREAD MORE: Fur And Fury On Fashion's Front Line© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are a few times in the year when it’s completely acceptable to be outrageously overdressed; your birthday, New Year’s Eve and Christmas Day.Christmas Day is pretty much the only time of year when you can wear red head to toe, try out those experimental earrings you’re not sure about, or match a sequin skirt with a gold jumper without anyone batting an eyelid.If we’re going to be overindulgent with our food, decorations, drinks and gifts… why not our clothes? If the turkey (or chicken in my case) takes say 2 to 3 hours to cook, why can’t I take half that time to get ready? If you can’t dress up on Christmas Day, when can you?For me, Christmas is a celebration – a time to come together with family and celebrate one of the most important moments in the Christian calendar, so I like my outfit to reflect that. The beauty of a Christmas Day outfit is that, for most of us, only family will see it so it can be a little off the wall, and you don’t have to worry about painful heels or not-yet-worn-in boots.Teaming a red dress with thick tights and your favourite slippers is totally acceptable, trying out a hairstyle that you know full well the wind and rain outside would ruin is fine because you won’t be going out there, and it’s time to get out those earrings that you always almost lose because one keeps falling off – because you will always be able to find it in the house again.It sounds so cliché, but I feel good when I dress up. I sit up, I smile more, I feel more confident, I engage more. A glitter bath has been the staple of my Christmas morning for a few years now (thanks LUSH) and wearing something I feel special in (and something with the ever-essential loose waistband) is just an extension of that marvellously bougie, over the top festive spirit.Christmas Day is a time for eating 10,000 calories, drinking several bottles of wine, and having a confusing nap while watching Jesus Christ Superstar or whatever questionable musical is on TV – and I fail to see where dressing-up all fancy fits into this. Unless you’re having lunch with the actual Queen, what’s the point?I’d actually go so far as to say, what’s the point in getting dressed at all? It’s not like the people you spend Christmas with – probably your family and at a push some close friends – don’t know what a slobby mess you really are deep down. So, why pretend for Christmas?And as well as all the aforementioned drinking, eating and passing out, there’s also the small matter of it being December and it being LITERALLY FREEZING COLD. This renders the possibility of a dress/jumper-free outfit not only inconvenient but a health hazard.Due in part to my laziness and not having remembered to bring any clothes but pyjamas and gross jumpers back to my family home, last year I wore black jeans and a fluffy non-festive jumper. Call me Scrooge; I dare you. It was old, horrible and a bit too small but also very, very comfy.Christmas is stressful enough without the added pressure of having to look nice in front of the people you probably see every day. Anyway, we all know that after the first round of lunch you’ll be changing back into your PJs, so let’s stop this façade once and for all, purhlease.Like this? You might also be interested in...The Best Christmas Day Outfits That Have An Elasticated Waistband (Because. Chocolate.)6 Instagram Outfit Ideas To Up Your Work Christmas Party GameWhat To Wear On Christmas DayThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As if we needed another excuse to shop, Net-a-Porter’s sale started today, and it’s full of treasures.Once upon a time, Boxing Day marked the beginning of the winter sale calendar. But, thanks to the introduction of Black Friday and Cyber Monday the bi-annual reductions now start well before Christmas.Here to make the festive season a touch more jolly, the retailers have marked down items from some of our favourite labels, like Simone Rocha, Rixo, Rejina Pyo and CALVIN KLEIN 205W69NYC. With winter’s frigid temperatures set to continue for at least a mother few months, there’s still reason to invest in outerwear and boots. But, if you’re struggling to think past the 31st, now is an excellent time to invest in a New Years Eve-worthy party dress.Since there are thousands of items to sort through, we’ve done the heft of the work for you. Below, you’ll find an edit of our favourite styles in the sale right now. Ready, set shop© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christmas party dressing is notoriously tricky. We have been lead to believe that just because it’s December we must automatically dress head-to-toe in sequins, glitter or velvet, and inevitably in something that will never be worn again. Similarly, it is a truth universally acknowledged that come Christmas we must start wearing both red and green. We assumed this colour pairing was a sartorial cliche, however, VB has proven us wrong.At a Christmas bash held at her store in London last night, Victoria wore a silky scarlet dress from her SS18 collection with a pair of glittering emerald heels and matching clutch, both also her own designs. The distinctly festive ensemble was a real step away from Victoria’s usual understated style, and demonstrated how taking colour palette inspiration from your Christmas decorations can look both elegant and fashion-forward.For her very own dancing girl emoji moment, Victoria kept her hair and makeup simple with the addition of shimmering eyeshadow to complete the Christmas-themed look. Using a selection of products from her VB x Estee Lauder collection, naturally she shared her makeup line-up via Instagram.Victoria Beckham's changing style2of13READ MORE:  David Beckham Gets Candid About His 19 Year Marriage To VictoriaREAD MORE:  Victoria Beckham Likes Mom Jeans And Other Things We Learnt At Her NYFW ShowREAD MORE:  Victoria Beckham Proves She's The Ultimate Mum© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s an absolute travesty that the UK in December doesn’t look like the video of S Club 7’s iconic millennium hit, Never Had A Dream Come True. While the mere whiff of S Club is now tainted with singer Jo O’Meara’s unforgettable and very public racist transgressions, Never Had A Dream existed in some perfect paradise before her macroaggressions. It was a time when rudimental CGI skills wouldn’t hold back a video director from letting their creativity flair, when yeti boots hadn’t had YSL’s seal of approval, and 100 layers of lip gloss didn’t require a second thought. For an incurable dose of nostalgia, let's take a second to appreciate these seven moments of the most magnificent winter video of all time….Have you ever wanted fur-coated snow boots so bad? Even though Yves Saint Laurent tried to persuade us that the abominable snowman look was their revelation for next spring, we all know deep, deep down that S Club were the originators.Is that a bad case of dandruff? No, that’s the very cheapest artificial snow they could find.Remember the early Noughties when your hair was always stuck to your lips and there were at least two tubes of gloopy, sticky gloss pouring out their glittering contents into the base of your handbag? What a time to be alive.As tempting as this winter’s trends are, I’m always scouring charity stores, vintage and Etsy for the coat that’s equal parts Penny Lane and the Sundance crowd. And, lo and behold it’s the S Club crew that found it first!Cosy, cool and with more cultural capital than the British Museum, the humble turtleneck sweater is a byword of the genius of Steve Jobs, the swagger of Mick Jagger, the ingenuity of the beatniks and (apparently) the sound of S Club 7.What would an early 2000s band be without their frosted highlights? It wasn’t just the girls that were guilty, this was the era of men dipping tips too!Rachel’s slinky cowl-neck chainmail top was the liquid metal armour of all 2000 and 2017 party girlsLike this? You might also be interested in...Why Did Everyone Stop Wearing Coloured Tights?Thirteen: The Cautionary Tale That’s A Time Capsule Of 2003The Prom Hair Trend That Margot Robbie Is Trying To Bring BackFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you've got to come up with a few more things for your Christmas list, or you've left your Christmas shopping to the (very) last minute, our list of what we want is sure to inspire you...We've been obsessed with Glossier since before it landed in the UK a few months ago, so there are very few things we haven't tested. Our go-to favourites for post-Xmas skin will be the brand's iconic Boy Brow and Haloscope duo, which we're asking for as a stocking filler for the inevitable Boxing Day hangover. Bow Brow + Haloscope duo, £28, GlossierGin, along with Prosecco, is the alcoholic beverage of choice for millennials, so why not get into the festive spirit with this special Christmas Gin by the Edinburgh Gin company? With frankincense and myrrh and classic juniper, as well as zesty sweet orange, it's Christmas in a drink. Christmas Gin, £35 for 70cl, Edinburgh Gin For the coffee lovers out there, don't miss the chance to indulge in some festive-themed caffeine, such as this frankly delicious-sounding red currant, salted caramel and nutmeg brew from the good folks at Caravan Coffee Roasters. Oh I wish it could be Christmas everyday, indeed... Xmas Bru, £11, Caravan Coffee RoastersGet ahead of those New Year's Resolutions with this weekly planner from Anthropologie, which features a chic design and witty slogan. Planner, £40, AnthropologieCan't afford one of Bella Freud's iconic cashmere jumpers? Opt for one of these candles instead, which come emblazoned with one of the designer's signature witticisms in an array of comforting scents. 'Ginsberg Is God' Bella Freud Candle, £45, The Conrad ShopNothing makes us feel more like we have our life sorted than putting on a pair of matching cotton pyjamas. These beautiful palm print ones will mean we have a valid excuse for not getting dressed for the duration of the Xmas break. 'The Fern' Luxury Pyjamas, £130, Desmond & DempseyThese lovely ceramic mugs will make your morning coffee a joy. Studio Arhog Mug, £35, Liberty Officially the best smelling bath oil ever made. Also, makes you sleep like a baby. Deep Relax Bath Oil, £49, Aromatherapy Associates You've probably seen it on Instagram, but Canadian poet Rupi Kaur's second book is worth more than just a pretty snap. Full of thoughtful, poignant poems that evoke what it's like to be a woman, it's a must-read for anyone who can't always express themselves. 'Milk And Honey' by Rupi Kaur, £7.99, WaterstonesTrouble sleeping? There's no chicer way to grab some shut-eye than with these luxe one-use Space Masks, which heat up on contact with your skin, instantly relieving tension and helping you catch some 'zs'. Space Masks, £15 for 5, Beauty Bay Find a nicer way to light your candles with this glass jar full of emerald green matches, with a clever strike board on the base. Glass Jar Dark Green Matches, £12.95, Graham and GreenBlogger and influencer Lucy Williams' Roman-inspired second collection for jewellery brand Missoma has produced these beautiful fan earrings, which are back in stock after selling out the first time round. Lucy Williams x Missoma Gilded Fan Earrings, £159, MissomaForget the sellout 'Barry' style and opt instead for the lace-up 'Cassie' jumper from French girl label Sezane. There's a festive red, but if colour's not your thing, there's a more minimal black and white, too. Et voila! 'Cassie' Jumper, £90, Sezane© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if you’re excited about the new Star Wars film, The Last Jedi? We’re certain someone at ASOS HQ is frantically waving their arms right now bellowing ‘yes’ in answer. For the shopping mecca has collaborated with Disney and Lucas Film to produce a collection of seven pieces inspired by the key themes of the galactic trilogy.Without giving away any major plot spoilers the collection raises R2-D2 up to fashion icon status. Suddenly we’re seeing the Storm Troppers and the Millennium Falcon in a chic new light.This isn’t the first time we’ve geeked out on Star Wars’ style credentials. Two years ago Rodarte closed their autumn/winter 2014 show with a five full-length gowns printed with Luke Skywalker, Yoda, C-3PO and the Death Star. Vogue called them ‘silly’ and ‘Instagram bait’. At the time, we said ‘ruuuude’ and now see we’re not alone. The fashion pack are behind us and ASOS are here to prove it with their limited edition womenswear range that stars at just £22…Like this? You might also be interested in...A Quick Guide To Star Wars If You're Too Afraid To AskYour Christmas Jumper Habit Really Isn’t Good For The PlanetDaisy Ridley Watching The New Star Wars Trailer Is Sure To Cheer Up Your DayFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We've all watched films where unlucky women are forced to run into toilet cubicles or hide behind trees because they've spotted someone else wearing the same outfit.But this awkward Instagram feud between bloggers Jennifer Lake (whose pictures are on the right-hand side) and Rosie Clayton (whose pictures are on the left) prove that things can be even more uncomfortable when it happens in real life (or in Instagram).Style Charade founder Jennifer turned every Instagram addict into an amateur detective when she posted an article called 'What to do when you’re being copied on Instagram' on her blog. 'Someone has been using my Instagram account as a template for their own,' Lake wrote in what she called the only negative post she had ever written, 'This person has systematically copied my channel, captions, location concepts, and personal style for more than three years. I’m not talking about just a dress, a pose, a wall, etc. (although there’s that too). It’s about ongoing examples of copying (exact looks, images, and ideas).' Lake declined to mention the name of the alleged plagiarist, but claimed that the situation may have cost her contracts.This is where Rosie Clayton comes into the story. Many suspected that the former boutique owner was be the 'plagiarist', especially since the pair were former friends who had become rivals over time.But things are not so simple. When journalists questioned her on the uncanny similarities between her Instagram feed and Lake's own account , she responded: 'I’m not connected with certain big fashion bloggers and I don’t have a blog [like Lake]...Because I have less followers it looks like I’m the one copying.'It is not immediately obvious who is copying whom, or whether this is all an incredibly weird coincidence. Clayton, who joined the photo-sharing site in November 2011, was the first of the pair to have an online presence, but, as Clayton points out, it is actually Lake who currently has the most followers. Both bloggers are popular, however, with Lake's account having 149,000 followers and Clayton's having 119,000.Chicago magazine, however, believes that they've cracked the mystery: 'Lake posted a few puns in the summer of 2013 but really ramped up in the spring of 2014,' the publication reported, 'Clayton started punning in the fall of 2014. Both women wear sunglasses in almost every photo, which Clayton began doing in June 2016 and Lake in September 2016.'Without definitive proof, there can be no tidy ending to this fashion fiasco, but the instance is just one of the examples which make Instagram the 'worst for young mental health', according to the BBC.You might also be interested in...Is This The Secret To Getting More Likes On Instagram?9 Ways Instagram Girls Are Crushing It In Camo9 New Buzz Beauty Products That Won’t Break The BankThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...River Island have unveiled a new gender neutral childrenswear collection. Part of the high street giant’s Studio Kids range, the pieces are designed to be worn by both boys and girls.‘Not his, not hers... mine! RI Studio kids is back with a unisex collection that celebrates personal style over gender. It's their style, their way. #RIFreestyle,’ the brand wrote on Instagram.Aimed at children aged five to twelve, the idea behind the collection is ‘kids just want to be kids’. The 12-piece sportswear inspired range includes leggings, hoodies and tees in an array of neutral hues and graphic prints.The launch comes hot on the heels of John Lewis who became the first UK department store to combat gender stereotypes when the unveiled their new 'genderless' clothing collection aimed at both boys and girls earlier this year. These new genderless clothing collections provide a refreshing alternative for parents in a market still saturated with gendered, and sometimes sexist clothes. A number of high street brands have come under fire of late for imposing gender stereotypes on children with the slogans they use on their t-shirts. Morrisons, for instance, were criticized for selling a t-shirt for girls with the words, ‘Little girl, big smiles and a t-shirt for boys with the phrase, ‘Little man, big ideas’.READ MORE: Paloma Faith Is Raising Her Child Gender NeutralREAD MORE: John Lewis Attempts To Fight 'Gender Stereotypes' With New ChildrenswearREAD MORE: Male Authors Are Now Using Gender Neutral Names To Sell Books© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve amassed many Christmas traditions over the years, but the one that probably stands out for many of us is the quest to find the perfect festive jumper. Cool, office appropriate and wittily ironic is the dream crimbo combo, of course, but is incredible hard to do.Matched with the fact that generally speaking, Christmas jumpers are cheap and easy to get hold of it’s not all that surprising to hear that so many of us only wear this particular brand of novelty attire once before throwing them away. It’s the frivolous one-time-wear behaviour that probably stressed you out about Carrie Bradshaw too.One in four of the Christmas jumpers purchased last year was either binned or unlikely to be worn again. And even though the existence of Christmas jumpers pretty dramatically limits the amount of potential wear-time down to just a month (six weeks if you’re super committed, though), wearing them once and ditching them every year not only has an accumulatively negative impact on your bank balance, it’s really rubbish for the environment too.WATCH: How To Knit Yourself A Christmas JumperResearch by the environmental charity Hubbub found that about £220 million will be spent on jumpers in the run up to Christmas this year while at the same time a third of people below the age of 35 will buy a new one each year.'Christmas jumpers are one of many examples of the global craving for "fast fashion"',  Hubbub's Sarah Divall tells The Debrief. 'In the last 15 years the amount of clothing bought globally has doubled and only 1% of clothing fabric is currently recycled into new clothes.  The average time a garment is worn has decreased by 36% over the past 15 years. It costs the UK £82 million a year to throw away clothing and textiles into landfill sites. 'These aren't pleasant figures to face.  The conversation around 'ethical' fashion and the responsibility on brands and suppliers to do better has been circulating for a while, but we can often forget that something as seemingly small as religiously purchasing a festive jumper each year will play a small part in the bigger picture too. Sarah explains: 'The carbon footprint of all textiles is bigger than those of all international flights and maritime shipping combined.  It has been estimated that about half a million tonnes of plastic microfibres shed during the washing of plastic-based textiles such as polyester, nylon or acrylic end up in the ocean annually.'Don't get us wrong, we get it. That weird sub-conscious fear of being seen in the same clothes twice applies to novelty items too. We're all subject to the pressures of Instagram and wanting to be seen as owning lots of new, cool, double-tap worthy things. But knowing that 20% of global water pollution is caused by textile processing (making it the second biggest culprit on the planet), maybe it's time for all of us to re-evaluate our fast fashion habits and have a think about just how necessary it is to buy a new jumper every year. Because truth be told, that light up one you bought back in 2013 is probably just fine. Especially if we're only bothering to put them on for the one day so not to feel left out at the office Christmas Jumper day pub drinks.Like this? You might also be interested in…How To Knit Yourself A Christmas Jumper In A MonthMake Your Mates A Christmas Dinner For Under A TennerShit Christmas Presents That Are Actually GreatFollow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to Christmas decorations, people have very strong opinions on taste – namely what is chic and what isn’t (tinsel, for example, is perennially lambasted for being very unchic). So, who better to trade Christmas tree decoration tips with than the fashion set? Over on Instagram stories, we’ve spotted several well-heeled fashion editors decorating their tree with one very specific bauble – a design by esteemed artist Luke Edward Hall. The art world wunderkind – who is still under 30 – has designed an exclusive hand-painted ceramic bauble for the Alex Eagle store on Lexington Street in London, featuring his signature Greco-Roman faces etched in green, red and blue. Hall rose to fame thanks to Instagram, with his recent work including a pop-up at Bicester Village, designs for Burberry and curating an exhibition of contemporary artists at Christie’s. It’s not the first time that he’s collaborated with Eagle – a creative director and designer in her own right, who created Soho Farmhouse’s on-site shop, The Store – as he’s previously designed a series of plates and platters for her, too. Indeed, her patronage has considerable kudos in the fashion world, which is no doubt why so many editors are snapping up his baubles. Hall writes on his Instagram that he has hand-painted 30 of the coveted baubles, and according to Eagle’s post, there are still some of them left in store – so get down there quick-smart to snap them up!READ MORE: The Going Out Bags Your Party Wardrobe NeedsREAD MORE: Stuart Weitzman’s Sparkling Monogram Shoe Clips Are The Festive Accessory You Didn’t Know You Needed© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Heathrow.Granted, it's not always easy to look your best when you're 20,000 feet up in the air, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't make an effort when travelling. After all, every day is an opportunity to dress to impress - so why should you slack at an airport? Follow our handy tips below to learn how to navigate the departures lounge in style...It doesn't matter if you're travelling during the winter or summer, wearing an airport outfit with different layers is a great shout practicality-wise. And layers are especially handy if the place you're heading to experiences a different climate to the UK. When departing, you can wear a statement tee, cosy cardi and jacket (which you can reserve at the Heathrow Boutique and pick up from Superdry), before whipping off your outerwear when you hit hot soil. But be warned: with an outfit this comfy, you're in danger of not wanting to take anything off!No matter how you style it, hair always seems to feel flat and limp after a long flight. But don't worry: you can combat this by chucking on a stylish hat to cover your roots and disguise slept-on hair. Don't have one to hand? Simply reserve a floppy hat from the Heathrow Boutique and pick it up from Accessorize.People who travel in heels, we salute you. Just how you do it? While we're in awe of your dedication, we would much prefer to wear some sporty luxe tracksuit bottoms with slip-on trainers (dead comfy and oh-so-understated). Not got any suitable footwear for your travels? Don't fret: remember that you can reserve a pair of sneakers from the Heathrow Boutique and pick them up from Kurt Geiger.Classy and sophisticated, a head-to-toe monochrome look is one of the easiest - and chicest - looks for navigating the airport in. In fact, you really can't go wrong with black, white and grey. Side note: black lends itself nicely to flying - if you accidentally end up spilling a drink on your lap, nobody will notice! And don't forget to complete your look with some slick black sunnies (which you can reserve from the Heathrow Boutique and pick up from Sunglass Hut), as these are perfect for both the summer and winter sun.Prices correct at time of publish. Products subject to availability.Like This? You Might Be Interested In:This Is Where Everyone Will Be Going On Holiday In 20186 Magical Christmas Breaks You're Going To Want To BookHow To Do Airport Chic If You're Not A Victoria's Secret ModelThe Debrief are offering you the chance to see in the New Year with a smile. For a chance to win a £25 Amazon Voucher, just register your details below! This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How do you become one of the most successful women in the world? Ambition. How do you become one of the most influential women in the world? Fearlessness. And Tina Brown – celebrated magazine editor, author, broadcaster and entrepreneur – has it in spades.It’s the kind of fearlessness that led her to be expelled from three of her secondary schools – once for leading 50 girls in a protest against a school policy that forbade a change of knickers more than three times a week, ‘Chanting, “Knickers out, out, out!”.’The kind that inspired her as a fledgling journalist to burst into the office of Sir Harold Evans – then editor of The Sunday Times – while he was mid-meeting, ‘determined to get my shot’ (she went on to marry him). The kind that enabled her to turn first Tatler then Vanity Fair and the New Yorker from struggling brands into world-dominating publishing juggernauts – with ground-breaking journalism on AIDS, depression and, of course, some of the most famous and memorable cover images in the world (Demi Moore naked and pregnant, Ronald and Nancy Reagan dancing in The White House) – all before she was 40.And the kind that – just three minutes and 57 seconds into our interview to promote the launch of her new book, The Vanity Fair Diaries, chronicling her tenure at the magazine – inspires her to launch into a blistering tirade against not just Harvey Weinstein (her one-time boss and a ‘volcanic crazy man’) but other perpetrators of abuse who she feels have gotten away with it for too long.‘What about Woody Allen?’ She poses, eyebrow arched, elbows edged forward on the table we’re sat at. ‘In the case of Woody Allen, I say boycott his films. I’ve never been able to like them since what happened [when his affair with Soon-Yi Previn, the adopted daughter of his then partner, Mia Farrow, came to light and later accusations that he abused adopted daughter Dylan]. Because he’s a paedophile and he never paid the price for it.‘He was so good at suppressing it. He got every lawyer, he really got it suppressed and put it out that Mia Farrow was “kooky”. Mia Farrow is “a flake”. Mia Farrow is “nuts”. And he basically married his daughter to shut the thing down. He had to, because without that... well, by doing that he could say this was a huge love affair, and it’s all shut down.’She barely pauses before moving on to her next target.‘One thing I was very proud of myself was that I was invited once by a publicist to dinner with Woody and Jeffrey Epstein. And I wrote back to the publicist, “What is this, the predators’ ball? Thank you very much, but I’ll pass on this invitation.” And she got very upset with me and she called up and said, “Why are you being so terrible about my friend Jeffrey Epstein?” And I said, “Because I’m the person who, at The Daily Beast, started that whole ball rolling [revealing stories of alleged abuse, sex parties and rape].” Epstein – he was trafficking underage girls. And in the end, he had a sort of minor house arrest [he was convicted of one count of soliciting a minor] and never really paid the price because he had so many rich friends. So many influential people were at the parties he threw, including Donald Trump.’In 2016, Epstein and Trump denied claims that at one party they raped a 13-year-old girl, and representatives of Trump insist he barely knew Epstein (despite the New York media in the ’90s regularly documenting the opposite). The woman later withdrew the claim. But going up against the current President doesn’t faze Brown. (She predicted Trump’s win and is also tipping him for a second term.) ‘The patriarchy is being challenged, rattled and toppled in many cases. But it might not topple Trump – Trump stands for the resistance.’She can’t help, as she dubs it in her book, ‘sending a spark’ to those she feels need to heed her words. And she certainly doesn’t mince them. She’s gleeful as she notes ‘the frenzy’, ‘the overdue moment’, ‘the big careers going down left, right and centre’.Perhaps Brown’s confidence to speak so freely comes from the connections she’s forged from her positions of power over the last 40 years. After the New Yorker she went on to launch the now defunct Talk magazine in 1999 with Weinstein, before setting up online news portal The Daily Beast in 2008. You name a big celeb and chances are they’ve written for or opened up to her. And the way she speaks about them seems to infer those personal relationships. For example, when I ask for her thoughts on rumours of Clooney standing for President, for the first time she slows up, choosing her words carefully.‘I’m not sure he would want to put himself up there for this absolute, this very harsh, horrible process. I’m not sure he would want to do that to his own wife, or that Amal would want to do it to their life, frankly. He might feel that he’s more influential not doing it, although I’m sure he thinks about it. I’m sure there are other actors who think about it too. I’m sure Tom Hanks thinks about it.’One of Brown’s most appealing qualities is her frankness. She speaks as openly about big issues as she has expected the celebrities who’ve appeared in her magazines to do. And it’s why her book is such a juicy read. She’s honest about every interaction, no matter how big the star: every success and every mistake.But it’s also a story of humanity, of a deep love affair with her husband. ‘Harry – I couldn’t have done anything without him,’ she explains. ‘To have a man who’s so brilliant himself, and such a dynamic person, to be also able to support me, encourage me and love me the way that he has. I’ve never been luckier than the day I met him.’ And of unapologetically wanting a family alongside her career. Having her son Georgie in 1986 ‘emotionally deepened me in every way’. (Her daughter Isabel was born in 1990.)When I ask whether she ever struggled or grappled with balancing the two, she admits, ‘When you have a child, you’re thinking, “I have to overcompensate because now I don’t want it to feel like I’ve lost my drive.”’ But while it ‘never did take my drive away, it was always these two competing centres of gravity in my life’, she established firm boundaries. ‘I used to get very agitated around 4.45pm, thinking, “I can’t have that last meeting because it’s almost 5.30pm and I want to get out of here, I have to get out of here, to get home for Georgie.” You have to be very focused. You have this job you adore and this family you adore and you have to get those two things done.’But it’s also what isn’t in the book that’s so revealing. In more than 400 pages of diary entries there are few mentions of friendships. Was this deliberate?‘No. Those relationships do suffer. Of course, two of my best friends lived in the UK, so I didn’t have them. But I do think that a working mother who’s working full- time – the one thing that tends to fall away is the ability to socialise with your friends.‘You’re going from your job to your home – and women I know who have these jobs and children feel very strongly that it’s a sad thing for them, that they don’t see enough of their friends. It was really painful for me. But actually, one of the good things is that when your kids are older you get your friendships back. Now I see a lot of my friends and that’s very special to me.’So, what’s next for the unstoppable Tina Brown? There is of course her current venture, Women In The World (its eighth summit included talks from Hillary Clinton, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Scarlett Johansson), which she wants to turn into a live news network led by women.And she is raging against the lack of proper paid maternity leave in America, ‘one of the greatest scandals of our time’ (although she herself was back working from home within about six weeks).But her greatest passion? ‘One has to help strengthen other women. I mean, just recently, I’ve helped to strengthen a couple of women, and it was so nice to be able to do that. One of them really was getting stifled by somebody – they weren’t giving her her holiday pay. So I said, you write back, “I’ve sought outside counsel thank you and you’ll be hearing from my lawyers.” She didn’t have one but I said, “Don’t worry about that, just send the text.” And she got paid!‘It’s so interesting, people think they can bully women, they just do. There are so many horrendous things happening to women all over the world – but there are hero women who are standing up.’ Tina Brown, thankfully, is one of them. And boy, it’s great to have her on our side.The Vanity Fair Diaries: 1983-1992 by Tina Brown is published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson (£25)READ MORE: I Campaigned For Hillary, But Trump’s Presidency Is Better For FeminismREAD MORE: Jennifer Lawrence Is Fighting Back After Naked Pictures Leak© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For those not yet familiar with the droll accessories of Central Saint Martins grad Marisa Jiwi Seok’s jewellery label Jiwinaia, you’re going to want to get acquainted STAT.Made in Italy and loved by the likes of Petra Collins, Sharmadean Rein, stylist Anna Trevelyan and Kali Uchis, her playful trinkets are fantastically millennial. She calls on Microsoft clip art for inspiration, makes Felix the Cat a veritable style icon and reinvents candy dummies as crystal earrings. And, now she’s bringing her irreverent eye to handbags.In collaboration with everyone’s favourite backpack brand, Eastpak, the Milanese-Korean designer has made a collection of belt bags and side pouches. She told Vogue that she’d like to, ‘change Eastpak’s classic bags into portable jewels’. She's certainly done just that.This is a collection for when you want to go out-out, but a clutch seems fussy and an evening bag makes you think of your mum. For, evenings spent sweaty dancing and early mornings on the night bus home. This is a collection for 2017 girls.Calling on her heritage, she embellished a set of pouch bags with ‘Korean mother-of-pearl souvenirs, like the little compact mirrors’. To integrate the essence of her own brand she called on a mixture of her aesthetic and her roots. Keeping the silhouettes of Eastpak’s popular accessories untouched, she added elements like a velvet top to a belt bag and Swarovski crystals to the zipper or a faux-fur handle to a pouch bag that’s adorned with a Korean-inspired compact. On one bag there’s silver-plated chopsticks made into handles finished with 20-sided dice, which reference Marisa’s love of Dungeons & Dragons.The pieces will be available on Jiwinaia’s own website, which is launching imminently, Farfetch.com and Wok Store from tomorrow.Like this? You might also be interested in...11 Items That Prove Hebe Makes The Best Suits For WomenEveryone Is Wearing This Forgotten Style Of Bag Right Now11 Of The Best Jumpsuits You Should Buy NowFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether she was on the steps of the Met with Serena, bossing Dorota around in her Fifth Avenue abode, or charming Chuck at one of the many Upper East Side parties, Blair would never leave the house without a hairband. She had an overflowing wardrobe of hairband styles from simple ribbon designs to extravagant floral corsage creations.If, like us, you were forever trying to recreate Blair’s signature look at home but never had much success, we have some exciting news. To celebrate ten years since the hit show landed on our screens, Jennifer Behr, the New York designer who made a number of Blair’s much-loved headbands, has reissued one of her all-time favorite designs.‘SPOTTED: your all-time favorite headband Blair wore on Gossip Girl is BACK on our site for a limited time, to celebrate 10 years since her TV debut. Get yours before S steals your thunder and does it first...  Link in bio xoxo JB,’ the brand wrote on Instagram. Worn by Blair in the episode The Ex-Files, Blair styled the double crystal scallop headwrap with a white lace cape.Handmade of Swarovski crystals in New York, the headwrap features an intricate scallop pattern and is finished in the back with elastic for a perfectly comfortable fit. Unfortunately if you want to get in on the action you need a Blair budget: the sparkling item will set you back $325 (approximately £245).Shop here. SEE NOW: The Best Gossip Girl Moments Do you remember when the Gossip Girl gang were just wee nippers in their school uniforms? Arriving on our screens in 2007, the show successfully filled the gaping glossy teen drama hole left by The O.C. and unsurprisingly it came from the creator of the California-based series, Josh Schwartz.Three's a crowd has been a recurring theme on the show, kicking off in series 1 when it was revealed that Serena had slept Nate, the boyfriend of her best friend Blair.Like all good GG couples, Serena and Dan have had a long-term on-off relationship. As the outsider of the group Dan was dubbed 'Lonely Boy' by Gossip Girl, but through his relationship with S he had the opportunity to enter the exclusive world of the Upper East Siders.Rather than 'losing it' to her first love Nate, Blair had a steamy encounter with his best bud Chuck in the back of a limo. It doesn't sound classy, but it certainly got our hearts pounding...There have been so many great Gossip Girl weddings over the years, but Lily and Bart's nuptials in series 1 set the tone for couture frocks and disapproving relatives galore.Cracks continue to develop in Serena and Blair's relationship in series 2, particularly due to Serena's growing prominence as a New York socialite. It all comes to a head when the pair visit Yale when it looks like Serena is getting favoured by the admissions team.When Dan's sister Jenny (AKA Little J) embarks on a career as a fashion designer Blair accidentally helps her out by getting Serena to walk the runway in one of her young protégé's creations.The show finished the first half of series 2 with the shocking death of Chuck's father, but as with everything on Gossip Girl nothing is quite as it seems!It was the kiss we had all been waiting for; finally, at the end of series 2, Chuck and Blair exchanged 'I love you's. Unfortunately, though, it wasn't all plain sailing from there.Things took a turn for the worse for Jenny in series 3. After running away from home, ditching her ex BFF Eric, dealing drugs and sleeping with Chuck Bass, Rufus laid on the worst punishment for any young wannabe debutante: banishment to Hudson, New York, to live with her mother.Chuck and Nate may get their fair share of women, but no one could have predicted Dan's threesome with his old friend Vanessa and girlfriend Olivia (played by pop star Hilary Duff).The bride wore pink, the groom was Rufus, the wedding band was Sonic Youth. Surely the coolest Gossip Girl ceremony to date.Blair and Serena's Paris wardrobe at the beginning of series 4 was the show's fashion highlight. Set against the backdrop of the City of Light, the pair set about to do some serious shopping.Shot and left for dead at the end of series 3, Chuck is reunited with Blair (wearing Oscar de la Renta) as she lovingly releases him from their bond.Serena's relationship with former teacher Ben unearths the lengths that Lily will go to protect her family honour.Chuck returns from Europe with new love interest Eva (Clemence Poesy). We all knew he couldn't stay away from Blair too long though.Serena's cousin Charlie Rhodes enters the scene in series 5, but is she the real deal?Not really a vital part of the storyline, but surely one of the best things to happen on GG, no?!And the prize for the least expected cameo goes to Liz Hurley who played conniving cow and Nate's love interest Diana Payne in series 5.Serena also suffered a car accident in series 4, but Chuck and Blair's crash caused B to lose her baby and run back into the arms of Prince Louis.We love a Gossip Girl dream montage, and series 5 delivered on this front with Serena playing up to her blonde bombshell image as Marilyn Monroe and Blair dressed as Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's.Not the happiest day of Blair's life, but she certainly looked beautiful as the blushing bride when she finally wed Louis.When you're feeling down and your world's falling apart, have a Princess moment on the steps of the New York Public Library.Alexa Chung is the most stylish commodity that the UK has ever exported to the US, FACT! No wonder the show's producers snapped her up for a cameo.We've been waiting with bated breath for the moment when Blair and Chuck finally say 'I do'. Don't let us down!!!READ MORE:  Blake Lively Hints At Gossip Girl RevivalREAD MORE:  45 Things You Didn't Know About Gossip GirlREAD MORE:  The Best Gossip Girl Outfits: A Look Back At The Upper East Sider's Fashion Formulas© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This season the off-duty suit is the cool woman’s uniform. It works to the same guidelines as its corporate counterparts, but its bolder in cut, colour and detailing. Step forward, Hebe Studio, an Italian label that specialises in mix-and-match tailoring. The label's aesthetic makes sense when you find out that the three founders, Gea Antonini, Laura Zama and Federica Croce, previously worked for Valentino, Vera Wang and Roberto Cavalli. Available in 37 different colour ways and three different shapes, there’s certainly something for everyone, especially as they’ve mastered the glam Bianca Jagger and Studio 54 flared silhouette just as well as the cropped Teddy Boy style. Understanding not everyone wants to wear heels, they’ve even tailored the fit of all designs to work sneakers. Can you say heavenly?Credit: Instagram @hebe_studioLike this? You might also be interested in...The Curious Mystery Of Selena Gomez’sThis Is How Much The Average Teenager’s Face CostsWhat's So Wrong With Co-Ordinated Best-Friend DressingFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ringing in the new year comes with many logistical challenges, but don’t let what to wear be one of them.It’s one of life’s cruel trick that just when you’ve recovered from the mammoth over-feeding of Christmas the number one party night of the year comes around. Add in the icy conditions and onerous orchestration of timing it so you hit all the right events at the right time and don’t end up spending midnight in the back of an Uber, and you have a perfect party storm. This year, ensure your outfit is the one thing you can have perfectly squared away ahead of time.As NYE is the one evening of the whole 12-months when an awe-inspiring showstopper ensemble is the order of the day, this December we recommend you take a lead from an East London-based IT-girl approved label. With fans like Winnie Harlow, Dua Lipa and Mabel whose every move is photographed (from all angles) we feel comfortable in saying that the brand Poster Girl is a head-turner.Currently available from Selfridges and online, the label was started by friends Francesca Capper and Natasha Somerville. The pair are masters at creating an unforgettable fashion moment. Known for their chainmail dresses and separates, they bring a 2017 twist to the glitzy trend that gives us an incurable case of Noughties nostalgia. Think: Paris Hilton’s 21st birthday meets Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell tripping out of a party in 1999 wearing matching Versace mini dresses.First popularised by Paco Rabanne in the 1960s, the liquid-metal look has been alluring to supermodels and celebrities for decades. This ultra-sexy slinky aesthetic is something Central Saint Martin’s Graduates Capper and Somerville have deftly transformed into something undeniably figure-flattering. Salaciously baring the wearer’s back or revealing the hint of the thigh, their metal mesh designs are armour for the dance floor.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it’s your initials stitched on your handbag, your name spelled out on a denim jacket or a pendant engraved with a meaningful date, in the past few years the fashion world has gone mad for personalisation. Just when we thought we were starting to get personalisation fatigue, Stuart Weitzman has come up with a unique way to jazz up your accessories: crystal alphabet shoes clips. Available in either classic clear or jet black, the versatile clips can be worn on both shoes and bags. While Stuart Weitzman has styled the clips on backless mules and party sandles, the clips can work on an array of footwear styles from pumps to loafers and even trainers.You could try a single letter clip off-centre on either the right or the left shoe or for the maximalist approach double up and use a clip on the upper part of each shoe. Alternatively, customize your party clutch with the addition of a clip - the styling options really are endless. Priced at £125 these crystal clips are not the cheapest but considering their adaptability we reckon when it comes to cost-per-wear-value it seems totally justifiable. Plus, with Christmas just around corner they would make a thoughtful and stylish gift for any fashion fan (or yourself).Shop hereShop here. Credit: WarehousePair a holly embroidered jumper with jeans this winter and spread the holiday cheer.Holly Christmas Jumper, £45.00, WarehouseChristmas Jumpers - Grazia2of11Pair a holly embroidered jumper with jeans this winter and spread the holiday cheer.Holly Christmas Jumper, £45.00, WarehouseIf you're not into the novelty jumper, head to Warehouse. With a line of tasteful but festive jumpers, there's plenty to choose from.Bauble Sweater, £39.00, WarehouseMistletoe is symbolic come Christmas so drop a few hints in this cosy knit.Mistletoe Christmas Jumper, £45.00, WarehouseWhen it comes to Christmas opt for a traditional knit. Pair with a suede skirt and tights.Isabel Marant Glens Argyle Intarsia Wool and Alpaca-Blend Sweater, £550, Net-A-PorterWhat better way to celebrate the festive season than with some candy-coloured Gucci ruffles? Gucci Ruffled Pointelle-Knit Wool-Blend Sweater, £725, Net-A-PorterBella Freud is the Queen of knitwear so what better excuse do you need to invest in one?'Fairytale of New York' Black Jumper, £290, Bella Freud50 percent of the price of each jumper sold in the ‘Save the Children Collection’ will be donated to Save the Children.'Secret Santa' Jumper, £45, The Fmly Store50 percent of the price of each jumper sold in the ‘Save the Children Collection’ will be donated to Save the Children.'Cracker' Jumper, £45, The Fmly Store50 percent of the price of each jumper sold in the ‘Save the Children Collection’ will be donated to Save the Children.'Santa's Helper' Jumper, £45, The Fmly StoreThis powder blue knit is all we want for Christmas.  The Julliard Mohair Pullover, £335, GanniIf you're all about the luxe loungewear this festive season, you need to check out new Brit label King & Tuckfield. We're obsessed with this backless cashmere knit, £275, King & Tuckfield READ MORE: The High Street Sequin Dress That'll See You Through The Festive SeasonREAD MORE:  Realisation Par Just Released A New Dress And It Reminds Us Of The Kate Moss Topshop Dress Of DreamsREAD MORE:  The Going Out Bags Your Party Wardrobe Needs© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gigi Hadid is the star of LOVE magazine’s latest Christmas advent calendar video and she’s used it to take a stand against body hair.  In the day 11 clip, the Victoria’s Secret model is shown working out in red exercise gear, showing off her unshaven armpits in the process. Predictably, comments on the video have ranged from celebratory to insulting – with some users seemingly unaware of the biological fact that women grow hair under their arms. One user put it best when they said: ‘For all of you women commenting rude words and hating on this: You are missing the main point of this campaign. While you’re thinking ‘shame on Gigi for not shaving her armpits and letting me see them on Instagram (omg I won’t sleep tonite)’ you should really feel ashamed of yourself for showing us yet again that unity and unconditional love and support between each other is far from happening until there are these social boundaries that really exist nowhere but in your minds.’ It’s not the first time that female celebrities have been criticised for showing off unshaven armpits – Paris Jackson, Miley Cyrus Madonna and Julia Roberts have also been attacked for daring to go out without removing their body hair. Hadid has been unafraid to discuss female grooming in the past, previously saying that she avoided having to get a Brazilian wax ahead of the Victoria’s Secret show because she wasn’t wearing any body paint or anything skimpy enough to warrant the effort. It's great to see someone of her standing using their platform to draw attention to the stigma around female body hair.For this year’s calendar series, LOVE has taken the theme of ‘stay strong’, with Ashley Graham shown pulling a sledge, Kendall Jenner filmed boxing and Emily Ratajkowski ‘carb loading’ on spaghetti. The latter’s clip was predictably attacked by her arch-nemesis Piers Morgan, who branded Ratajkowski a ‘global bimbo’. The model hit back saying: 'Lol never said my love video was a feminist statement. But now it's worth saying that telling women what to do with their bodies & sexuality is actually just classic sexism. I can have opinions about feminism & also do sexy photo shoots k thanks.'READ MORE: Why I'm Letting My Hair Grow From Top To Toe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We probably haven't met (I haven't bothered socialising since I discovered Riverdale and glow-inducing supplements) but I can already tell you are an extremely busy individual with pressing life admin that needs your full attention.I'm throwing a wild guess that you've have barely made a dent in your Christmas shopping, yet your list as long as your arm. It's highly unlikely you've even begun to consider what your new year's resolution will be. Not to mention the quinoa-buying, commuting, text-dodging, Instagram-stalking, Netflix -binging, 'Thanks for your email!!!'- sending, which makes up the nuts and bolts of your everyday, exhaustive life.And, I haven't even mentioned the important task of browsing through ASOS's continuously updated New In section, ordering a few garments which ignite the soul, then returning 99% of them.I had a few remaining days of holiday to use up before the end of the year, so decided to all the hard work for you! Now go forth and enjoy the embellished fruits of my labour!I look exactly like my Year Nine art teacher, which may be my new 2018 aesthetic. Now all I need is some abstract painting for my shoebox bedroom in Clapham. ASOS, Fluffy Rib Cardigan with Embellishment, £35 ; ASOS, Satin Midi Skirt with Lace Hem, £19I have an irrational fear of maxi dresses, because I'm scared I'll look like a blur of fabric. Rest assured, this one has a leg split that would even have Ange Jolie frantically reaching for the St Moritz. ASOS, Ultimate T-Shirt Maxi Dress In Polka Dot, £22; ASOS, SHIRAZ Pointed Heels, £30This yellow zebra-printed sensation embodies a ferocity that makes me desperate to wear it to every Christmas party I've been invited to this month. (AKA one.) ASOS, Zebra Print High Neck Belted Mini Dress, £38For the daring lot (or the 'still drunk from the night before', crew) try some Alexa Chung-worthy clashing in the form of leopard print and a sparkly pink midi skirts. Corr, Pat Butcher would have been impressed. ASOS, Jumper with Brushed Animal Print, £30; ASOS, Metallic Midi Skirt with Channel Detail, £30Money saving hack: give your presence as a present and dress up as one for good measure! This divine number is so metallic, you won't be able to see your poor mum's confusion. Or tears. ASOS, Metallic Bodycon Knot Front Slinky Mini Dress, £38For all of you that have both a modest family bunch at 11am, followed by a flashy award ceremony at 9pm ,why not get a dress that can do both? ASOS, Sequin Mix Ditsy Raw Edge Print Midi Tea Dress, £65Like This? You Might Also Be Interested In:Fashion Website Makes Horrible Faux Pas With This Sizeist Tights AdvertFashion Awards: Who Won, What They Wore And Who Had The Most Glorious Make-Up11 Zara Pieces That Our December Wardrobes Needs STATFollow Aimee on Instagram: @a1meejakesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For the style purist, the jumpsuit is the backbone of the modern woman’s wardrobe. It’s that rare find that’s both ‘trendy’ and comfortable. Nowadays you’re as likely to see them on the red carpet as in the office. The one-piece’s persistence in every fashion arena means it’s a staple. But, I don’t need to tell you that.If you’ve already read this far, then you know and appreciate the ambrosial (delete as you see appropriate) romper/boilersuit/playsuit/jumpsuit for it is that one-stop-shop of an outfit that makes getting ready to go out that bit faster. Yes, it makes bathroom breaks a tad longer, but that's the only downside. Especially in winter. When it’s cold outside, like it is now, and the idea of bare legs and arms seems ludicrous, it’s a toasty alternative to a party dress. So, with the festive season in full swing, look no further than these 11 luscious options to get the party startedLike this? You might also be interested in...The Curious Mystery Of Selena Gomez’s TopThis Is How Much The Average Teenager’s Face Costs13 Christmas Jumpers That Are Under £13Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While invitations often come with a dress code, there are rarely rules for party accessories. However, to look your best this festive season, there is only one bag to be seen holding. Though the joy of Christmas parties is the chance to dress up (to the nines), this piece is just as wearable with a pair of jeans as it a full-on frock. And, we have illustrated proof.After spending the past summer carrying rustic straw totes, this winter style influencers have done a 180. Unlike the durable practicality of those much-loved raffia accessories, they are embracing a silly new aesthetic, that of the beaded bag. Not since the 1800s have these fanciful minaudière’s had such a following. Courtesy of Shrimp’s Antonia bag, Susah Alexandra’s hand-strung creations and Vanina’s cult Camelia crossbody, this accessory style is back.Note the high-low of Laura Jackson much coveted Shrimps Antonio bag against her Adidas Gazelle sneakers.Described as ‘exceptionally sparkly’, Susan Alexandra’s hand beaded bags throw shade at everything else.Street style photographer Tamu McPherson knows a thing or two about capturing the zeitgeist. Case in point her cross body Camelia bag by Vanina.Offset the boyishness of a suit with the swinging beads of an evening bag, like Maria Bernad has.Proof that an evening bag works just as well during daylight hours (as long as you colour block it with your whole ensemble).Like this? You might also be interested in...Some 'Get Shirty' Styling Tips To Steal From InstagramWhy You’re Going To Want To Wear The ‘Blouser’ Trend6 People Who Are Making Us Want White BootFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dear Debrief,Are there any particular items I should be looking to snap up in the sales - what’s going to last from Winter through Spring?HannahDear Hannah,I applaud you for thinking ahead and making the most of the sales! It’s so easy to get swept up in the mania and invest in a tokenistic piece because it’s there and it’s cheaper, not because it will be useful in the coming months.While it may not feel like it right now, spring (in fashion terms) begins in a matter of weeks. From the start of January, new season wears will be arriving on shop floors and with them the lure of the new. Though it might seem like a new agenda has been set, it’s in fact not so very different from pieces we’ve seen hanging in shop windows for months now. For instance, trench coats and dark, selvedge denim are being touted alongside bumbags and pencil skirts as an injection of ‘newness’, but I know for a fact you can buy these items right now.What should you be looking for? After a year of bottomless millennial pink the tide has finally turned on this colour and a new pastel tone is taking up the gauntlet. The sweetness of parma-violet left a sugary trail across Victoria Beckham, J.W. Anderson and Erdem’s catwalks. We’re calling it the shade of the season. Though we tried to deny it, the belt bag has found its way into favour once again. The humble fanny pack unified the runways of Marc Jacobs and Alexander Wang, Fenty Puma by Rihanna, Givenchy and Balenciaga. Similarly, geometric necklines were a catwalk surprise for this season with square collars dressing up gowns, going out-out tops and slip dresses at Christian Dior and Rodarte.Debrief Spring Summer 2018 Fashion Trends 2of8Though we only just got our heads around how to wear the heck out of sheer tulle à la Molly Goddard, the fashion world has moved on to a new, wackier school of transparency. Following Raf Simon’s experimentations at Calvin Klein the style world would like us to all wear transparent plastic be it in the form of a skirt, shirt or over-layer. While you’re spying these trends keep an eye out for plaid, in the vein of Burberry, pencil skirts, like that at Prada and Gucci.Here’s an illustrated guide to the trends to look out for...The High: Marc Jacobs, Crystal-Embellished Ruffled Organza Blouse, £735, Net-A-PorterThe Low: Sister Jane Drapey Blouse In Satin, £48, ASOSThe High: Victoria Beckham, Tartan Wool-Twill Blazer, £1695, Net-A-PorterThe Low: H&M, Checked Shirt, £12.99The High: Calvin Klein 205W39NYC, Floral Print Midi Dress With Transparent Overlayer, £1349, Net-A-PorterThe Low: Jaded London, Festival Transparent Jacket With Neon Zip, £85The High: Esteban Cortazar, Corset Knit Top, £436.04, ForwardThe Low: Topshop, Slinky Square Neck Body by Boutique, £30The High: ALEXACHUNG, Oversized Denim Jacket, £330, Net-A-PorterThe Low: Levi's, Original Trucker, £85The High: Valentino, Stud Stitching Mini Shoulder Bag, £370The Low: Eastpak Couple ed Pink Springer Bum Bag, £22The High: No21, Embroidered Lace Skirt, £588, StylebopThe Low: River Island, Black Sequin Floral Embroidered Pencil Skirt, £25The High: Wanda Nylon, Oversized Coated Trench Coat, £1,100, Matchesfashion.comThe Low: Zara, Trench Coat With Removable Hood, £89.99Like this? You might also be interested in...Dear Debrief...Where Can I Buy Clip-On Earrings If I'm Too Old For Claire’s?Fashion Awards: Who Won, What They Wore And Who Had The Most Glorious Make-Up11 Zara Pieces That Our December Wardrobes Needs StatFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s probably safe to say that a love of the game isn't the thing that football fans and Alexa Chung have in common. And, we think we’re safe to assume that Chung doesn’t spend her Saturday afternoons shoulder-to-shoulder beer-swigging with stadium crowds. But, there is one element that unites this unlikely coupling - the football scarf.In line with the current appetite for athleisure wear - see Supreme’s popularity - the humble acrylic football scarf has become a common sighting at both fashion week and the terraces. Though the team the style set support is more likely to support is Moschino than Manchester United. While Gosha Rubchinskiy and Vetements were among the first labels to pitch the scarf as a curveball trend, it’s Alexa Chung’s recent win that’s pricked our attention (see here).Much like the scratchy renditions sold by the best of the Premier League, Chung’s is brazenly decorated with a crest, stripes and a fat graphic font. However, unlike its cheap inspiration, it’s made from a merino wool mix and is limited edition, with only 50 available to purchase.Once upon a time fakes were a fashion no-no. Buying a counterfeit made you a try-hard, a sellout. But, then the industry discovered irony and realised there was cache in having a sense of humour. Since Alessandro Michele showed fake Gucci T-shirts and Marc Jacobs’ collaborated with bootleg-creator Ava Nirui, high-end knockoffs have become the style sets new obsession. It’s bad taste-meets-good taste at its peak.For discerning types, pick a style that echoes that of a non-existent team, like Chung’s garnet and black piece, or Gosha’s vibrant yellow. Or, if you’re really ready to commit to the game by into a team whose kit comes in a compelling colour, like Napoli FC who wears a pretty sky blue or Scotland’s national team that favours hot pink.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ashley Graham is one of the most beautiful women in the world – fact. A pioneering ‘plus-size’ model – a term she doesn’t agree with, FYI – she’s a frequent source of body positive inspiration for women around the world thanks to her outspoken views on women’s bodies – and how we should talk about them. When they don’t retouch you- @vogueitaliaA post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Dec 6, 2017 at 7:13am PSTNow, her beauty has been recognised by none other than Italian Vogue, who have published an entire editorial of un-retouched pictures of the brunette beauty. The model shared the black and white pictures on Instagram, which showed her in Sixties bombshell style with winged eyeliner and bouffant hair, wearing just her boudoir-wear. In one look, she’s wearing a leopard-print leotard, while in another she’s in a black negligee. Needless to say, she looks stunning. The images are captioned with a series of appropriately self-celebratory emojis, plus the simple ‘when they don’t retouch you’.  #italianvogueA post shared by  A S H L E Y  G R A H A M (@ashleygraham) on Dec 6, 2017 at 3:44am PSTGraham has previously credited her mother’s confidence growing up with her own positive attitude to her looks. Speaking to Lookbook, she said: 'What she never did was call herself fat. And she never said that she needed to go on a diet, and she never said that she was ugly. It was so impressionable on me as a kid. I didn't realise it then, because of course I had the same insecurity that any girl in middle or high school has, am I pretty enough or good enough. But when I grew up I realized oh my gosh, my mom is the most confident person I know, why? She still carries herself with such grace and strength and confidence. Every confident piece of my body that I have, I learned from her.'The Italian edition of the international glossy is known for its forward-thinking fashion. In July 2008, it dedicated an entire issue to black models, with British Vogue’s new editor-in-chief Edward Enninful styling the shoot, with Steven Meisel behind the camera. Bravo Vogue Italia!READ MORE: Ashley Graham: 'I Was Told Skinny Equals Success'READ MORE: This Photo Will Make You Love Your Cellulite© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Each year the ‘color authorities’ at Pantone employ a team of people with a single mission to analyse the trends in food, cosmetics, clothes, homeward, cars, you name it. At the end of each year, they meet, discuss, argue and eventually agree on the single shade they think will sum up the year ahead. They have declared 2018’s colour of the year is ultra violet. Galactic, royal and the symbol of Prince, expect to see this enigmatic hue everywhere from January.Though the colour experts may like to lay claim to this prediction, fashion trend forecasters have been calling lilac as the shade of next spring since September. The catwalks of Gucci, Rochas, Loewe and Victoria Beckham were awash with lilac and mauve. Over at Fenty Beauty and Lime Crime lilac lippy has become a mainstay of the collections. And, earlier this month Kim Kardashian teased a new highlighter with an eerily similar moniker, Ultra Light Beams.Historically speaking, ultra violet has been associated with the spiritual and mystical (think amethyst crystals). This might explain why artists like Frank Lloyd Wright, Bowie, Hendrix and Prince have been drawn to its unique blue-based shade. Pantone explains, ‘Complex and contemplative, Ultra Violet suggests the mysteries of the cosmos, the intrigue of what lies ahead, and the discoveries beyond where we are now. The vast and limitless night sky is symbolic of what is possible and continues to inspire the desire to pursue a world beyond our own.’In the past, Pantone has been bang on with their predictions. In 2016 they foresaw the rise of millennial pink as they prophesied with the popularity of rose quartz. And, then again in 2017, they struck gold when they surmised ‘greenery’, or the colour of wellness, would symbolise the year. So, take this call to arms seriously and get ahead of the trend now with these 13 items that celebrate all things UV.Like this? You might also be interested in...Want To Know The Colour You'll Be Wearing In 2015? Meet MarsalaThe Colour Of 2017: Greenery. Here's How To Greenify Your Home On The Cheap31 Times The Queen Wore The Hell Out Of Millennial PinkFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though Victoria Beckham’s decade-old fashion brand may not have turned a profit, it just received a £30 million investment from a private equity firm.With a high-profile slot on New York Fashion Week’s squeezed bi-annual schedule, 400 global stockists and a slew of famous followers, it may seem surprising that Beckham’s brand would have made a £3.8 million loss in 2014, were it not for a £5.2 million investment, rumoured to have been from her husband, David. However, Neo Investment Partners, which have purchased an undisclosed stake in the company, obviously think otherwise.‘I am incredibly excited about what the future holds, now that I have a new business partner in Neo,’ Victoria, 43, told Grazia in this week's issue of the magazine. ‘Their investment will allow me to set in motion our plans for brand expansion.’ While still main stakeholders, Victoria and David share the company with their business partner Simon Fuller who is best known as the Spice Girls’ manager.‘[Neo’s] investment will mean we can take our digital presence to new heights, enhancing the website, while expanding our retail network, opening more stores and spaces where my customer can really see the brand through my eyes,’ Victoria told us. ‘There’s so much I want to do!’Since September, Beckhams glittering £515 ‘Dorothy’ pumps have been tipped as the cult shoe of the season. With fans like Kerry Washington, Saoirse Ronan and Eva Chen already sold on them, Beckham has officially made her stamp on the footwear market. But, that’s not the only place she’s found fans since her Spice Girl days. On the red carpet, her brand is often worn by January Jones, Anna Kendrick, Sienna Miller and Gwyneth Paltrow. And, Beckham already has form with brand partnerships as she produced a sell-out collection for US mega-chain Target earlier this year, has a multi-million pound deal with Estée Lauder and an activewear collaboration with Reebok in the pipeline. So, what is this exciting ‘brand expansion’ Victoria is referring to?The brand must be ‘a relatively small business with great growth opportunities,’ explains Morty Singer, retail ‘guru’ and President and CEO of Marvin Traub Associates who has helped stoke the fortunes of Oscar de la Renta, Matthew Williamson and J Mendel.‘It’s what is called a growth equity investment, which implies the investors believe in the business, at least the next five years of its trajectory and that she can double if not triple or quintuple the value of the business. That’s what they’re gunning for, and that’s what they’re banking on. It’s a textbook growth investment.’ So what will Victoria be spending her new-found investment on? We asked Singer to predict want comes next for brand VB...Singer predicts that Beckham would be wise to follow the rubric of Balmain, The Row and Tom Ford who grew by propelling their brand into new categories. For instance, Ford started small with eyewear before launching subsequent beauty collections, exclusive ready-to-wear and stores. Similar to Beckham, Ford and The Row (which is owned by the Olsen twins) had a celebrity cache before they launched his label, which has helped stabilise its fortunes.Of what that is, Singer has a clear idea. It’s called omnichanneling. ‘The next three steps begins with a conservative rollout of their own strategic retail.’ He says conservative because in the luxury market over-expansion can be a death sentence.‘Second step is linking their digital strategy to the rollout of the stores.’ By creating a fluid digital experience for the consumer, be it from social channels or from partner sites like Farfetch, the label can basically keep driving traffic back to themselves.The third step is to maximise ‘strategic partnerships whether it be institutional partnerships like Estée Lauder or even collaborations.’ He clarifies, ‘if the brand has the right fragrance, beauty and eyewear licenses plus the Beckham’s global marketing power as personalities, it adds an extra layer onto traditional advertising, so it’s a one-two punch case.’ As global personalities, they can bring a cultural zeitgeist to the fore, which can, in turn, make the Beckham couple even more ubiquitous than they already are.With so much competition in the over-saturated fashion market, Singer thinks there would be merit for Beckham to pick a lane. Though the brand’s diffusion line Victoria, Victoria Beckham has many notable stockists she could be wise to follow Dolce & Gabbana’s lead and retire her affordable line. He explains that there is a trend for brands to ‘either be luxury or not’ and concludes I ‘there is definitely a possibility that she might just consider going luxury-only.’ However, as a household name, it may be worth her hanging in there with the affordable opening price even if it does muddle the perspective for the consumer.It’s also seems very likely that this first round of funding may help pay off accumulated debt. Putting on lavish fashion week shows and producing clothes in the UK is expensive and this could be part of the reason why making profit has been just out of the brand’s reach. And Victoria certainly doesn't do things on the cheap. 'She can say her garments are British made, which is very rare,' Fflur Roberts, head of luxury goods at Euromonitor International told us in this week's issue of Grazia magazine. 'Even at a brand like Burberry, which celebrates being British, only a very small proportion of products are being made in the UK. From that point of view, the quality control is much higher, but the cost of making each garment is much higher.'Add to that the cost of housing your bricks and mortar store in London's Dover Street, and running a fashion brand becomes an expensive business.Beckham is not alone in seeking investment. Giambattista Valli sold a minority stake to Kering’s parent company Artémis earlier this year. However, what makes her different is her star status. For she did not need to sell shares to earn money. Her lifestyle will be no different with or without investment, and it won’t change the focus or energy she plugs into her business.‘They’re incredibly wealthy people, so if she had sold that business for three times the revenues it would have been a nice payday, but not one she needs.' It would mean she would be contractually obliged to remain part of the company for around five years. Long-term, it would have become a golden handcuff, Singer thinks.Instead, she now has the money, tools and strength of a powerhouse behind her to erode a mega-luxury market at a time when digital is the only option.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You may have hoped that size discrimination in the fashion retail industry was on the way out. This cringeworthy marketing campaign from Wish.com proves however that some companies just don't get it.The website has been heavily criticised for its decision to use slim models to advertise plus size styles, and the poses of the models - which seem to say 'Look at me! I'm standing in just one leg of a whole pair of tights! Aren't they HUGE? So they'll fit you just fine, won't they?.'Incidentally, the online retailer which sells a multitude of products from clothes to kitchen gadgets. It was started in 2011 by Peter Szulczewski and Danny Zhang, and is reported to be worth around $3 billion.The thinking behind the adverts is just plain strange. Instead of demonstrating how roomy and comfortable the tights were by having a glamorous plus size model show them off, Wish used slender models to advertise their 'Plus Size Ultra Elastic Tights Stockings Women Sexy Shaping Pantyhose Socks'. Models were pictured standing with their entire bodies in a single leg of the pair of tights, while one of the models almost pulled the tights over her head.Their blunder raises the question(s): couldn't they find an appropriately-sized model to wear the tights? Why choose thinner models when a curvier one can show the customer how it would look really on her? And why is a retailer that sells tights for £2 trying to be 'artistic' and 'edgy'? The assumption that people regardless of size only want to see models with a daintier frame suggests that there are still some individuals (or companies) who haven't fully grasped the purpose of the body positivity movement.Social media was quick to point out the problems with the campaign:This is not the first time the company has disappointed buyers. Popular vlogger Patricia Bright 's scathing review of their products has over 5 million views online.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We will be holding an exclusive panel discussion about diversity in the fashion industry at an exclusive Instagram, Grazia and The Debrief breakfast event. The panel will be hosted by Eva Chen, Instagram’s Head of Fashion Partnerships, and Natasha Pearlman, Editor of Grazia. Our panel will discuss how the rise in body diversity, particularly on social media, is requiring the fashion industry to keep up with new consumer expectations of representation and diversity.When: Tuesday 19th December. Arrive at 8am for 8.30am start, until 10am (breakfast and mince pies provided).Where: 1 Rathbone Square | London | W1T 1FBHow: enter your details below to sign up. Be quick though, limited spaces available! You will be contacted shortly confirming your space.Panel information: Hosted by Eva Chen (Head of Fashion Partnerships at Instagram) and Natasha Pearlman (Editor of Grazia). Panelists include; Rebecca Holman (Editor of The Debrief); Freddie Harrel (fashion blogger and Founder of SHE Unleashed), and Mariah Idrissi (model and leading authority on 'modest fashion'.)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like it or not, we’re now officially in the thick of the festive season, and if you’re yet to find the perfect party dress to take you through to New Year’s Eve, we’d forgive you for starting to panic a little. Luckily, L.K. Bennett has just the thing to solve any such sartorial dilemmas – and yes, it involves sequins. Lots of sequins.Earlier this season, the Duchess of Cambridge’s go-to high street store teamed up with another Middleton-approved fashion favourite, Preen, for a capsule collection, with the 15-piece line putting an easy-to-wear spin on Justin Thornton and Thea Bregazzi’s trademark prints and eye-catching silhouettes.While the silk wrap dresses (the Vali, £450, was spotted on early adopter Olivia Palermo during London Fashion Week S/S’18) and the cosy knits caught our eye at the time, it seems that our dream party season dress was actually hiding in plain sight. We’re talking about the Sonic sequin dress, a long-sleeved, full-skirted style decked out in dark pink sequins that’s currently priced at £385 (down from its original price of £550, because the fashion gods have been kind).The simple shape (no fussy cut-outs or hard-to-wear necklines here) means that, despite the statement-making sequins and bold colour, the Sonic is remarkably easy to wear. It seems that a clutch of celebrities would agree, too. After modelling the dress in the L.K. Bennett x Preen campaign shoot, Erin O’Connor chose to wear the style again for the collection’s launch party. She’s since been joined by presenter Fearne Cotton (who teamed hers with a pair of slip-on trainers in an Instagram post, proving that sequins do work with dressed-down accessories), singers Sophie Ellis Bextor and Annie Lennox, and actress Olivia Grant.Currently available online at lkbennett.com and in L.K. Bennett stores, we’ll race you to the checkout...READ MORE: Rouje's Jeanne Damas Has The Secret To Low-Key Party DressingREAD MORE: These Are The Most Searched Fashion Terms Of 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While we’re told that imitation is the best form of flattery, the rules are evidently a little different in the fashion world.And while the reinvention of certain designs and styles certainly happens on the regular, there are lines that can be crossed. And it looks like Kim Kardashian West’s foot is on the wrong side of that line.WATCH: 5 Reasons Why Dilone Is Our Favourite Model Right NowThe @diet_prada Instagram account, renowned for shining a social media spotlight on designers poignantly borrowing from other designers, were quick to spot that the holiday collection for Kids Supply, Kim and Kanye’s children’s wear line, seems to resemble pieces by some pretty high-profile designers. We’re talking COMME des Garcons and Vetements.In their Instagram post they wrote: ‘@kimkardashian ! Just when we thought you may have rocked the glitter better than Bey, you had to go and rip an extremely limited edition @commedesgarcons x Kosho & Co souvenir jacket for your @kidssupply line AND that one-of-a-kind custom sequin @vetements_official dress made specially for North. Great message for the little ones!’.The similarities are pretty strong to be fair. Both versions of the COMME des GARCONS jacket bare a gold eagle on the back and apparently ‘Live Free With Strong Will’ is the slogan du jour.The Kids Supply dress, on the other hand, has the same cut, neckline and open back design as the custom Vetements dress which was made for North West last year. To call it a coincidence would be a bit of a stretch. And while some designers are totally cool with the inherent copycat relationship between the catwalk and the high street, this is clearly a bit different. Let’s just say we’re not so sure how flattered the respective labels will be by Kim’s apparent imitation."Hello, lowly subjects. I'm North West. And I'm the best baby in the world. Go on, look at my chubby cheeks and tiny fingers. Aren't I just the cutest? Now shut up and take my picture."14 pictures of North West commanding the camera like an absolute pro2of13"Hello, lowly subjects. I'm North West. And I'm the best baby in the world. Go on, look at my chubby cheeks and tiny fingers. Aren't I just the cutest? Now shut up and take my picture.""This is my dad. He's got a silly name which I can't pronounce because I'm still very much a baby. He likes the sound of his own voice but he's quite good at jiggling me up in the air until I'm sick on his head. The Mum laughs and Dad gets cross.""Sometimes when I have a bad hair day I command Mum to make me look like a baby chick. She loves it. Look at her - she can't keep her hands off my button nose.""Here's me about to show Mum just why she shouldn't trust gravity minutes after feeding me.""Mum and Dad got dressed up all silly today and Granny Kris kept crying and Auntie Khloe drank too much of Mum's Mummy Juice and fell over. It was fun, even when I had a nappy accident in my white dress. Actually, that was the best bit.""This is me with some peasants who came to wish me a happy first birthday. I don't know what was in that cake, but I knew I wanted to wear it in my hair.""Stand over there, man, and don't get your germs on my adorable face.""Someone tried to tell me Blue Ivy was cuter than me. I sneezed in their face. That'll learn 'em.""I was all set to go to the gym but then Mum showed up in this frankly unacceptable top and I made her go and get changed."God, I hate when my staff can't get their s**t together. Where's my goddamn car? I refuse to be carried one step further.""This is the day Dad took me to the place he called a Stoo-dee-O. I didn't really understand what it was for because all Dad did was play me some of his music. Didn't think much of it TBH - I much prefer Twinkle Twinkle.""Mum dressed us in matching outfits today. Soooo cringeworthy. It's alright though - I smushed some banana onto her top during lunch so she had to go and change. That'll teach her - get your own style, Mum!""Me and Dad reeeeeally wanted to go to soft-play but Mum said Granny Kris was coming over and Dad said something under his breath that sounded like, "For God's sake why did you ever give her that spare key" and Mum said, "What did you say?" and Dad said, "Nothing, darling!" and Mum said, "Humph" and anyway we ended up not going to soft-play."Like this? You might also be interested in…A Definitive Timeline Of Kim Kardashian’s 10-Year Wardrobe OverhaulUnpicking Kim Kardashian’s Ultra 90s OutfitIt’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs NowFollow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Secret Santa sounds simple in theory, but in practice, it can be a lot more faff than fun. The art of giving gifts, so it turns out, is heavily reliant on knowing the person well, especially when you’re on a budget. And, as you’re more likely to get Susan from HR than your resident work wife, knowing what they like/hate/is allergic to is probably guesswork. There’s a high chance - and I know I’m generalizing about gender here - that if you’re buying for a woman that she won’t be opposed to a beauty-themed gift. Now, we’re not suggesting you attempt to guess her Fenty foundation colour, but who could say no to a Neom oil or a designer lip color? No one I know, at least. To prevent yuletide panic here are nine great gifts for a small budget…Like this? You might also be interested in...The Christmas Gift Guide To Send To Your Mum (So She Knows What To Get You)The Only 5 Alcoholic Christmas Advent Calendars Worth Buying For £50 Or LessThe Best Christmas Day Outfits That Have An Elasticated Waistband (Because. Chocolate.)Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In partnership with TK Maxx.We followed influencer Liberty London Girl through the TK Maxx store in Covent Garden to find out how to make Christmas shopping a walk in the park. With a huge assortment of big brands, designer labels and one off gems to choose from, there's something for every budget at TK Maxx.Watch the video below for inspiration on Christmas gifting and for some handy tips on how to shop like a pro at TK Maxx. Go, go, go!TK Maxx is the home of big gifts, small prices at Christmas. This year , a number of bespoke 'White Christmas' snow globes will be hidden in stores nationwide and lucky shoppers who find one will be treated to an extra special delivery of actual snow to their own homes. To find out more, click here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With Alexa Chung, Stella McCartney, Stranger Things’ resident couple Charlie Heaton and Natalia Dyer and even Miss Piggy on the red carpet, last night’s annual Fashion Awards put the nations glamour credentials on an international stage. Held in London’s Royal Albert Hall it celebrated the great and the good of global style, honouring the likes of Donatella Versace, Raf Simons, JW Anderson and Adwoa Aboah with the top prizes.The best dressed guests...Adwoa Aboah in Halpern and a custom Stephen Jones turban.Fashion Awards 2017's Best Dressed 1of31Charlie Heaton and Natalia Dyer both in Coach. Ashley Graham in Vivienne Westwood Couture. Kaia Gerber in Ralph & Russo. Adwoa Aboah in Halpern and a custom Stephen Jones turban.Halima Aden in Topshop. Naomi Campbell in Azzedine Alaïa.Naomi Campbell in Versace. Stormzy.Pink and Annabelle Wallis (far right) in Stella McCartney with Stella McCartney wearing her eponymous label.Giovanna Battaglia Englebert in Richard Quinn.Rita Ora in Versace.Alexa Chung in ALEXACHUNG.Georgia May Jagger in custom Matty Bovan. Holly Willoughby in House of Fraser and Sophia Webster. Clara Paget.Rita Ora in Versace.Jourdan Dunn in Versace with Karlie Kloss in Vivienne Westwood Couture. Eva Herzigova in Versace. Winnie Harlow in Brandon Maxwell. Karlie Kloss in Erdem.Anna Ewers in Saint Laurent. Emma Louise Connolly in River Island Karlie Kloss in DiorHailey Baldwin in Topshop. Maisie Williams in Coach. Bianca Jagger with Karlie Kloss in Calvin Klein. Zendaya in Vivetta. Amber Valletta in Saint Laurent. Lewis Hamilton with Donatella Versace. Selena Gomez in CoachAnja Rubik in Saint Laurent. It was London-based Aboah who scooped the highly-anticipated ‘Model of the Year’ trophy after losing out last year to Gigi Hadid. Again she was up against very steep competition, with many tipping the likes of Kaia Herber, Winnie Harlow and either Bella or Gigi Hadid to win. But it was the 25-year-old who gracefully accepted the award while wearing a sequin jumpsuit by Emerging Talent winner Michael Halpern and a custom turban by Stephen Jones. Her make-up was courtesy of American-import Glossier plus a sweep of violet eyeshadow to off-set her glittering ensemble.The winners...British Designer of the Year – Womenswear: for JW Anderson and Accessories Designer of the Year for Loewe: Jonathan AndersonWho: Dublin-born, London-based designer, 33, affectionately known as J Dubs, has become a veritable ahead- of-the-curve designer, as phenomenally skilled at producing It bags as he is at creating must-have clothes.What: A prolific ideas machine, he's produced hit after hit with his agenda-setting designs that span Madrid-based leather powerhouse Loewe and his London-based own-label operation. Why: He scooped a double whammy because he's a pioneering trend-maker as well as a commercial big-hitter (the Pierce and Puzzle bags are recurring sell-outs), making his shows (Loewe in Paris, J Dubs in London) priority must-sees.British Designer of the Year – Menswear: Craig Green Who: One of the highlights of the London Collections: Men's schedule, Hendon-born Green is five years into his namesake label. What: Meticulously detailed, ingeniously constructed minimal menswear that riffs on classic utilitarian clothing. The quilted workwear jackets are a signature.Why: This is the second year in a row Green's scooped this award, testament to his sophisticated vision. The ability to blend the conceptual with the commercial marks him out as an exceptional talent, as well as the captain of a thriving brand.Fashion Icon: Versace and Donatella Versace Who: the feminist powerhouse behind fashion's most glamorous brand. What: This year marks the 20th anniversary of Gianni Versace's death and the subsequent two decades that saw Donatella at the helm, advocating empowerment for women through her unapologetically sexy-glam vision. Why: Her last show, a tribute to her brother that included a finale line-up of gold chain-mail-clad supermodels, will go down in fashion history as a seminal moment. Get on the waitlist for any pieces from the S/S'18 show: guaranteed future heirlooms. Model of the Year: Adwoa AboahWho: The 25-year old Ghanaian-British West Londoner who is redefining what it means to be a model now.What: Aboah's star's gone stellar this year: scooping major campaigns, taking to the catwalk for the biggest brands (Chanel, Burberry, Dior) and topping it o by being anointed as Edward Enninful's debut Vogue cover girl. Why: It's Gurls Talk – Aboah's online community, which helps empower girls – that really cements her status as the most super of the new supers.British Emerging Talent – Menswear: Charles Jeffrey for Charles Jeffrey LOVERBOY Who: The ring-leader of a new generation of London creatives and club kids, Glaswegian designer and illustrator Jeffrey graduated from Central Saint Martins in 2015.What: Dance-floor couture. Artists, performers, musicians, drag queens, poets and boogiers at his cult club nights inform Jeffrey's exuberant, gender-fluid aesthetic. Why: Jeffrey's delightfully OTT collections are a celebration of difference and diversity.Business Leader: Marco Bizzarri for Gucci Who: The Gucci CEO who in 2015 backed the then unknown Alessandro Michele. Together they have made Gucci the undisputed brand reinvention of the early 21st century.What: Guts, vision and a masterful strategy – that's what it took to install the studio backroom boy and allow him to completely reinvent Gucci – from its hard-as-glass glamazonian ideal to a full-blown, more-is-more, vintage-meets-street eccentric.Why: Today, Gucci flourishes as one of the world's best known and commercially successful brands, boasting 50% of its consumers born after 1980 and a turnover of over €4 billion (£3.5bn) in 2016.Special Recognition for Innovation: Stella McCartney, OBE Who: The needs-no introduction designer launched her eponymous label in 2001 and now sits atop a global brand.What: A lifelong vegetarian and passionate animal rights activist, McCartney never uses leather, fur or skins. This commitment means she has sought out innovative, ethical alternatives that make minimal environmental impact and never scrimp on style.Why: 'Stella is a fashion pioneer, she has created a modern business that in turn has led her to be at the forefront of sustainable sourcing and material innovation. She is proof that high and ethical fashion combined can create astonishing results,' says Natalie Massenet.British Emerging Talent – Womenswear: Michael Halpern for Halpern Who: 30-year old Central Saint Martins graduate, London-based New Yorker Michael Halpern.What: Disco ball dazzle – think outrageously fun satin and sequin- smothered flares and tunics.Why: Halpern has pioneered a return to unabashed, '70s-inflected glamour – and is doing storming business with it. Mischievously walking the line between good and bad taste, this is the glitzy, optimistic tonic we need right now.Urban Luxe: Off-White Who: Virgil Abloh, 37-year-old Chicago- raised renaissance man and Kanye West's creative director. What: The streetwear label has serious kudos with the influencers who matter. Collabs with the likes of Nike, Moncler and Ikea have further cemented Off-White's status as one of the most exciting brands around.Why: Abloh has been one of the leading forces behind catapulting streetwear into high-fashion territory, redefining what luxury looks like now. World domination seems inevitable.Swarovski Award for Positive Change: Maria Grazia Chiuri, Dior Who: Italian Maria Grazia Chiuri became Dior's first female artistic director in 2016, after 17 years at Valentino.What: The 53-year-old has set about making Dior 'woke'; the rallying cry tees (see: 'We Should All Be Feminists') have provoked endless debates about the role of feminism in fashion. Why: 'Maria Grazia has combined her own long-standing commitment to female empowerment with true creative magic to bring today's most vital conversations to fashion's front row,' says Nadja Swarovski, who sponsors the award.Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator: Pat McGrath, MBE Who: British born, New York-based Pat is simply the world's best-loved and most innovative make-up artist – with the emphasis on artist. What: Her tools are not only brushes, powders and paint, but feathers, gold leaf and sequins – nothing is off-limits, whether she's creating inspirational one-off editorials with photographer Steven Meisel or giving 60 models a super-charged power glow backstage at Versace.Why: A total one-off, she decided to pour her expertise into her own line, Pat McGrath Labs, so now we can apply a bit of her genius with products named Phantom 002, Skin Fetish 003 and the latest: Metalmorphosis 005 – available at Sephora or on patmcgrath.com.Designer of The Year: Raf Simons for Calvin Klein Who: The Antwerp Academy alumni, 49, who redefined menswear in the 1990s with his eponymous line, held the post of artistic director at Dior womenswear from 2012 to 2015, and in 2016 started a new chapter, for men and women, at Calvin Klein. What: Maker of cool. Transformer of powerhouses. Why: It's all about the Raf-isms; the way he saturates clothes with art, pop culture and politics to create era-defining fashion. Why: It's all about the Raf-isms; the way he saturates clothes with art, pop culture and politics to create era-defining fashion. The capital’s fashion community watched Naomi Campbell lead a tribute to the late Azzedine Alia and Rita Ora dressed in Versace sing George Michael’s Freedom before making their way to editors Derek Blasberg and Lauren Santo Domingo after-parties.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With Alexa Chung, Stella McCartney, Stranger Things’ resident couple Charlie Heaton and Natalia Dyer and even Miss Piggy on the red carpet, last night’s annual Fashion Awards put the nations glamour credentials on an international stage. Held in London’s Royal Albert Hall it celebrated the great and the good of global style, honouring the likes of Donatella Versace, Raf Simons, JW Anderson and Adwoa Aboah with the top prizes.The Best Dressed Guests...Adwoa Aboah in Halpern and a custom Stephen Jones turban.Fashion Awards 2017's Best Dressed 1of31Charlie Heaton and Natalia Dyer both in Coach. Ashley Graham in Vivienne Westwood Couture. Kaia Gerber in Ralph & Russo. Adwoa Aboah in Halpern and a custom Stephen Jones turban.Halima Aden in Topshop. Naomi Campbell in Azzedine Alaïa.Naomi Campbell in Versace. Stormzy.Pink and Annabelle Wallis (far right) in Stella McCartney with Stella McCartney wearing her eponymous label.Giovanna Battaglia Englebert in Richard Quinn.Rita Ora in Versace.Alexa Chung in ALEXACHUNG.Georgia May Jagger in custom Matty Bovan. Holly Willoughby in House of Fraser and Sophia Webster. Clara Paget.Rita Ora in Versace.Jourdan Dunn in Versace with Karlie Kloss in Vivienne Westwood Couture. Eva Herzigova in Versace. Winnie Harlow in Brandon Maxwell. Karlie Kloss in Erdem.Anna Ewers in Saint Laurent. Emma Louise Connolly in River Island Karlie Kloss in DiorHailey Baldwin in Topshop. Maisie Williams in Coach. Bianca Jagger with Karlie Kloss in Calvin Klein. Zendaya in Vivetta. Amber Valletta in Saint Laurent. Lewis Hamilton with Donatella Versace. Selena Gomez in CoachAnja Rubik in Saint Laurent. It was London-based Aboah who scooped the highly-anticipated ‘Model of the Year’ trophy after losing out last year to Gigi Hadid. Again she was up against very steep competition, with many tipping the likes of Kaia Herber, Winnie Harlow and either Bella or Gigi Hadid to win. But it was the 25-year-old who gracefully accepted the award while wearing a sequin jumpsuit by Emerging Talent winner Michael Halpern and a custom turban by Stephen Jones. Her make-up was courtesy of American-import Glossier plus a sweep of violet eyeshadow to off-set her glittering ensemble.The Winners...British Designer of the Year – Womenswear: for JW Anderson and Accessories Designer of the Year for Loewe: Jonathan AndersonWho: Dublin-born, London-based designer, 33, affectionately known as J Dubs, has become a veritable ahead- of-the-curve designer, as phenomenally skilled at producing It bags as he is at creating must-have clothes.What: A prolific ideas machine, he's produced hit after hit with his agenda-setting designs that span Madrid-based leather powerhouse Loewe and his London-based own-label operation. Why: He scooped a double whammy because he's a pioneering trend-maker as well as a commercial big-hitter (the Pierce and Puzzle bags are recurring sell-outs), making his shows (Loewe in Paris, J Dubs in London) priority must-sees.British Designer of the Year – Menswear: Craig Green Who: One of the highlights of the London Collections: Men's schedule, Hendon-born Green is five years into his namesake label. What: Meticulously detailed, ingeniously constructed minimal menswear that riffs on classic utilitarian clothing. The quilted workwear jackets are a signature.Why: This is the second year in a row Green's scooped this award, testament to his sophisticated vision. The ability to blend the conceptual with the commercial marks him out as an exceptional talent, as well as the captain of a thriving brand.Fashion Icon: Versace and Donatella Versace Who: the feminist powerhouse behind fashion's most glamorous brand. What: This year marks the 20th anniversary of Gianni Versace's death and the subsequent two decades that saw Donatella at the helm, advocating empowerment for women through her unapologetically sexy-glam vision. Why: Her last show, a tribute to her brother that included a finale line-up of gold chain-mail-clad supermodels, will go down in fashion history as a seminal moment. Get on the waitlist for any pieces from the S/S'18 show: guaranteed future heirlooms. Model of the Year: Adwoa AboahWho: The 25-year old Ghanaian-British West Londoner who is redefining what it means to be a model now.What: Aboah's star's gone stellar this year: scooping major campaigns, taking to the catwalk for the biggest brands (Chanel, Burberry, Dior) and topping it o by being anointed as Edward Enninful's debut Vogue cover girl. Why: It's Gurls Talk – Aboah's online community, which helps empower girls – that really cements her status as the most super of the new supers.British Emerging Talent – Menswear: Charles Jeffrey for Charles Jeffrey LOVERBOY Who: The ring-leader of a new generation of London creatives and club kids, Glaswegian designer and illustrator Jeffrey graduated from Central Saint Martins in 2015.What: Dance-floor couture. Artists, performers, musicians, drag queens, poets and boogiers at his cult club nights inform Jeffrey's exuberant, gender-fluid aesthetic. Why: Jeffrey's delightfully OTT collections are a celebration of difference and diversity.Business Leader: Marco Bizzarri for Gucci Who: The Gucci CEO who in 2015 backed the then unknown Alessandro Michele. Together they have made Gucci the undisputed brand reinvention of the early 21st century.What: Guts, vision and a masterful strategy – that's what it took to install the studio backroom boy and allow him to completely reinvent Gucci – from its hard-as-glass glamazonian ideal to a full-blown, more-is-more, vintage-meets-street eccentric.Why: Today, Gucci flourishes as one of the world's best known and commercially successful brands, boasting 50% of its consumers born after 1980 and a turnover of over €4 billion (£3.5bn) in 2016.Special Recognition for Innovation: Stella McCartney, OBE Who: The needs-no introduction designer launched her eponymous label in 2001 and now sits atop a global brand.What: A lifelong vegetarian and passionate animal rights activist, McCartney never uses leather, fur or skins. This commitment means she has sought out innovative, ethical alternatives that make minimal environmental impact and never scrimp on style.Why: 'Stella is a fashion pioneer, she has created a modern business that in turn has led her to be at the forefront of sustainable sourcing and material innovation. She is proof that high and ethical fashion combined can create astonishing results,' says Natalie Massenet.British Emerging Talent – Womenswear: Michael Halpern for Halpern Who: 30-year old Central Saint Martins graduate, London-based New Yorker Michael Halpern.What: Disco ball dazzle – think outrageously fun satin and sequin- smothered flares and tunics.Why: Halpern has pioneered a return to unabashed, '70s-inflected glamour – and is doing storming business with it. Mischievously walking the line between good and bad taste, this is the glitzy, optimistic tonic we need right now.Urban Luxe: Off-White Who: Virgil Abloh, 37-year-old Chicago- raised renaissance man and Kanye West's creative director. What: The streetwear label has serious kudos with the influencers who matter. Collabs with the likes of Nike, Moncler and Ikea have further cemented Off-White's status as one of the most exciting brands around.Why: Abloh has been one of the leading forces behind catapulting streetwear into high-fashion territory, redefining what luxury looks like now. World domination seems inevitable.Swarovski Award for Positive Change: Maria Grazia Chiuri, Dior Who: Italian Maria Grazia Chiuri became Dior's first female artistic director in 2016, after 17 years at Valentino.What: The 53-year-old has set about making Dior 'woke'; the rallying cry tees (see: 'We Should All Be Feminists') have provoked endless debates about the role of feminism in fashion. Why: 'Maria Grazia has combined her own long-standing commitment to female empowerment with true creative magic to bring today's most vital conversations to fashion's front row,' says Nadja Swarovski, who sponsors the award.Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator: Pat McGrath, MBE Who: British born, New York-based Pat is simply the world's best-loved and most innovative make-up artist – with the emphasis on artist. What: Her tools are not only brushes, powders and paint, but feathers, gold leaf and sequins – nothing is off-limits, whether she's creating inspirational one-off editorials with photographer Steven Meisel or giving 60 models a super-charged power glow backstage at Versace.Why: A total one-off, she decided to pour her expertise into her own line, Pat McGrath Labs, so now we can apply a bit of her genius with products named Phantom 002, Skin Fetish 003 and the latest: Metalmorphosis 005 – available at Sephora or on patmcgrath.com.Designer of The Year: Raf Simons for Calvin Klein Who: The Antwerp Academy alumni, 49, who redefined menswear in the 1990s with his eponymous line, held the post of artistic director at Dior womenswear from 2012 to 2015, and in 2016 started a new chapter, for men and women, at Calvin Klein. What: Maker of cool. Transformer of powerhouses. Why: It's all about the Raf-isms; the way he saturates clothes with art, pop culture and politics to create era-defining fashion. Why: It's all about the Raf-isms; the way he saturates clothes with art, pop culture and politics to create era-defining fashion. The capital’s fashion community watched Naomi Campbell lead a tribute to the late Azzedine Alia and Rita Ora dressed in Versace sing George Michael’s Freedom before making their way to editors Derek Blasberg and Lauren Santo Domingo after-parties.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Officially speaking, we’ve only just entered winter. The Met office says the 1st of December is the formal kick-off of the year’s coldest stretch. And, yet I feel like I’ve to spend the last few months shivering and wrestling with my wardrobe to find solutions. Generalising greatly here but, winter outfits are not chic. There is just so much fabric and so many layers. Add in that December is a difficult month to sartorially navigate as it’s choked with back-to-back events, big meals and icy cold temperatures and you’ve got a real conundrum on your hands. So feel lucky that someone at Zara HQ feels the same as they’ve designed 11 items that will sort out every style woe you’ll have this month. The office party? Check. Toe-warming boots? Yes. A coat for all climates? 100%.Like this? You might also be interested in...The Curious Mystery Of Selena Gomez’s TopThis Is How Much The Average Teenager’s Face CostsWhat's So Wrong With Co-Ordinated Best-Friend DressingFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Things have never been so good for Rihanna.Her line Fenty Beauty was this year’s most talked-about beauty release, with consumers of all skin tones queuing to buy her Trophy Wife highlighters and Pro’Filtr Foundations. Other notable achievements include (allegedly) shacking up with billionaire Saudi prince Hassan Jamel, which we wholeheartedly applaud. And then there's the fact that the Barbadian government have named a road after her – aptly named Rihanna (Shut Up And) Drive – to celebrate the star’s role as the nation’s most famous cultural ambassador, and it’s easy to see that Rihanna is bigger than ever. But even superstars need downtime, so it was no surprise that bad girl Riri took some time out of her busy schedule to sit and chill with a bottle of the local Banks beer – and it’s even less of a surprise that she did it in style.Not one to carry around her beer bottle in a paper bag or in her bare hands, Riri opted to transport her Barbadian beverage in a vintage Chanel Bottle Holder from Karl Lagerfeld’s 1994 Fall Winter Collection.The bottle holder bag has been an important but irreverent piece of fashion history ever since it was first spotted hanging from the shoulders of Claudia Schiffer at Chanel’s 1994 Fall Winter runway show. (And what a show it was, with every 90s supermodel from Naomi Campbell to Carla Bruni and Cindy Crawford gracing the stage, and one model gliding down the runaway in a perfect pair of custom made Chanel roller-skates.) Said to have cost $1500 at the time of release – that’s about $3000, or about £2230 if we factor in today’s inflation - the bottle holder is a rarity which occasionally pops up in luxury vintage stores or e-retailers. The Haus of Rihanna reports that Riri nabbed hers from vintage e-retailer What Goes Around Comes Around, and there have been some on sale on FarFetch and 1stdibs. But unfortunately for anyone who wants something fancy to hold their bottle of Champagne (or Cava), the item is sold out online.We know it’s a little luxurious, but the bottle holder is cute – so cute you don’t even need a bottle inside to show it off. Check out how Rihanna rocks it:Love it or loathe, you have to agree that Riri rocks it!Liked this? You might also be interested in: Why We Need To Stop Putting Rhianna In A RelationshipRihanna Is A Secret Maths Teacher ExtraordinaireRihanna's Fenty Blotting Paper Has A Secret Double Use Follow Ebere on Twitter @NwezeEbereThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sarah Jessica Parker is adding another string to her bow with a new childrenswear collection, to be launched in collaboration with Gap.As yet few details have been released, but we’re expecting it to be a great range – and rumour has it it’ll be available to buy as soon as Spring 2018. The limited-edition range will be sold online and in select stores around the world, but it’s unknown where the price points will sit.It’s an interesting move for the retailer, with reports suggesting their children’s clothing sells a great deal better than the adult collections. They only recently launched a BabyGap subscription service, which allows frequent Gap shoppers to pay $70 for a monthly box of clothes, which they then have 21 days to either hold on to or send back. Sarah Jessica Parker has been involved with Gap before, famously featuring in former campaigns (her involvement was believed to have been good for the brand at that time).Along with her new shoe collection and a new series of popular, dry drama ‘Divorce’, SJP is looking to be one busy lady!READ MORE: Sarah Jessica Parker Is Opening Her First Ever Fashion BoutiqueREAD MORE: SJP's New Show Will Be Nothing Like Sex And The City© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following the Harvey Weinstein scandal, assault and harassment allegations swept the entertainment industry in unparalleled numbers, but it was the fashion world that had its moment of reckoning this weekend. Acclaimed married photographer Bruce Weber has been accused by male model Jason Boyce of sexual harassment and discrimination based on his gender.The full complaint claims that Weber, who has shot for American Vogue, Vanity Fair and worked with brands like Ralph Lauren, Versace and Louis Vuitton, forced Boyce to touch his genitals. The 19-page document, which was filed to the New York State Supreme Court, recalls an incident that allegedly occurred in December 2014 where Weber grabbed Boyce and kissed him on the lips. It states, ‘Weber put his fingers in Mr Boyce’s mouth. Shocked, Mr Boyce opened his eyes. Mr Weber told him to keep his eyes closed, and kept his fingers in Mr Boyce’s mouth. “If you just had confidence, you’d go really far,” Mr Weber whispered. “How far do you want to make it? How ambitious are you?” Mr Boyce did not respond.’After the episode, the model further claimed that the lensman attempted to get in touch on multiple occasions. And, after reporting this to his then-agent at Soul Artist Management, he moved to California and quit the industry. It has been reported that ‘Mr. Boyce felt intense dread at the thought of a modelling career in an industry where Mr Weber was considered by many to be a top photographer and primary champion of male models. He was worried that he would continue to run into Mr Weber throughout his career.’Following this, Boyce claims he has suffered: ‘mental anguish and humiliation, as well as adverse employment consequences, including loss of future wages, professional opportunities and other valuable benefits and emoluments of employment’.Weber is the second celebrated fashion photographer to be called out for sexual misconduct this year. After years of rumours and accusations deviant behaviour, several publishing companies, including Condé Nast International, Hearst and The Wall Street Journal severed ties with Terry Richardson.If you have experienced sexual assault, harassment or violence and need support, please contact RASASC or call 0808 802 9999© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following the Harvey Weinstein scandal, assault and harassment allegations swept the entertainment industry in unparalleled numbers, but it was the fashion world that had its moment of reckoning this weekend. Acclaimed married photographer Bruce Weber has been accused by male model Jason Boyce of sexual harassment and discrimination based on his gender.The full complaint claims that Weber, who has shot for American Vogue, Vanity Fair and worked with brands like Ralph Lauren, Versace and Louis Vuitton, forced Boyce to touch his genitals. The 19-page document, which was filed to the New York State Supreme Court, recalls an incident that allegedly occurred in December 2014 where Weber grabbed Boyce and kissed him on the lips. It states, ‘Weber put his fingers in Mr Boyce’s mouth. Shocked, Mr Boyce opened his eyes. Mr Weber told him to keep his eyes closed, and kept his fingers in Mr Boyce’s mouth. “If you just had confidence, you’d go really far,” Mr Weber whispered. “How far do you want to make it? How ambitious are you?” Mr Boyce did not respond.’After the episode, the model further claimed that the lensman attempted to get in touch on multiple occasions. And, after reporting this to his then-agent at Soul Artist Management, he moved to California and quit the industry. It has been reported that ‘Mr. Boyce felt intense dread at the thought of a modelling career in an industry where Mr Weber was considered by many to be a top photographer and primary champion of male models. He was worried that he would continue to run into Mr Weber throughout his career.’Following this, Boyce claims he has suffered: ‘mental anguish and humiliation, as well as adverse employment consequences, including loss of future wages, professional opportunities and other valuable benefits and emoluments of employment’.Weber is the second celebrated fashion photographer to be called out for sexual misconduct this year. After years of rumours and accusations deviant behaviour, several publishing companies, including Condé Nast International, Hearst and The Wall Street Journal severed ties with Terry Richardson.If you have experienced sexual assault, harassment or violence and need support, please contact RASASC or call 0808 802 9999© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you fall into the glam-dress-to-wear-around-the-house-despite-not-actually-seeing-anyone-except-your-mum-and-sister style tribe or stick to fleecy pajamas - we can all appreciate that your Christmas Day outfit should be able to cater for the 1,001 Quality Street chocolates, you accidentally scoff.To the individual who made elasticated waistbands a thing - I salute you, hun.I tried on all the New Look new-in section for an outfit that would still look babein' after my annual Christmas Day binge.If you're more extra than a pack of Wrigley's gum, then I have found your Christmas day outfit! The playsuit expertly wraps in the middle and will conceal your inevitable turkey-baby. No need to thank me, just get me a Charlotte Tilbury palette or something. New Look, Burgundy Velvet Lace Panel Wrap Front Playsuit, £24.99; New Look, Gold Glitter Strappy Heeled Sandals, £11.49If you're more extra than a pack of Wrigley's gum, then I have found your Christmas day outfit! The playsuit expertly wraps in the middle and will conceal your inevitable turkey-baby. No need to thank me, just get me a Charlotte Tilbury palette or something. New Look, Burgundy Velvet Lace Panel Wrap Front Playsuit, £24.99; New Look, Gold Glitter Strappy Heeled Sandals, £11.49Christmas Day is the only time where your parents don't get worried when you inhale cheese and a box of sweets in five minutes. It's also the only day when you can wear a cute cami with your jogging bottoms. Revel in it. New Look, Shell Pink Cowl Neck Cami, £14.99; New Look, Burgundy Slim Leg Joggers, £9.99Stretchy trousers? Tick. Ruffled hem to distract Grandparents from asking when you'll get married? Tick. Great jacket that will go with EVERYTHING? Tick. New Look please, take all my money. New Look, Grey Suedette Biker Jacket, £39.99; New Look, Black Metallic Chevron Ruched Crop Top, £22.99; New Look, Black Frill Hem Trousers, £19.99; New Look, Gold Glitter Strappy Heeled Sandals, £11.49How do you make an effort without actually doing so? Dress head-to-toe in one hue. Just ask Gigi Hadid.New Look, Grey Ribbed Batwing Sleeve Funnel Neck Jumper, £22.99; New Look, Light Grey Check Leggings, £19.99This is everything you could want from a dress on the day one of the year when you eat 14 roast potatoes. The shape is super flattering and as glitzy as Mark Francis at a Christmas Eve ball. New Look, Black Polka Dot Frill Trim Wrap Dress, £14.99; New Look, Silver Glitter Platform Block Heel Sandals, £17.99Like this? You might also be interested in:The Politics Of Whether To Spend Christmas Day With Your Boyfriend Or Girlfriend's Family The Bittersweet Moment When Christmas Stops Being About You, And Starts Being About Your ParentsThe Reality Of Being A Suburban Drug Dealer On Christmas EveFollow Aimee on Instagram: @a1meejakesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Did you hear the klaxon? The festive party season has officially kicked off. During the warmer months when the concept of ‘dressing-up’ means swapping shorts for a cotton shift, the idea of breaking out the sequins for a Christmas party seems distant and glamorous. But, with the invitations now mounting for office events, family get-togethers and Christmas cocktails, it can start to feel less delightful and more daunting.Considering what to wear is a geographical challenge. You have to consider getting from point A to B without catching your death while knowing that once you arrive the heating will be on high, a fire may well be burning and more likely than not a hot toddy or a bucket of mulled wine will be forced into your hands. Makes me feel feverish just thinking about it. That said, we at The Debrief need little encouragement to wear our going out-out clothes. While the trend for athleisure and jeans and a nice top may show no signs of waning sometimes nothing can beat the frill of a new dress. Glittery or minimalist, take your pick for this season our favourite designers have something for everyone.Like this? You might also be interested in...This All Female Designer Pop-Up Shop Has Your Christmas Presents SortedAccording To This 'Expert' - Your Fave Christmas Decorations Are Probably Common AFSecret Santa Gifts You Can Buy Your Work Pal For Under £5Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Heathrow.'Tis the season of gifting, and if you're stuck with what to buy a friend or family member, then rest assured that Grazia have you covered. From on-trend metallic trainers, to slick luggage bags and watches, we're here to get into the festive spirit. How, you ask? Thanks to the premium shops at Heathrow, which include stores like Sunglass Hut and Dixons Travel.You can even reserve and collect these gifts to make the task of Christmas shopping even easier. Plus, collect points with everything you do at Heathrow with Heathrow Rewards, where you could receive up to 15,000 extra points (worth £150) for treating your loved ones to jewellery, watches or tech gifts. Pretty ideal, right?Carry the sporty-luxe trend into the New Year with these metallic trainers from Ted Baker. Pair with jeans and a simple tee for a fuss-free look.Kuleic Trainers, £100 from Ted Baker. Available at all Heathrow Terminals.Stuck on a gift for your best friend? Try this slick silver tote which will make for the perfect accessory for any outfit. We're adding this to our wish-list as we speak!Silver Tote Bag, £70.83 from Cath Kidston. Available at all Heathrow Terminals.Got a friend who's obsessed with the gym? Help them keep on top of their fitness goals with the Fitbit Alta HR. As well as tracking the amount of steps they've taken daily, and how many calories they've burned, it can help them adjust their lifestyle to their activity goals.Fitbit Alta HR, £109.99 from Dixons Travel. Available at all Heathrow Terminals.Know a frequent traveller? We've found the perfect gift for them: this sleek-designed, lightweight, navy blue luggage case from Rimowa. We love.Rimowa Salsa Air 55cm Cabin Multiwheel Case in Navy Blue, £315.84 from Case. Available at Heathrow Terminal 2.You may not think it, but sunglasses are the perfect gift to give this Christmas. Suitable for all-year-round wear, you can rock them during summer and also during any winter breaks (think seasonal skiing in the Swiss Alps).Versace Sunglasses (product style number 0VE2181), £176 from Sunglasses Hut. Available at all Heathrow Terminals.Forget gifting this to a friend - you'll want to keep the glamorous Sofie Smartworth from Michael Kors all to yourself. If you ask us, the gold-tone plating and savvy tech are definitely worth investing in.Michael Kors Sofie Smartwatch, Price from £319 from Dixons Travel. Available at all Heathrow Terminals.Add a modern edge to any look with these simple ball earrings. Sophisticated and timeless? Check and check!Tiffany City HardWear Ball Hook Earrings in 18k gold, £662 from Tiffany. Available at Heathrow Terminal 5.Prices correct at time of publish. Products subject to availability.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve all got our body foibles. For some, it may be chicken skin, for others their thighs. Though friends and family call us silly and tell us to get over ourselves, sometimes the only way to feel comfortable is to not draw attention to whatever makes us uncomfortable - and for me, it's my arms. Though I don’t think I should have to hide my body, sometimes I just want to. And, that should be my prerogative. However, with the rise of the going ‘out-out’ top and fashion’s weakness for spaghetti straps I’m left with a dilemma: how can I wear a sleeveless top yet still feel comfortable? Let these five women show you - and me - how…Leandra Medine just served up a styling solution for tricky tank tops. Technically speaking, this is one for the cooler months when irrational weather means layering is a must. Use a crisp, starched shirt to delay jacket season.A structured layer you can drape across your shoulders will make you feel infinitely more comfortable.Make the daytime case for a slinky slip or a post-watershed top by channelling the ‘90s with a white tee worn underneath. Not only will it add structure but it will prepare you for inclement weather.Though cardigans are undergoing a rebrand, we’re still not convinced about their edginess. But, Dua Lipa’s silky mint shirt, on the other hand, we can get down with.The idea of a shawl seemed so passe right up until the moment Paloma Elsesser took to the CFDA red carpet it this tangerine dream of an Adam Selman outfit. All of a sudden, the concept of a silk wrap suddenly seemed the definition of chic. Sold.Like this? You might also be interested in...Some 'Get Shirty' Styling Tips To Steal From InstagramWhy You’re Going To Want To Wear The ‘Blouser’ Trend6 People Who Are Making Us Want White BootFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It all started when a brunette woman from Texas wore a red tracksuit and white strappy heels with round aviator sunglasses to the airport in 2016. As it turns out, it was the world-famous singer and actress Selena Gomez who has 130million Instagram followers, and she was wearing a Vetements trackie and Dior Sunnies. It was then that we knew Selena Gomez had adopted an entirely new sartorial personality.While it’s little surprise that a year and a half on her style reinvention has gone the way of Sandy’s from Grease but, we’re just a little taken aback by how literal it is. At the annual Billboard Women in Music ceremony last night, where Gomez won the ‘Woman of the Year’ award, she wore an outfit that stopped us in our tracks.Along with a pair of £4,825 slashed leather Versace trousers, she wore a black inverted bustier by the same Italian label. Styled by Kate Young, with pretty low-key hair by Marissa Marino, the head-to-toe runway ensemble looked hella hot on Selena. That said, we were left with just a few questions we wouldn't mind having answers to...(Just asking for a friend).Like this? You might also be interested in...Allison Williams' Assistant Has Been Trolling Her Instagram And It's HilariousThat Time We All Wore Prom Dresses And Sneakers Because Of Lily Allen9 Reasons Dilone Is Our New Fave ModelFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The year was 2006, Tony Blair was Prime Minister, and you’d regularly find yourself humming the tune to Smile. With dark, twisted lyrics and a wickedly catchy melody, Lily Allen sauntered into our world. The posh girl with a cockney accent. Cheeky and rude. Messy and relatable. Allen with her mighty Myspace following burst onto the scene in a sea of prom dresses and sneakers. And we were all enamoured. Our wardrobes during that era are a testament to the fact. They burst at the seams with vintage gowns and were stuffed full of trainers. Likewise, our jewellery boxes became goldmines for chunky pendant necklaces and oversized hoops. Sure, Lily wasn’t the first to wear such items, but she was the first to make the look mainstream. For all her faults – and the critics have spat many at her in the past – we will never be able to forget these items Lily Allen made us wear…Allen subscribed to a specific style algorithm: prom dress plus sneakers equals chic. Wait a second, didn't we all in 2006?  That Time We All Wore Prom Dresses And Sneakers Because Of Lily Allen2of7Allen subscribed to a specific style algorithm: prom dress plus sneakers equals chic. Wait a second, didn't we all in 2006?  Once upon a time (not so long ago) fashion advice was found on TV. In-between talking about 'bangers' (boobs) and advising people to walk around shopping centres in their underwear, Gok Wan believed strongly in the power of the waist belt. We weren't the only ones to fall for it. Looking like she'd dunked her head in a jewellery trough down Portabello market, this is a quintessential Allen look: vintage-y dress, white Reeboks and lashings of chains.To finish Lily's ironic co-option of a working-class aesthetic her stylist added a side-leaning cap. Jury's out on this one. There was a hot moment – around the time that Pixie Geldof and Alexa Chung became tabloid fodder – when celebs discovered ultra lurid wigs (see point 1). They wore them to Glasto, and then the style stuckOur girl's all grown up. Marking the end of her vintage experiment, Lily attended the 2007 British Fashion Awards dressed as a pink feather duster courtesy of Giles Deacon. While performing at a Chanel show in one of the grandest venues in Paris, which had was transformed into a hay-filled farmyard (because, why not), Lily wore faux-stockings. Like thigh-high socks with a low-denier neckline, we have a feeling they became House of Holland's bread and butter soon after this. Like this? You might also be interested in...Flashback Friday: Celebrity Crimes Against EyebrowsFlashback Friday To Girls' Aloud's Truly Terrible Early Noughties WardrobesFlashback Friday: Liberty X And Their Peak 2000s StyleFollow Lucy on Instagram @**lucyalicemorris**lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If, like us, you spend an inordinate amount of time on eBay unsuccessfully looking for that green pansy-print dress from Kate Moss’s first collection for Topshop in your size, then this news will be for you.Realisation Par – the summer dress brand of choice for A-listers including Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski and Margot Robbie – has just released its latest print and its similar enough to the iconic Kate piece to convince even a diehard fan. The new ‘poison ivy’ print, which is a pale green with small white flowers and vines, is currently only available in the ‘Ozzie’ style, a mini-dress with ruched sleeves and a low-cut front. It’s a dead-ringer for the cult Mossy dress, which is reason enough for us to want to buy it. The LA-based brand is known for its knack of creating must-have pieces that are at once girly and cool at the same time. Previous Instagram-hits for the brand include the ‘Alexandra’ – a wrap-dress named after its founder – which is a perennial hit with influencers, as well as the ‘Kate’ in ‘summer loving’, inspired by La Moss herself and seen at every wedding this August. One of the pioneering success stories of Instagram marketing, Realisation Par captured the imagination of its target market by posting pictures of its bevy of ‘dream girls’ wearing their cool-girl dresses in statement prints before anyone knew who they were. The rest is Instagram history.READ MORE: Rouje's Jeanne Damas Has The Secret To Low-Key Party DressingREAD MORE: The Rising International Fashion Brands To Know - And How To Shop Them From The UK© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Oxford street, cold sweat tube journeys and buyer’s remorse. Christmas shopping has to rank as the worst aspect of the holiday season alongside sprouts and distant relatives.That’s why we, at Babyface (a creative agency and all female community FYI) are putting on a festive pop-up shop to end all festive pop-up shops (no mean feat). For one weekend only, the Babyface Christmas pop-up shop will be running out of our East London studio. We’ll be playing host to some of London and New York’s most exciting emerging womenswear designers, and you’re cordially invited to shop them all.We’re extremely proud to be stocking NYC’s favourite bling brand, Tuza jewellery - they of the cult vagina pendant necklace. Suz Atala, Tuza’s creative director, will be have on offer pieces from a mixture of her collections. So, expect vajazzle necklaces (Adwoa Aboah is never without hers) bootleg Bart Simpson earrings, colourful enamelled hoops, burning heart rings, curb chain bracelets and most critically the brand’s staple gold hoops (no one does them better). This is made all the more exciting because of Tuza’s limited UK stockists, so Tuza die-hards, come early.In the mix, we’ll also have a limited Truss NYC bags - the uniquely woven, colourful totes that downtown New York girls are currently coveting. Closer to home, we have everyone’s favourite latex brand, Hanger Inc. Maybe not nan-friendly, but Claire Davies (Hanger’s founder) is going a long way to proving the fabrication wearability and serious fashion credentials. Inspired by Japanese biker gangs, you’ll be able to snap up her latex belted jackets, latex kick flares and minimalist cotton pieces, such as wide leg trousers and mini skirts- all skewered by the brands’ colours of red, white and black. Clio Peppiatt, who’s consistently a London Fashion Week must-see will be selling her ultra-feminine designs, and cheeky slogan t-shirts. If you’re after something really special then might we also point you in the direction of London’s hottest lingerie designer, MARIEYAT. Think deconstructed cotton briefs and negative space crop tops in soft fabrics and subtle tones of grey and cream that whisper 'comfy'.Conveniently enough, we also share a studio with Illustrated People- they’ll be selling their luxe-sportswear pieces: TLC inspired satin combat trousers and meme-able slogan sweatshirts, and, finally emerging brand Errortique will have a small collection of their beautiful handmade corsetry style tops and matching bags up for grabs to boot.Both cash and card will be accepted and feel free just to come and hang out. Business hours are 10-5pm Saturday 1st and 11-6pm Sunday 2nd December. The address is 14 Bacon Street, London, E1 6LF.N.B. we have cleverly coincided this with pay day, so you’re all good. See you there.Like this? You might also be interested in...We're Not Surprised That These Are The Most Searched Fashion Terms Of 2017Etsy Dealer’s Pro-Black ‘Clothing For Activists’ Range Is An Instant Sell OutNice Homeware Bits To Ask The Fam For This ChristmasFollow BabyFace on Instagram @bby_fceThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Look inside your make-up bag and take stock of what you see. Is there a mascara in there? A foundation? How about a bronzer or a highlighter? Sure, you can get these essentials on the high street for under £20 but, it’s just as easy to spend triple that.According to a new survey UK teenagers are spending £425 stocking up their beauty bags, which if you’re wondering is over double to cost of their mothers, which is valued at £180. However, a poll did note that up and down the country (37% of) mums are slyly borrowing staples form their daughters. Go figure, when they spend so much more. But, at least now you know why that concealer is getting used up at an exponential rate.It’s mascara, foundation and eyeshadow palettes that are costing our teens the most. The study, by Voucher Codes Pro, showed they are spending £440 restocking these items yearly. To put that in perspective, that’s 6 subscriptions to Grazia, 25 flights to Stockholm with Ryan Air or a single Chanel hair bobble. It turns out teens are spending about £180 on mascara, £155 on foundation and £105 on eyeshadow palettes per year.While, their mums fork out most on lipstick, foundation and moisturiser. Each year they will spend, on average, £50 on lipstick, £45 on foundation and £40 on moisturiser. This actually makes sense because as we get older our skincare takes priority over make-up experimentation.To unmask these facts the team asked 2,468 British mums over 35 who had at least one teenage daughter aged 13-19 that lived at home. In the process, they found that 57% of mothers asked do wear make-up on a daily basis, compared to 78% of teenagers.Now ask yourself this, how much does your face cost?We're Not Surprised That These Are The Most Searched Fashion Terms Of 2017Want To Get Rid Of Eye Bags? This Is The £30 Tool You NeedThis All Female Designer Pop-Up Shop Has Your Christmas Presents SortedLike this? You might also be interested in... This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From big high-street hits to slick designer investments, this month's round-up has it all...This khaki bomber is your off-duty hero piece, transforming relaxed looks into kick-ass ones.New Lust list for marketing - november 20172of49This khaki bomber is your off-duty hero piece, transforming relaxed looks into kick-ass ones.Delicate yet directional, amp up your accessories with this two-finger ring.Fash-pack fave Rixo London have joined forces with Net-A-Porter for a capsule collection starring tis signature standout prints.Don't say: Dennis the Menace. Do say: what all the cool girls will be wearing this winter.Our style ed's winter uniform is leather trousers and a chunky knit. No surprise this faux pair have landed in her shopping basket.Pearls + plaid = our new favourite pairing. Try these heels with denim for day and an LBD for evening.With a slight sheen, this trench is chic and shower proof. Add to your coat collection immediately.Kick-ass boots were all over the A/W catwalk. Give them a feminine spin in blush pink.This metallic midi is surprisingly versatile. Just add knee-high boots and a cosy knit.Subtle stripes and full-on frills make for an ultra-cool combo on this shirt from insider label TOME.This supremely strokable coat is cosy and cool. You won't want to wear anything else this winter.Step up your boot game in this snake-print style - team with everything from midis to denim.Amp up a classic camel knit, and wear with skinny jeans and chunky boots for added attitude.Shooting to the top of our lust list, this shearling aviator from Coach is a contemporary spin on a classic.It's all about the odd-shaped bag right now. This circular one's caught our eye.Need a new pair of classic white kicks? Us too. This pared-back style is spiced up with a pop of tan.Autumn temps need more than a silky top or a cotton tee. Try this colourful Topshop Boutique number for an instant update.Need a new going-out outfit? Look no further than this instant hit.We all need classic black boots that you can wear from work to weekend. Nice one.Quick shopping fix! This subtle satin midi is a must-have.Maxidresses are super-elegant, and this emerald green style will look great dressed up with heels for evening and teamed with kicks for day.Keep your eyes peeled for Otiumberg. Purveyors of fashion-forward, yet oh-so-wearable jewels.It's that time of year when we start thinking about our Christmas list. This chic tan timepiece just got added.Update laidback looks with LA-based Leigh Miller's architectural accessories Earrings, £190, Leigh Miller. Wear this 'out-out' top with your jeans - the cool girl's party uniform. £49, & Other Stories.This Boucle blazer with pearl-button detail is your shortcut to chic. £39.99, New Look. New name to know: Wandler. Our style ed has fallen for this white hot bag. £700, Wandler. Denim mecca M.i.h has created a personalisation service called the Denim A-Z. Have your message emblazoned anywhere from your pockets to your turn-ups. Jeans, £315, M.i.h This contrast stitch shirt-dress is the perfect update for your work wardrobe. Wear with a block-heel ankle boot. Job done. £150, Jigsaw. Rose-tint your winter wardrobe with Acne's pink check scarf. Cosy and cool. £240, Acne Update your knitwear with this chunky number from Reiss. Wear with everything form cords to a black satin midi. £140, Reiss. Topshop gives good shoe, and these ankle boots have just been added to basket. £82, Topshop. Hit refresh on your party feet with these high heels and dance until dawn (we wish). £45, Next. Modern Rarity just launched its first ever jewellery collection. We've fallen for this yellow-gold and pave diamond ring. adds to Xmas list £150, Modern Rarity (johnlewis.com)Not just for lazy days, these printed PJ pants are an of-the-moment party season choice. Just add heels. £198, The Kooples. Your new do-it-all dress. We want it. Dress, £150, T-shirt, £60, and ankle boots, £355, all Ganni. This cool jacket is an investment piece- wear now, love forever. Simple. £295, Whistles. There mid-calf ankle boots are a surefire way to chic-up your jeans. Tuck in and team with an oversize knit. £99.99, Zara. Spotted: the perfect statement accessory for your floaty summer dress. Yes, you caught us, we're already dreaming about holidays in the sun. Sighs.Wear this colour-block roll-neck with everything from your wide-leg trousers to your denims - everyone needs a little pick-me-up now and then.We can always make room for another pair of jeans. These will look fab now with ankle boots - and flat sandals come summer.This oh-so-chic bag has us all drooling. An instant classic, it will be your friend for life. Very spenny, yes, but let's chat about cost-per-wear.Leopard print is your fiercest wardrobe classic. Wear with boots and a cardi for day - or dress it up with heels and socks a la Zara.Not just restricted to holidays, the woven wonders have graduated to city essential.We want this Burberry mac. We just do. End of.How freakin' chic are these contrast leather pants? Pair with classic camel and keep on walking.With streetwear still a big story, new brand to Net-A-Porter We11Done is on our radar. What's not to love about this hoodie?How chic are these courts from Boden? The wear with everything/everywhere/forever shoe.This classic pea coat from high street hit maker New Look is a winner. Simples.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In the past, I’ve joked to my boyfriend that if in some distant future if we were to get married the wedding would have a dress code that included colour guidelines. His nervous laugh barely covered the fact that he knew I wasn’t kidding. For, I strongly believe that group photographs look best not when everyone has the same hemline and style of suit, but when there’s a unified palette. This theory doesn’t stretch only to events, I think anytime you might get snapped it’s worth thinking about what your partner is wearing as much as what you’re planning to put on. And, vice-versa.We can thank Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake for your scepticism. Back in the early 2000s, which was at best a questionable era for style, the fashion jury ruled that twinning was a by-word for cringe. Conformity was left to girl bands and Jedward. But, then The Kooples came along, and the matchy-match look suddenly didn’t seem quite so galling.‘We tend to want to fit in with the person we are dating. Yes we are all unique but we want to, as a couple, look united and as if we “fit”.’ Relationship expert Dr Nikki Goldstein told The Huffington Post Australia before adding, ‘so it's only natural that when you're dating someone, even automatically without knowing -- you will start to change your style so that you blend in with them.’The same can be said for friendships. As slowly, but surely, the coolest couples have been mirroring their ensembles. However, unlike the turn of the millennia celebs. These twinning moments aren’t limited to those romantically entangled as mums and daughters, best friends and sisters make power partners too.The difference between the coordination now, versus 20-years-ago, is that individually the outfits are good. Separately they stand out, but together their power is doubled. Don't believe me? Take a scroll through the gallery and then tell me otherwise.Credit: GettySartorial symbiosis courtesy of Phoebe Collings-James and Adam Bainbridge (otherwise known as Kindness).Debrief Matching Couples2of11Sartorial symbiosis courtesy of Phoebe Collings-James and Adam Bainbridge (otherwise known as Kindness).Brooklyn Beckham and Chloe Moretz are a masterclass in matchy-matchy.Both Jada Pinkett and Willow Smith look bewitching in long black gowns. Lessons in monochrome from Cleo Wade and Mia MorettiDJ sisters Simi and Haze are proof that a little planning goes a long way. Zendaya and Aurora James show that a perfectly put-together pair makes a singularly fabulous fashion moment.Kanye and Kim Kardashian West oversized leather revs up their relationship.Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik are the cool factor squared.David and Victoria Beckham almost got scratched from this list for their crimes against fashion two decades earlier, but this his'n'hers suiting is too smooth to ignore.Look at Look at Pharrell Williams and Helen Lasichanh and then ask yourself, do opposites really attract?Like this? You might also be interested in...Etsy Dealer’s Pro-Black ‘Clothing For Activists’ Range Is An Instant Sell OutWe Try On The Best Christmas Party Outfits Topshop Has To Offer14 Ultra Fluffy Faux Fur Coats To Brighten Up Your Bleak Winter MorningFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...American model Dilone is funny, relatable and positively brimming with confidence.She blew us away at the Victoria’s Secret show this year, and has previously walked for Hermés, Stella McCartney and Balmain.Her candid Instagram stories from bed and unpolished posts are a mix of travel shots, low-key selfies, modelling pics and memes – and make a refreshing change from the typical filtered feeds of other top models.Janiece Altagracia Dilone, if you fancy calling her by her full name, is ranked among the top 50 models in the world despite only starting out when she was 18-years-old. One of 10 siblings she was born in Long Island to and is of Dominican heritage.Here are 9 reasons why we love her so.‘I like being comfortable, so I tend to dress like a tomboy,’ she told InStyle in an interview. We love her style and pretty much any excuse to swap our block heels for trainers.And it doesn’t get more relatable than that, I mean – little meatballs, huge dime bars, AND hotdogs?! Be still my beating heart.Plus you can pick up some cheap houseplants and tiny pencils on the way round.Which is an account that mocks the modelling industry and all its ridiculousness.WATCH NOW: How I Make It Work: Tobi Oredein On Founding 'The Black Ballad'Which means we get to see more of our favourite models on each others' feeds.‘Dilone is actually my last name.’ she told Topshop in an interview on their blog.‘My full name is Janiece Altagracia Dilone, but I go by Dilone because I hate the name Janice and people always confuse Janiece with it. It just reminds me of Janice in Friends and that nasty laugh… So Dilone it is.”We hear ya, no one would name Janice as their favourite character from the show, she’s more of a Phoebe anyway.We forget that for those who have gone through sexual abuse, social media can be a minefield of triggering stories and posts at the moment.Sharing the stories anonymously helped shed a light on some of the abuse going on in her industry, while protecting victims.Both relatable and hilarious.Didn't know a dog dancing to Despacito was what we needed, but now we do.Oh, and her motto in life is stop and smell the roses.‘I don't like the super serious side of modelling, it feels robotic,’ she told i-D magazine.‘I love the more expressive sides that make you feel like you're channelling characters. I think it's fun!"We’re praying for an invite to the next one, well a girl can dream.See more: All the looks from the Victoria's Secret showVICTORIAS SECRET SHOW2of42Like this? You might also be interested in… Meet The New Victoria’s Secret Models Breaking The Mould In This Year's Fashion ShowShit Model Management: The Hilarious Instagram Meme Account That Exposes Fashion Industry's FlawsNeelam Gill On How Modelling Has Changed Her Sense Of StyleFollow Phoebe on Twitter @PhoebeParkeThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How do you handle the conundrum of party season dressing when you’re allergic to sequins, hi-shine and anything that feels a little too… done? With her second Rouje collection, model slash designer slash Instagram star slash quintessential ‘French girl’ Jeanne Damas has the answer.The velvet mini-dresses with low-key sparkle, lurex knits and silky wrap tops in animal print present a compelling option for those keen to avoid festive fashion clichés come December. And if the pieces look Instagram-friendly, that’s because they’re inspired by Jeanne’s own wardrobe. ‘It’s the continuity of what we’ve done before. It’s still my perfect wardrobe, dropping every six months: I have to be able to wear everything, so that’s why it’s in small collections,’ she explains to Grazia. ‘We kept the dots [from Rouje’s debut drop] because they’re very Parisian. We added some Studio 54 influences because I love that ‘70s mood for going out, paired with big curly hair. And I love working with silk because I loved it paired with jeans: it has a vintage feel, it’s easy for dinners out. Plus the wrap dress is back – it’s easy to wear and works for every shape.’A statement-making party ensemble isn’t necessarily just about the dress: this time, Rouje’s sophomore collection branches out into outerwear and accessories. ‘For me, it was also important to have bigger pieces for winter, like the coat [the grey checked style and ‘Felix’ jacket in faux fur are standouts. It’s the first time we’ve done boots, shoes and belts, too. Next year we are going to do more accessories,’ Jeanne reveals, showing us a prototype that’ll (whisper it) surely be all over our Instagram feeds come spring. Fine-tuning the perfect pair of jeans is another preoccupation – but when the woman who has basically trademarked a lo-fi chic version of ‘jeans and a nice top’ talks denim, we listen. ‘We are all looking for the perfect jeans… I have to do a lot of clearing out,’ she laughs. ‘I buy vintage every time – my favourite spot is called La Mode Vintage, in Paris. The perfect blue colour is true with no green or yellow in it – I like it to be not too stretchy, but not not comfortable. It’s our objective, every season, to do a better one.’As you might expect from the woman who’s become synonymous with a particular brand of Parisian chic, her style touchstones include the messy-haired likes of Charlotte Gainsbourg and Lou Doillon, along with vintage pieces from brands like YSL and Courreges plus a handful of more surprising reference points. ‘I love One Deadly Summer (L’Été Meurtier) with Isabelle Adjani,’ she says. The film, which Jeanne describes as ‘really famous in France, but no one knows it here,’ is a dark thriller: a cursory Google Image search shows the star reclining in a Rouje-esque array of slip dresses, cut-off denim and off-the-shoulder tops.And as for the elusive concept of ‘French girl chic,’ inspiring endless #content promising to share the one style secret that all Parisians swear by? ‘There is no secret! The only thing you have to do is move to Paris,’ Jeanne says. ‘For Parisian women, it’s not about looks, it’s not about style – for me, it’s more about this beautiful city, culture and lifestyle. It’s more about attitude – style it your own way.'Rouje's A/W collection is available now on rouje.comREAD MORE: The Going Out Bags Your Party Wardrobe NeedsREAD MORE: The Most Popular British Brand On Instagram© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Maria Grazia Chiuri, Dior’s Creative Director and the woman behind the hit We Should All Be Feminists t-shirt, has admitted that she did not find feminism until her forties. ‘I didn’t really discover feminism until I was about 48, largely thanks to my daughter Raquele,’ the 53-year-old told The TelegraphThe Telegraph. Chiuri attributes her late awakening to growing up in ‘a golden time in Italy.’‘I was brought up to think a woman could do anything she wanted. That was pre Berlusconi. It was downhill for Italian women once he came into power. Total objectification. Honestly, I’m so happy my daughter is living in London. I just wish my son wasn’t living in Italy right now,’ Churi explained.Having worked in the fashion industry throughout her career, specifically in predominately woman-led companies, Chiuri became what she described as ‘very complacent.’ ‘For all those years I worked at Fendi, it never occurred to me to be vocal. It was such an amazing company - and entirely run by the five Fendi sisters. There didn’t seem any need to shout about feminism.'However, by the time Chiuri came to head up design at Dior, fourth-wave feminism was in full swing and thanks to the influence of both her daughter and Chimamanda Ngochi Adichie’s book We Should All be Feminists, Chiuri felt it was time to address the issue sartorially.She included Adichie’s We Should All Be Feminists slogan on a t-shirt as part of her debut SS17 collection and for her SS18 collection she went on to use the title from art critic Linda Nochlin’s 1971 essay, Why Are There No Great Women Artists?.While Dior have come under fire for commercializing the cause, Chiuri was quick to add that all money from the profits from the feminism t-shirts have gone to charity.WATCH NOW: Kate Moss: Fashion Through The AgesREAD MORE: Dior Has A New Feminist T-Shirt For SpringREAD MORE:  Can We Stop Getting On Our High Horses About Feminism?READ MORE:  Can You Be A Feminist And Still Have A Traditional Wedding?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you ever needed proof to the extent of our obsession with all things ‘French girl’ chic, look no further than the off-the-shoulder cardigan with a 30,000-person waiting list from Sezane.The £90 ‘Barry’ cardigan isn’t a one-off, special edition piece, but rather the most popular knitwear in the brand’s permanent collection, which is restocked regularly. Since it was launched in September it has sold out multiple times.So, what’s the secret to its charm? With its slightly off-the-shoulder cut and v-neck design, it’s nailing that whole ‘just rolled out of bed’ look – so far, so ‘French girl’. The relaxed cardy, which comes in ecru, light grey, nude or black, can also be worn frontwards or backwards depending on how you style it, making it a versatile piece, too. As it explains in the description on the Sezane website: ‘you can never get bored of your Barry jumper.’It’s also been worn by numerous influencers including Pretty Little Fawn and Sincerely Jules, which of course adds to its appeal. The brand’s ‘Cassie’ jumper, which laces up at the back with ribbon, was previously an Instagram hit.Launched in 2013, Sezane was the first French brand exclusively available online and is part of a new wave of designers exporting that cool-girl myth supposedly embodied by our European neighbours. Alongside Rouje, the label set up by Jeanne Damas, as well as heritage brand Carel and footwear Jonak, it’s fast-becoming one of the best-loved brands for Francophiles both in the UK and US.In fact, Brits can even buy into the Sezane magic in real life at the moment, with its first Christmas pop-up shop now open on South Molton Street in London. Allons-y!READ MORE: The High Street Label With The 'Oh La La' Factor: SezaneREAD MORE: The Cool-Girl French T-Shirt Taking Over Our Instagram Feed© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...GUESS Jeans have a new face - the one and only J Lo.The ultimate slashie (she’s an actress, singer, dancer, entrepreneur and philanthropist), Jennifer Lopez stars in the brand’s Spring 2018 advertising campaign. Art directed by Paul Marciano, Co-Founder of GUESS Inc., and shot by fashion photographer Tatiana Gerusova, the campaign draws inspiration from Lopez’s life as a performer in Vegas and actress in Hollywood. Shot in an elegant villa, the images evoke classic GUESS campaigns with influences of Jennifer’s aesthetic and personal style. WATCH NOW: Most expensive dresses in historyFollowing in the footsteps of Claudia Schiffer, Kate Upton and most recently, Gigi Hadid, Jennifer Lopez is one of the first non-blonde stars to become the face of the All-American brand.‘When I got the call from Paul Marciano asking me to become the new Guess girl, I was thrilled and excited to be a part of such an iconic brand that I have loved since I was a teenager,’ Lopez said in a statement.Fittingly, in the video for Lopez’s latest single, Amor, Amor, Amor, she is wearing a crop top from GUESS. Watch the video below... READ MORE:  Jennifer Lopez's Hairvolution - From Jenny On The Block To TodayREAD MORE: Jennifer Lopez Shows What A Text Message From Leonardo DiCaprio Looks LikeREAD MORE: This Online Store Is Bringing Back J. Lo's Iconic Grammys Dress - For £30© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...They say fashion puts society under a magnifying glass, and that’s never been as accurate as it is this year. Looking back 2017 has been a rollercoaster of events - from Trump’s inauguration to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s engagement - so it’s no wonder this year’s fashion mirrored the extremes of 2017. The data crunching brains at global fashion search engine Lyst have tracked their 80 million shoppers over 120 countries to reveal the items we most wanted over the past 12 months. And, it turns out they are just as idiosyncratic as this year’s new stories.Go figure, the most searched brand was Gucci, which also took the top spot for the most searched handbag (the Marmot), shoes (GG Blooms Supreme Slides) and most liked item by Instagram influencers (Logo T-shirt and GG Belt).However, the data did uncover some revelations. Following the Italian label, Forever 21 was the second most searched for brand. The American high street shop was followed by Balenciaga and Vetements, but also Free People and Topshop. We’re obviously not the only ones enjoying a high-low aesthetic.Similarly erratic, the biggest trends of this year jumped from tailoring (think blazers and suits) to deconstructed and elevated streetwear. Lyst saw a 105% increase in searches for slogan t-shirts, with many results surfacing ‘woke’ messages about feminism or politics.Regardless of all the klaxons ringing to notify us of the rise of millennial pink the hottest shade of the past 12 months was in fact red. The fiery hue saw a 102% rise in searches. After a boost from Emma Stone and La La Land, yellow took the third place while the muted tones of khaki and nude, so beloved by the Kardashians, took places four and five.Unsurprisingly (considering how many Vogue covers she’s clocked) Rihanna was named most influential celeb. Second to her was Selena Gomez with her 120 million Instagram following, third was Bella Hadid and forth was Meghan Markle. However, Gigi Hadid and the Kardashian-Jenners didn’t make the cut. Soz.Of the events that shaped this year, Lyst sees Rompergate as surprisingly important. Back in May, a bunch of bros created a Kickstarter revolution for male rompers, which led to a 620% peak in search interest for the term. The anniversary of Princess Diana's death in August birthed a renewed interest in her style, notably by Off-White and ASOS. And, of course, the release of Stranger Things' second season elicited interest. However, it wasn't for what you'd expect. A fan of the show would guess that 80s athleisure or denim might be the thing to pique Lyst users interest. But, it was, in fact, Dustin's dinosaur hoodie that engaged thousands of searches.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s official: one of last year’s most coveted high-end / high-street crossover collaborations is back for SS18.From Erdem joining forces with H&M to ahem, Heidi Klum teaming up with Lidl, 2017 was quite the year for brands on opposite ends of the price spectrum hooking up to bring us affordable pieces with world class design cachet. Now, JW Anderson has returned to high street favourite Uniqlo to will release his second collaboration, set to drop on April 19, following the rapturous response to his debut Autumn / Winter 2017 line.‘The first Uniqlo and JW Anderson collaboration was super exciting for me and I am very happy with the results,’ designer Jonathan Anderson said, continuing, ‘I am proud of it and I think the pieces are incredibly well made. The line was also a good bridge between the ideal of British classicism and my own brand.’ “In the 2nd collection of the collaboration, I’m looking for this idea of ‘British Summer,’ the idea of being on the Brighton beach. Something which is very lightweight, very airy, with a lot of linen and cotton that has a 1950’s subcultural movement. With a little bit of ease and something which is quintessential.” He added, “As a UNIQLO customer, I know exactly the quality that the brand gives to its products. I am very proud of the level of execution and the attention to details that we delivered on this new spring/summer collection.”While his Autumn/Winter line was full of bold stripes, tartans in primary coloured functional fabrics, his sophomore collection is a lot softer. Taking inspiration from Brighton Beach during its 1950s heyday, and making use of floaty summer fabrics like linens and cottons in dreamy shades of blue with the occasional trademark Anderson pop of colour; it's an easy, breezy, mix-and-match collection that's designed to be layered.Standout pieces this season include a sand coloured tote bag, vivid striped T-shirts and louche linen trousers, all priced between £14.90 and £59.50.JW Anderson x Uniqlo SS18 - Grazia2of12© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...They say fashion puts society under a magnifying glass, and that’s never been as accurate as it is this year. Looking back 2017 has been a rollercoaster of events - from Trump’s inauguration to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s engagement - so it’s no wonder this year’s fashion mirrored the extremes of 2017. The data crunching brains at global fashion search engine Lyst have tracked their 80 million shoppers over 120 countries to reveal the items we most wanted over the past 12 months. And, it turns out they are just as idiosyncratic as this year’s new stories.Go figure, the most searched brand was Gucci, which also took the top spot for the most searched handbag (the Marmot), shoes (GG Blooms Supreme Slides) and most liked item by Instagram influencers (Logo T-shirt and GG Belt).However, the data did uncover some revelations. Following the Italian label, Forever 21 was the second most searched for brand. The American high street shop was followed by Balenciaga and Vetements, but also Free People and Topshop. We’re obviously not the only ones enjoying a high-low aesthetic.Similarly erratic, the biggest trends of this year jumped from tailoring (think blazers and suits) to deconstructed and elevated streetwear. Lyst saw a 105% increase in searches for slogan t-shirts, with many results surfacing ‘woke’ messages about feminism or politics.Regardless of all the klaxons ringing to notify us of the rise of millennial pink the hottest shade of the past 12 months was in fact red. The fiery hue saw a 102% rise in searches. After a boost from Emma Stone and La La Land, yellow took the third place while the muted tones of khaki and nude, so beloved by the Kardashians, took places four and five.Unsurprisingly (considering how many Vogue covers she’s clocked) Rihanna was named most influential celeb. Second to her was Selena Gomez with her 120 million Instagram following, third was Bella Hadid and forth was Meghan Markle. However, Gigi Hadid and the Kardashian-Jenners didn’t make the cut. Soz.Of the events that shaped this year, Lyst sees Rompergate as surprisingly important. Back in May, a bunch of bros created a Kickstarter revolution for male rompers, which led to a 620% peak in search interest for the term. The anniversary of Princess Diana's death in August birthed a renewed interest in her style, notably by Off-White and ASOS. And, of course, the release of Stranger Things' second season elicited interest. However, it wasn't for what you'd expect. A fan of the show would guess that 80s athleisure or denim might be the thing to pique Lyst users interest. But, it was, in fact, Dustin's dinosaur hoodie that engaged thousands of searches.Like this? You might also be interested in...We Try On The Best Christmas Party Outfits Topshop Has To Offer14 Ultra Fluffy Faux Fur Coats To Brighten Up Your Bleak Winter MorningsA Brief History Of Over Plucked Eyebrows Reads Like A Horror StoryFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christmas itself may be a chance to wear pyjamas for three days straight, but the festive run up is a rather different story. Work parties, Christmas dinners, reunion drinks, December often feels like one long social engagement. Whether you love it or hate it, party season provides an excellent excuse to hit the shops.When thinking about eveningwear, accessories are the easiest and most affordable way to jazz up any ensemble. And luckily for us, the high street is bursting with covetable options.While it used to be the bigger, the better when it came to ‘it’ bags, in recent seasons cult bags have shrunk to minute proportions. This means we are truly spoilt for styles that are practical and party-proof.Cross-body bags are top of our list. Stash your belongings, sling over and have your hands free for dancing (and cocktails). Or, if the classic clutch is more your thing, look for bags with a loop handle.Check out our favourites in the gallery below:READ MORE: The Best Camel Coats This SeasonREAD MORE: The Christmas Party Dresses We're Coveting For The Festive SeasonREAD MORE: How To Dress Up For A Christmas Party, When You Don't Like Dressing Up© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Earlier this years fashion fans around the world went into mourning over the news that cult Parisian concept store, Colette would be closing this December. After twenty years in business, ‘the trendiest store in the world’ and Karl Lagerfeld’s favourite shop will be shutting its doors for a final time on December 20th.Adored for its eclectic mix of high and low as well as its forward thinking designer collaborations, Colette will close in style this Christmas with one final special partnership.The Parisian boutique have teamed up with Saint Laurent, and the French fashion house will take over the store space with a pop-up shop of Saint Laurent branded pieces, all signed by creative director Anthony Vaccarello himself. Considering Saint Laurent are touted to be taking over the retail space on Rue Saint-Honoure next year, it’s a fitting final collaboration.Items been given the Saint Laurent treatment include Pierre Marolini chocolates, Patti Smith hoodies, Polaroid cameras and possibly the chicest all-black Vespa we have ever seen. If designer sex toys are what you’re into, you can also pick up a pair of YSL-branded leather paddles.Fear not if you don’t have plans to hotfoot it to Paris before Christmas, the entire collection can be bought online. Plus, with prices starting at 5 Euros you can snap up a piece of Colette history without breaking the bank.See all the products here.WATCH NOW: Most expensive dresses in historyREAD MORE: Colette Is Closing Its DoorsREAD MORE: Christopher Kane Is Treating Us To Another Crocs CollectionREAD MORE: Tiffany & Co's New Homeware Line Includes A $9,000 Ball Of Yarn© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I'm sorry to tell you that it's officially Christmas season. The countdown is on and we've done all the research into the best 'buy now or regret later' purchases - from beauty advent calendars, right through to festive knits.We know what you’re thinking. Ultra-flammable knitwear isn't exactly chic and it's not like Mark Darcy is your style icon. Well, he might be – you do you and all that. But fear not, because there's an interesting new breed of Christmas jumper on the market and there's not a light-up reindeer nose in sight.Not all festive sweaters are garish, it turns out. In fact, there's plenty out there with stylish Fair Isle detailing, Aran weaving and intarsia patterns. Relegate the outré statement sweater to the back of your wardrobe in favour of a snug cashmere roll neck or a cropped pullover, because these are what deserve centre stage.Whether you invest in a designer knit (think Loewe or Bella Freud), style out a jumper with a seasonal slogan or keep cosy in something with just a hint of glitter (it _is_ Christmas), you'll find you're spoilt for choice with this year's knitwear offering.We like to wear ours with jeans and a pair of chic kitten heels when Christmas Jumper Day dawns at work. But, the rest of the year you can wear your jumper over a flowing maxi dress or simple slip skirt. And the same certainly can't be said of all Christmas jumpers...One for the Christmas List. Santa, please?Give a nod to tinsel with this Ganni number.Perfect with jeans and boots for everyday, layer over a slip and heels for wintery evenings.Chic, oversized and doesn't scream 'Christmas'.Everything a jumper should be: soft, chic and cashmere.The chicest way to do a novelty knit.Get in the festive spirit with heavy embellishment.Festive at its finest.We're saying 'yes' to a Christmas giraffe.Pure as snow yet definitely more snugly.Gives the feeling of a Christmas Tree without, er, a Christmas Tree...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What happens to the clothes H&M can’t sell? They get burned. No, really.A power plant in Stockholm is using clothes that don’t meet H&M’s quality standards in addition to recycled wood and trash from the surrounding area in one of its plants.The plant has an ambitious plan to go fossil-fuel free by 2020, and so clothes that can’t be sold are the perfect addition to its burning material.‘H&M does not burn any clothes that are safe to use,’ explained Johanna Dahl, head of communications for H&M in Sweden, in an email to Bloomberg, after the news broke of this unusual fuel source.‘However it is our legal obligation to make sure that clothes that contain mold or do not comply with our strict restriction on chemicals are destroyed.’WATCH NOW: How To...Make a DIY 90s T-Shirt | The DebriefThe Swedish plant has already burned through 15 tons of discarded H&M pieces so far this year, and it also burns rubbish from cities nearby and other waste imported from the UK.H&M has always been hailed as an eco-friendly brand, their Conscious Exclusive 2017 Collection had a focus on ‘The Beauty of Sustainability’, and every piece was made from sustainable materials including a special kind of polyester made of plastics recycled from waste found on the shoreline.Earrings made from recycled glass and plastic, fishnet bags made from ocean waste and organic unisex fragrances also featured in this year’s collection.‘H&M's Conscious Exclusive collection shows how the best style can be mindful of the planet, to help protect it for the future,’ said Natalia Vodianova, the face of the campaign and founder of Elbi – a philanthropy digital platform connecting users with a global network of charities, said of the campaign earlier this year.‘It's such a desirable collection, with pieces made in sustainable materials that you want to wear for seasons to come.’Like this? You might also enjoy…How To Be Fashionably Ethical And Economical (For Beginners) Can We Actually Afford To Shop 'Ethically'?Could Sustainable Palm Oil Be In The Horizon?Follow Phoebe on Twitter @PhoebeParkeThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following a few months of teasing imagery via Instagram, last week Emily Ratajkowski finally revealed the first designs for her debut swimwear line, Inamorataswim. The retro yet Instagrammable designs went down a storm but it seems the model has already found herself in a spot of trouble when it comes to the originality of her creations.Swimwear designer Lisa Marie Fernandez has sent Ratajkowski a cease-and-desist letter accusing her of copying two of her designs, Business of FashionBusiness of Fashion reported.The designs in question include Inamorata’s ‘Vulcan’ bikini top, an off-the-shoulder design, and the ‘Cardiff’ swimsuit, a cut-out costume with bow detailing.  Lisa Marie Fernandez - loved by the likes of Poppy Delevingne, Leandra Medine and Pandora Sykes for her vintage inspired swimwear and floaty holiday dresses - has claimed that Ratajkowski has copied two of her designs from three years ago. Although in the US there is no law in place when it comes to protecting copyright of physical items because Inamorata also sells in Europe and Australia, Ratajkowski might be in trouble. Back in 2015 Fernandez registered the designs in questions under EU law and this  grants her the monopoly to supply, import, export or deal products incorporating the designs until 2020. Ratajkowski and her company now have until the 22nd November to answer the letter before Fernandez will carry out legal proceedings.READ MORE: Nobody Holidays Quite Like Emily RatajkowskiREAD MORE:  Emily Ratajkowski Calls Out Magazine Over Photoshopped CoverREAD MORE: 8 A-List Approved Swimwear Brands You Need To Know© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Unlike ten years ago when graphic tees read ‘Princess’ and ‘Juicy’ in rhinestones, these days they are a new frontier for activism. At 19-years-old Olatiwa Karade runs an Etsy shop that tells it like it is. No bullshit, no mincing words, Karade’s slogan sweatshirts are truth-telling protest pieces. I LOVE YOU ALL! Sold out again! We will restock soon! ❤️ Please keep tabs on us here!A post shared by  Splendid Rain Co (@splendidrainco) on Nov 25, 2017 at 2:48pm PSTWittingly part of a lauded history of political clothing, Karade’s sweats stand alongside Katherine Hamnett’s rallying t-shirts and Otherwild’s ‘The Future Is Female’ top. Her work expresses sentiments around race, heritage and microaggressions. The pullovers, in different shades of brown – amber, sand, Kobicha, chocolate and chestnut – and black, are stamped with statements like ‘Worthy Of Humanity’, ‘Africa Is Not A Country’ and ‘Don’t Touch Me Don’t Touch My Hair Don’t Touch My Culture’. You don't owe anyone an explanation.A post shared by  Splendid Rain Co (@splendidrainco) on Nov 24, 2017 at 1:17am PSTIt’s with little surprise that in just three days Karade’s company Splendid Rain Co has racked up over 1,000 followers on Instagram. Though currently sold out, Karade promises to restock her online store ASAP.Where do her slogans come from? 'I have a notebook I’m always scribbling in that I keep on me pretty much all the time. Whenever I find myself in a situation where I’ve read something offensive online, or I get bombarded by a disrespectful/insensitive question in real life, I write down my immediate reaction before doing anything else. Which to be honest, is generally “Fam WTF?” But after that, I use my thoughts to put together a clear, coherent, relatable message.' She explains to The Debrief.She's got a pretty clear idea about why they sold out so fast, 'They’re so popular because they tell the truth!' She explains, 'I’ve had hundreds of people reach out to me and thank me for speaking to their personal experiences. The sweaters are necessary. Hateful and ignorant people have become nothing but bolder in this political climate. The messages on the sweaters I produce are a rallying call for marginalised people to stand up and shield themselves from repulsive beliefs about our existence.Like this? You might also be interested in...Stop What You're Doing, Beyoncé Just Dropped Her Christmas MerchCute Af Underwear For Girls With Big Boobies14 Ultra Fluffy Faux Fur Coats To Brighten Up Your Bleak Winter MorningsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...My top concern around getting ready for (and surviving) the office Christmas party can be narrowed down wanting to look the perfect combination of grown-up, fun, festive and well, cool while being adequately dressed for the month of December. It is cold in December. Very cold.It's a tall order, my friends. But thankfully we've taken away some of the hard work for you and had a look at what Topshop has to offer. Because if you are going to do that last minute dash to the shops on your lunch break, you may as know what you want to buy beforehand.WATCH: How To Do Desk To Date HairTopshop, Christmas 3D Wreath Jumper, £55Topshop, Christmas 3D Wreath Jumper, £55; **Topshop, Premium Rainbow Sequin Midi Skirt, £125Topshop, Premium Rainbow Sequin Midi Skirt, £125You know when fashion people do that super scary thing of mixing colours and textures without looking like you’ve stumbled out the other end of a primary school playpen wearing two other kids’ clothes? Turns out it’s pretty doable. Never thought pom-poms and an asymmetric anti-rainbow could look so good. Bonus points for warmth.Topshop, Bonded Velvet Denim Jacket, £80Topshop, Bonded Velvet Denim Jacket, £80; **Topshop, Feather Slip Mini Dress, £39Topshop, Feather Slip Mini Dress, £39; **Topshop, Arizona Western Boots, £65Topshop, Arizona Western Boots, £65This little number is perfect for those occasions when you’re not entirely sure how 'dressy' the party will bet. Fair warning: the super cute mini dress is particularly mini so beware the features in high winter winds.Topshop, Shimmer Satin Midi Dress, £65Topshop, Shimmer Satin Midi Dress, £65; **Topshop, Devious Western Boots, £99Topshop, Devious Western Boots, £99Never pegged myself as a cowboy boot kinda gal, but I’m a huge fan of the silver against this otherwise formal dress. The material is a dream and there’s a fun open back situation going on too.Topshop, Star Foil Maxi Dress, £55Topshop, Star Foil Maxi Dress, £55Meet the dress that you’ll feel both comfortable and confident in, while at the same time being appropriate enough to bump into your nan in. it screams ‘take me to the bar’, don’t you think?Topshop, Foil High Neck Mini Dress, £46Topshop, Foil High Neck Mini Dress, £46Statement-making at its best ladies and gents. If you’re not a fan of having your arms on show this gold dress might be for you. It’s short but, not too short to wear around people you have to work with the next day. And, best of all it’s got a giant bow if you fancy gift wrapping yourself. I’m into it.Topshop, Fluffy Embroidered Bralet, £39Topshop, Fluffy Embroidered Bralet, £39; **Topshop, Fluffy Embroidered Skirt, £46Topshop, Fluffy Embroidered Skirt, £46And when I say substance I mean warmth. Style and warmth. Don’t be fooled by the crop top and skirt combo, the wool-blend material makes it feel like you’re wearing a jumper on your legs and I’m into it. Also, a nifty low-key way to take a baby step away from your usual LBD.Like this? You might also be interested in…Meet 2017’s Answer To The Winter Party Dress17 Beauty Advent Calendars That Are Still In StockThe Most Embarrassing Work Christmas Party Stories We Could Get Our Hands OnFollow Jazmin on Instagram **@JazKopotsha**@JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Faux fur coats are having a moment this winter, and TBH we couldn’t be more frilled. Not only are they warm AF but they don’t come with a guilty conscious. Plus, they ensure that feeling cosy also feels glam. Fun fuzz has the added ability to cheer up the gloomiest of grey days, which are becoming more frequent as the calendar whizz's towards the depths of winter. Now that temperatures are consistently icy introducing a winter coat into your rotation that brings a smile to your face may help stave off the winter blues. After all, what’s not to love? They’re warm, cuddly and actually more versatile than they’re given credit for.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though the average bra size in the UK is reportedly 34DD it so often seems the cutest bras are made for the tiny titted community. I’m here to say it’s not true. It’s just a matter of hunting down the labels that cater to the C and above crowd. We’ll stand for nothing less than attractive AND supportive. Yes, M&S will sell you a wired cup that will keep everything in place, but it’s unlikely to be sexy as well. In fact, more likely than not, the high street’s bigger boobed offering will be littered with substantial straps and cups so colossal they will swallow your whole chest up. To make getting dressed easier, we’ve searched the web to find four brands that are cute AF, will hold you in place and make the most of your proportions. Thank us later. “Marble is a woman" says photographer and Lonely collaborator @yumnaaa "She is wise, she is beautiful in all forms, and she cannot be played by inexperienced hands. Her beauty is seen most powerfully in her truths of the human body”. ✨@naomishimada photographed for Lonely on location in Carrara, Italy - - - - #ExpressTheNaturalYouA post shared by  Lonely Lingerie (@lonelylingerie) on Nov 16, 2017 at 12:06pm PSTThe beautiful and smart Naomi Shimada is a fan of Lonely Lingerie. The brand describes themselves as ‘For women who wear lingerie as a love letter to themselves.’ It’s certainly one love letter we’d sign our names to. • @emrata *listens to Feeling Myself once* 😍Get @emrata 's fave style with the Honey Bee Lacey bralette ✨(Link in our Bio) #emrata X #gooseberryintimates 🙌🏻A post shared by  Gooseberry Intimates (@gooseberryintimates) on Jul 18, 2017 at 5:07pm PDTModel-activist-stone cold fox Emily Ratajkowski once told Allure ‘It really bothers me that people are so offended by breasts…That's when I realised how fucked our culture is,’ adding, ‘When we see breasts, we don't think of beauty and femininity. We think of vulgar, over-sexualized images.’ And, she’s dead right. Treat your boobs right by following her lead and shopping at Gooseberry Intimates for lacy lingerie that matches form with functionality. "I love my blue set, the fit of the bra is perfect" @jcruelA post shared by  Beija London (@beijalondon) on Oct 10, 2017 at 6:46am PDTDescribed as ‘sleek, simple and modern’, head to Beija London for fancy unpadded support up to a size G. The brand comes from a family of fabric millers, so you know their quality is good. Personally, I’m a fan of their ‘Can’t Explain’ balcony bra in black, but it’s their ‘Caught Up’ style in powder blue fishnet that has Instagram all in a flurry. Walking into the Weekend like..... 🎉🎉🎉 #FriyayA post shared by  Curvy Kate (@curvykate) on Aug 18, 2017 at 3:08am PDTThe fit on Curvy Kate’s strapless bra is incredible. No exaggeration. And, their smooth cups mean you won’t get that dreaded shadow lines when you wear a t-shirt. Add to basket.11 Items From Aq/Aq That Will Have People Asking ‘Where Did You Get That?’The Best Colour For A T-Shirt Bra Has Been Revealed5 Very Pretty Underwear Concepts That Are A Nightmare IrlThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Instagram is a natural home of social media for fashion brands, but given the sheer volume of brands jostling for attention from scrolling consumers, it can be difficult for a label to truly stand out.Other brands should look to Burberry when it comes to their social media strategy, it seems: the fashion house has been revealed as the most popular British brand on Instagram for the second year in a row, in a study by analytics company Iconosquare.Burberry, whose catwalk shows are among the mostly hotly anticipated of London Fashion Week season after season, boasts an Instagram following of over 10.4 million. At number two is Topshop, with 9.2 million, followed by Jimmy Choo (7.3 million), ASOS (6.6 million), Alexander McQueen (5.3 million) and 'Stella McCartney (4.5 million).Burberry posts a mix of campaign imagery, editorial fashion shoots and photographs of VIPs spotted wearing the brand, whether on the red carpet or at other high profile events.According to WWD, the report also comments upon the disparity between the reach which British brands command on social media, and that achieved by their counterparts in the United States. 'The report also noted that "British brands have a long way to go" and pointed to Nike, which has 75.2 million followers; Victoria's Secret, 57.7 million followers, and Chanel, 25 million. All three top the global list,' said WWD.'Burberry should be especially pleased with their efforts as they have topped our British brands on Instagram study for the second year running and boosted their follower count by over two million over 12 months,' said Romain Ouzeau, CEO of Iconosquare.'A strong social media presence is an essential component of any successful marketing strategy. The top 10 most popular British brands on Instagram have all been able to successfully promote aspirational lifestyles to a wide audience of people and will reap rewards this holiday season.'READ MORE: These Are The Most Popular Instagram Fashion Trends From Around The WorldREAD MORE: The Launch You'll Love: Sophie Hulme's Personalised Bags© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What with the bombardment of marketing emails and enticing codes circulating via Whatsapp, it’s easy to get swept up by the excitement of Black Friday. If you don’t comply and go on a shopping spree you can get major FOMO.However, in recent years there has been a welcome backlash against the the excessive consumerism. There’s the alternative ‘Buy Nothing Day’ and some companies - including the likes of Patagonia, Fat Face and Lush - have been avoiding the hype and donating their profits to charity.Here at Grazia we thought Black Friday was a great opportunity to support a worthy cause, in this case, Mission Christmas. Organised by the charity Cash For Kids, Mission Christmas is the largest annual Christmas toy appeal in the UK.In 2016 the appeal generated upwards of £15.5 million in gifts and donations which were distributed to more than 360,000 disadvantaged kids across the UK. With 1 in 4 children across the UK living in poverty this December, for many families Christmas is simply a luxury they can’t afford. This year’s Mission Christmas aims to beat last year’s fundraising total and help make sure it can help as many children as possible.Taking part is simple: buy a toy and take it to one of the many drop-off points around the country. See the full list here.If you’re stuck with what to buy take a look at our suggested gifts from Amazon below. Plus, if you do choose to click through from one of the products in the list, the affiliate revenue generated will also be donated straight to Cash For Kids.READ MORE: The Most Fashionable Jumpers This Festive SeasonREAD MORE: The Best Advent Calendars 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following on from the success of last year’s 'I Sleigh All Day' Christmas collection, Beyoncé has once again worked her festive magic for the holiday season. Her new 'Holidayoncé' capsule collection dropped today, and it’s everything we ever dreamed of. Forget any ugly Marc Darcy knits, Beyoncé has reinvented the concept of the Christmas jumper with minimalist sweaters and tees scribbled with her very own festive slogans (‘Have A Thicc Holiday’ and ‘Sis The Season’) or the words ‘Beyoncé Holiday Sweater’. While committed fans might consider sartorially showing their love for Queen B with a t-shirt or hoodie featuring photos of Her Majesty. The fun doesn’t stop there though. You can wrap your presents in Beyoncé printed paper (complete with the words ‘Best Revenge Is Your Paper'), cover your tree in Bey themed baubles, or dress up any aspiring Blue Ivys in an adorable Shinin’ babygrow. Plus, for those days spent horizontal on the sofa mainlining Quality Street there’s the Yoncé onesie.Shop the best bits in the gallery below...WATCH NOW: The Leading Ladies of 2017 READ MORE: It's Official: Beyoncé And Jay Z Are Now A 'Billionaire Couple'READ MORE: Beyoncé's Best Fashion Moments Of All TimeREAD MORE: Whether Or Not Beyonce Is Breastfeeding Is None Of Our Business© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following on from the success of last year’s 'I Sleigh All Day' Christmas collection, Beyoncé has once again worked her festive magic for the holiday season. Her new 'Holidayoncé' capsule collection dropped today, and it’s everything we ever dreamed of.Forget any ugly Marc Darcy knits, Beyoncé has reinvented the concept of the Christmas jumper with minimalist sweaters and tees scribbled with her very own festive slogans (‘Have A Thicc Holiday’ and ‘Sis The Season’) or the words ‘Beyoncé Holiday Sweater’. While committed fans might consider sartorially showing their love for Queen B with a t-shirt or hoodie featuring photos of Her Majesty.The fun doesn’t stop there though. You can wrap your presents in Beyoncé printed paper (complete with the words ‘Best Revenge Is Your Paper'), cover your tree in Bey themed baubles, or dress up any aspiring Blue Ivys in an adorable Shinin’ babygrow. Plus, for those days spent horizontal on the sofa mainlining Quality Street there’s the Yoncé onesie.Shop the best bits in the gallery below...WATCH NOW: Ella Eyre Festival FashionLiked this? You might also be interested in: Why Beyonce's Formation Is Important To Black British Women Happy Wednesday! There's A New Beyonce Video Out In The World! In Defence Of Beyonce's Fantastically Elaborate Instagram Announcements This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Accessorize.After some Christmas gifts that'll spruce up your life and your Instagram feed? We've got just the thing. Check out our hand-picked selection of epic xmas gifts from Accessorize below - they're guaranteed to amp up your style and your number of Insta-likes.We can bet your bottom dollar that your Instagram feed will be filled with a festive Fairisle print this Christmas. So join in the fun with a pair of fluffy winter slippers that'll make you feel like you're walking on clouds.Give your coats - and Insta-feed - a stylish refresh with a faux fur scarf. Wrap this soft grey one around your jacket collar, and then get your mate to take a candid snap of you in Winter Wonderland. The result? A pic that'll go down a hit on Instagram.What's the difference between a normal Christmas tree, and a millennial Christmas tree? Some extra fancy baubles, of course. Go magical with your decorations with sassy unicorn and flamingo designs from Accessorize (plus loads more!). Just imagine the Instagram likes.No going out outfit is complete without a glitzy clutch bag. Use it to jazz up a little black dress or a slinky playsuit, and don't forget to post an outfit selfie onto Instagram. Ooh la la!Instantly dress up a LBD (and a dull Insta-feed) with these art deco-inspired earrings. Elegance and class? Check and check!Kit out your stationary kit with a dreamy notepad set - perfect for upgrading your Instagram aesthetic with galaxy, marble and foil slogan designs.If anyone ever tells you that you have too many purses in your life, get rid. You don't need that kind of negativity in your life. Instead, stock up on these metallic coin purses to use during party season. Go on, do it for the 'gram!  Shop these Christmas gifts and more from Accessorize.Like This? You Might Be Interested In:8 Things From Accessorize We Wish Santa Would Bring Us9 Pairs Of Gloves Under £9 To Stop You Getting FrostbiteMeet 2017's Answer To The Winter Party DressFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you think of trend setters in the fashion world, Donald Trump isn’t someone who would normally come to mind. With his ill-fitting suits, questionable caps and tangerine complexion, Trump is more of an anti-style icon.However, according to a report in the Inquirer, trend forecaster Lidewij Edelkoort has suggested that the President is having a bigger influence on fashion than we realised.  Edelkoort, a prolific trend forecaster, has identified two  macro fashion trends that Trump has been partly responsible for. These are ‘bigger picture’ trends which filter down into the micro trends which end up influencing what designers create ,and what we actually wear. Unsurprisingly, both trends Trump has influenced are to do with the way he treats women.WATCH NOW:  From model to FLOTUS: Melania Trump's Style Evolution Thanks to Trump’s continued misogyny and sexist behaviour we have seen what Edelkoort calls ‘a catalyst for women’s emancipation’ similar to what took place in the ‘70s and ‘80s. This has subsequently led to an increase in power dressing styles such as ‘pronounced shoulders, exaggerated sleeves, power suits and a focus on the waist.’ Similarly, Trump can also be blamed for our collective obsession with all things millennial pink. Edelkoort explains how pink has had a major resurgence after being used as the colour for women’s rights at the worldwide women’s marches earlier this year - a direct response to Trump's behaviour. So there’s no need to panic, we won’t be seeing an increase in suits or a sudden influx of red ties on the high street. As Chrissy Hilton-Gee, the Associate Trend Manager at Trendspot told The Independent, in our modern world, fashion trends come from a smorgasbord of places. ‘The concept of 'fashion icon' today is being challenged as major political figures are influencing fashion through their beliefs rather than style,’ Hilton-Gee explained.READ MORE:  Trump: So What Now For Women?READ MORE:  Exclusive: ‘Married Trump Kissed Me At His Offices’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s (already) that time of year again. Black Friday is inching into view, bringing with it not just low price white goods and outraged news reels showing feuding shoppers, but the rather more enticing prospect of a range of discounts across our favourite fashion and beauty retailers. One of the first to hop on the Black Friday bandwagon for 2017 is high street staple Topshop, which has already jump-started its pre-Christmas sale (two whole days ahead of the traditional kick-off point: the Friday after Thanksgiving in the United States). Whether you’re looking to upgrade your ‘going out-out’ wardrobe ahead of party season, still seeking out the perfect winter’s coat or simply want to make an entirely frivolous purchase (then justify it as good financial sense because, well, discounts), there’s plenty on offer for the discerning shopper. You’ll find 15 of our favourite pieces in the gallery below…Fresh from Topshop's recent runway collection, this faux fur coat is a steal at £50.If you've been putting off that leather jacket investment purchase, now's the time to make the upgrade...Topshop's take on this season's essential is a laidback take on Working Girl's '80s power dressing aesthetic.Astrologically-infused prints are the standout trend for party dressing this year.A simple way to channel the exaggerated sleeves trend.Don't 'do' dresses but need a new outfit ahead of party season? Opt for a jumpsuit instead.Oversized embellishment makes the '20s-referencing silhouette of this shift dress feel modern.This classic boucle coat is available in three hues: lilac, pastel pink and classic navy.Upgrade your office look for 2018 with this simple but stylish new addition.We're calling it: the LGD (or Little Gold Dress) is the new LBD.Also available in pale pink, pair this one shoulder crop top with tailored trousers or an embellished skirt. This feminine floral print tea dress will carry you from winter (with tights and chunky ankle boots) through to spring.Because Legally Blonde's Elle Woods is still our style icon...This faux shearling jacket is the cosy addition that your winter wardrobe has been crying out for.Midi? Velvet? Lace? This floral-print dress ticks off multiple trends at once...READ MORE: The Christmas Party Dresses We're Coveting This Festive SeasonREAD MORE: The Most Fashionable Festive Jumpers© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every so often dresses over trousers stages a fashion comeback. But, TBH we’re rarely in the mood to deal with all that excess fabric and complicated layering, which is why this new blossoming trend called the ‘blouser’ (or so we’re coining it) is much more our bag.Essentially, it’s when a top is too long to be considered just a shirt or a tee and demands to be worn with a pair of slacks. Though there is one way of wearing this look wrong (i.e. with a skirt), there is no singular way to do this right. Take an oversized silk shirt and add tapered jeans, or dress it up with a pair of tuxedo pants. Think of it as the logical step on from the ‘drouser’ (dress over trouser) trend that stalked the catwalks at Elie Saab and Valentino last spring. Where that felt like a red carpet only trend, this rendition is much more suited to real life.For those not au fait with frocks it’s the perfect alternative to an iddy biddy party dress. Plus, with winter closing in this trend has the added benefit of keeping your arms warm, which is something that shouldn't be dismissed. There’s a lot of scope and versatility, so get on board with this trend now…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @**lucyalicemorris**lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sophie Hulme’s clean-lined accessories have been hanging from the arms of London’s fashion set since the namesake designer launched the label in 2008. And, her star has been rising ever since, winning awards and accolades along the way. Yet, for the first time this month she is hitting two new milestones, as well as celebrating a decade in business. Not only is Hulme opening her first bricks-and-mortar store, in the capitals prestigious Burlington Arcade no less, but she’s also expanded her range to include personalisation. Lined with soft cream curtains and brightly lit, the intimate boutique is home to sweetie coloured bags that can be customised. Though they will soon be offering an in-house hand-painting service by signwriter Mark MacDonald (for £100), the label is currently offering two types of personalisation. The subtlest of which is blind embossing. Up to three letters (initials, most likely) can be pressed onto a bag by n craftsman working in the store’s garret. Under Hulme’s watchful eye templates have been created that ensure all letters are perfectly aligned and placed in the optimum position.The new Leather Letters collection is being touted as the brand’s signature customising service. Using the label’s in-house font, an alphabet of stacked and compacted saddle leather letters in a range of house colours can be pressed onto the surface of a bag. Taking up to 24-hours this process requires artisans to use weights and compresses to attach these embossed letters to accessories. ‘We are quite unbranded in the sense that we don’t have our logo on things,’ the designer told Grazia, ‘The bags are very much about the woman who carried them, so naturally, personalisation makes sense because it’s not about us, it’s about the woman. I think she should have her name on it, not my name as it’s more important.’Though only a pop-up, Hulme has already set in motion plans to open a percent location on Chiltern Street in Marylebone next year. The Sophie Hulme Personalisation Boutique can be found at 64-65 Burlington Arcade, W1 and is open 10 am to 6 pm Monday to Saturday and from noon until 5 pm on Sunday.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In partnership with River Island.Party season is dawning upon us, and Grazia's Fashion Editor Gemma Hayward predicts that retro, '80s fashion trends will be key. "In your face and loud, that’s what this party loving trend is screaming. Statement shoulders, luxurious shimmery fabrics, and a mini hemline are the order of the day (and mainly night)," she says.Having been inspired by this trend, which was rocked by singer Ella Eyre in the I AM...Ella Eyre show with River Island on 4Music, Gemma's created three wearable looks that you should get on-board with..Dress, £45; Heels, £40; Bag, £26; Earrings, £12; all from River Island.Dress, £70; Heels, £46; Earrings, £10; Bracelet, £10; all from River Island.Top, £35; Trousers, £42; Heels, £45; Bag, £32; Earrings, £8; all from River Island.Shop these Ella Eyre inspired outfits at River Island. Plus, to be in the chance of winning a £1,000 voucher from River Island, enter our competition here!How To Wear The Straw Bag You Bought This Summer In WinterWhat A Fashion Editor Secretly Carries With Her At Milan Fashion WeekMilan Fashion Week: All The Action From The FRO© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to overnight success stories, Mansur Gavriel and their bucket bag is one of fashion fairytale. Taking the fashion world by storm with their Celine-esque simplicity but at a quarter of the price, when Mansur Gavriel launched their now famous bucket bags, they became an instant sensation. Admired for their use of super soft letather, Instagrammable colour ways and fresh aesthetic, the bucket bags sold out instantly with the brand struggling to keep up with never ending waiting lists.Fast forward four years and they have continued to go from strength to strength, expanding into footwear, ready-to-wear, and now, small leather accessories.Just in time for Christmas, Mansur Gavriel have worked their magic once again creating a collection of card holders and wallets. Created from their much-loved butter soft leather and available in a wide range of covetable hues, the majority come with a contrasting interior lining just like their bags. There are five styles available including a compact card holder and an adorable moon shaped purse.WATCH NOW: Most expensive dresses in history  Whether you are long-term fan of the brand or fancy investing in their cult designs now the price is a little lower, we reckon Christmas is the perfect time to treat yourself (or perhaps a friend).Prices start at $195 (£145). Shop the collection here.READ MORE: Mansur Gavriel's Bucket Bag... And Others You HAVE To OwnREAD MORE:  These Are The Most Popular Instagram Fashion Trends From Around The WorldREAD MORE:  The Most Fashionable Jumpers This Festive Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to searching for latest fashion trends, Instagram is normally our first port of call. Thanks to the social media platform we can see outfits and ideas from around the globe at the tap of a finger.  Different trends prove popular at different times in different places, and thanks to a new survey we can now see what is trending where.Researchers at fashion brand Long Tall Sally have crunched the numbers and identified the top trends in stylish cities across our planet, and their results are pretty enlightening.In the UK metallic shoes come up trumps with 66,369 hashtags since January of this year. However, over in Tokyo they’re loving berets, Copenhagen has a thing for checked blazers, and our friends in Lagos can’t get enough of off-the-shoulder designs. In the French capital white tees reign supreme while millennial pink is having a moment in Bangkok. Check out some of our favourite trends below, and view the full list over at Long Tall Sally.@fatpandora@lagos_streetstyle@jeannedamas@ireneisgood@meganellaby@ebbazingmark@pernilleteisbaek@zanitazanita@tsumire1224@fakeleatherREAD MORE: Emily Ratajkowski Debuts New Swimwear LineREAD MORE: Haim Give Us A Lesson In Alternative Party DressingREAD MORE: Reformation’s Adorable First Baby Collection Has Landed© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a reason why the online store AQ/AQ isn’t better known, for why would any industry insider want to expose fashion’s best-kept secret? When it comes to navigating a certain price point (namely anything less than designer), you readily run the risk of bumping into several other soles who’ve splurged on your exact same item. But, not when it comes to AQ/AQ. Owned by Julie Lingard, the brand says it designs ‘for strong, confident and fashion-savvy women who are unafraid to turn heads.’ And, TBH it delivers. If you’re after a tailored dresses that can serve you from commute to cocktails and tops that turn the banalest jeans into an outfit then look no further...Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @**lucyalicemorris**lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by River Island.She's dominated the stages at some of the biggest UK festivals, won two MOBO Awards and appeared in the show I Am...ELLA EYRE with 4Music and River Island - basically, she's accomplished a lot in 23 years, but sitting in her dressing room in a studio in Camden, she tells me 'if I could have no makeup on and have my hair up in a bun and walk around in my onesie all day I would.' Basically, a girl after our own hearts.Despite her love of a onesie, today Ella is dressed in an '80s-inspired retro, patent leather skirt and an oversized t-shirt emblazoned with a picture of singer Aaliyah, who was one of her favourite singers when growing up. 'I loved Aaliyah – her music and music videos, but particularly her style. It was very cool, very laid-back and very sporty. It was tomboy-ish, but in a feminine way, and I'd say that’s what my style is like too.' She was also inspired by the likes of 'Janet Jackson, Basement Jaxx and Lauren Hill'. I'm told that '[Hill's] first album is the one album that everyone should listen to. Every person should be given it for Christmas and told to educate themselves.''My personal style is very eclectic, laid-back, has elements of retro, and is perhaps confused at times. Only because one minute, I'm sporty and the next minute I'm being all girly. I love being girly and having big red carpet moments in heels, but I still like to wear trainers with girly outfits, too.' While heels on the red carpet are fine, on-stage they're a big no-no, considering how active Ella is: 'I move around like a maniac [on stage], so trainers are the only thing for me. My collection is ridiculous - I have a shoe pantry and there's at least 150 trainers in there.'As well as trainers, Ella is a big fan of a high waist - on A-line skirts and early 1980’s-inspired flared trousers. 'They suit my body because my hips are quite wide and I've got thick thighs, so I like to find things that flatter my waist and accentuate my legs.'I used to have this obsession about not having my legs out,' she continues 'and now I do it all the time. When I was younger, I would see a bad picture of myself and think "I can't ever wear that [outfit] again". I think I went through that a lot growing up, while I was discovering how to dress my body properly. That's something I wasn't really educated on enough and there weren't enough [fashion] options. But now I'm able to experiment and be a lot more open-minded about clothes because there's more options and more information [on how to dress your body]. So I just make fashion choices that make me comfortable but also push boundaries in some way. Most important, I need to feel good, because that's something that helps me breathe confidence, and confidence is the most important thing that you wear.'One look at Ella's music video for her upbeat song Ego shows just how experimental she's become when it comes to fashion. The set of the '90s-inspired teen bedroom is awash with pink, and in the video, Ella switches between a number of retro, unashamedly girly ensembles. 'When I wrote Ego, all I could think of was pink, bubblegum and girly, upbeat stuff, so in the video I wore fluffy pink jackets and flowery Gucci trousers and had ridiculous pink and sparkly nail [designs].' Her trademark curly hair, which she calls 'one of [her] biggest accessories', looks effortless, although she admits it can take up to three hours to style. And as for accessories, she's big into over-sized earrings, from hoops to '80s party-worthy pom-pom droplets: 'a lot gets lost in [my hair], so I like to wear earrings that stand out. And it's important to represent a song properly with good and appropriate [fashion] styles.'In the past, Ella has said that she always gets her mum's approval when it comes to her music and music videos, but is this the same when it comes to her fashion choices? Err, kind of. 'I'll only ever ask my mum if she likes my outfit if I know the answer is going to be "yes". My mum used to be a fashion designer and she worked for Alexander McQueen, so the problem that I have is my mum really rates her own opinion. [The other day] she actually told me to "stop wearing those small girly skirts, you look too cutesy and I can't take you seriously." And it's not that I don't value my mum's opinion when it comes to fashion, it's just that I don't want it.'But while she may not want her mum to dish out fashion advice, she's more than happy to ransack her wardrobe. 'She's got a lot of really good vintage pieces, like this amazing bodycon dress that’s off-the-shoulder. It's really stretchy so it doesn’t matter what size you are, it just fits. She wore it when she was 9 months pregnant with me, but I wore it to an event once and I still wear it every now and then.' And of course, access to her mum's vintage closet and a team of fashion stylists means that she's able to experiment with different looks. Ella, who is hardly ever seen in the same outfit twice, tells me: 'I don't like to re-wear a whole outfit because I found it was a really valuable tool for me to grow and learn fashion by challenging myself [to switch things up]. So it's not because I'm a snob that I don't recycle outfits, it's that I'm teaching myself that other things go with it. I like to be different and I don't want to wear the same outfits twice - I want there to be a variation.'Be just as bold with your fashion choices by shopping the new autumn/winter collection at River Island. Plus, to be in the chance of winning a £1,000 voucher from River Island, enter our competition here!Keen to look on-trend and individual this AW/17, but not sure how? Send your styling questions into theteam@thedebrief.co.uk and it might get answered during our Instagram stories with The Debrief's Fashion & Beauty Editor Lucy and River Island on 27th November 2017. Be sure to tune in!Like This? You Might Also be Interested In:Nina Nesbitt On Syncing Her Music With Her Look, The Comeback Of Hoop Earrings, And Her Love Of Dressing GownsZak Abel (The Next Ed Sheeran In The Making) On His Love Of Music, Fashion And Lounging Around In His Underwear19 Boots That Will Actually Keep Your Toes Dry And WarmFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget waiting until Christmas Day for all out indulgence, 2017 is the year of the luxury advent calendar and spoiling yourself in the 12 (or 24!) days to Christmas. From Charlotte Tilbury beauty, and Estee Lauder luxuries to Kikki K stationery, the Christmas countdown just stepped up a seriously opulent notch. The hunt for the most covetable calendar has already begun, with the Birchbox calendar selling out in under 24 hours and Estee Lauder down to it’s final few, it’s time to get started on your merriest Christmas yet…. See Grazia’s Guide to 10 of the most sought after calendars this seasonPrice: £169Number of treats: 25What they say: Worth over £500, this is the ultimate gift for the beauty obsessed! Housed in a beautiful Liberty London box and featuring 15 full-sized products alongside deluxe samples, each drawer reveals a fantastic beauty treat, with hero skincare, haircare and cult cosmetics from brands, including Votary, Le Labo and Diptyque. What we say: High-end beauty and Christmas festivities are two things Liberty excels at… so this advent calendar is a match made in heaven. And as you would expect, this calendar is nothing short of gorgeous.Price: £110Number of treats: 24What they say: With a plethora of luxurious remedies, this limited edition advent calendar is full of treats for radiant skin and healthy hair. Designed with award-winning illustrator Kate Moross, this exclusive is adorned with colourful drawings. Each door reveals best-selling favourites such as the Midnight Recovery Concentrate and Ultra Facial Cream. What we say:  The run-up to Christmas always takes its toll on our appearance… until now, that is. Comprising 24 doors, this limited edition Kiehl’s calendar is crammed full of treats to revive our tired skin and hair throughout Christmas and for that inevitable detox in the new yearPrice: £150Number of treats: 12What they say: Darlings, what could be better than a surprise treat, every day for 12 days? My Naughty and Nice Magic Box is BACK and better than ever, featuring 12 best-selling ICONIC makeup treasures wrapped up in a glamorous, gorgeous box, making it the perfect beauty advent calendar or gift for a loved one, with lots of full-sized and mini best-sellers for everyone! What we say: This is Charlotte Tilbury’s third advent calendar and it doesn’t disappoint. With 12 highly covetable makeup treats to get you through the 12 days of Christmas, this is one calendar you won’t be prepared to share.Price: £165What they say: Trimmed with opulent silver foil, this advent calendar houses our iconic fragrances. Unlock each door to reveal where a captivatingly scented luxury is hidden: indulgent gifts to count down to the festivities.Number of treats: 24What we say: There are so many different scents in the Molton Brown range that sometimes we struggle to choose. Well struggle no longer as this calendar is packed to the brim with their deliciously fragranced products. From bathroom to living room, this festive selection has you covered.Price: £125Number of treats: 25What they say: With only 1,000 created, The Beauty Countdown is the ultimate beauty addict’s advent calendar, including all your winter skincare must-haves, party makeup and hair essentials, along with exclusive offers, all for £125.00. Wrapped up in an impressive embellished gold star, this Limited Edition advent calendar boasts 25 drawers filled with iconic products from some of the world’s leading beauty brands such as Clinique, Origins, MAC, Bobbi Brown, Aveda, Bumble and bumble, Darphin, Smashbox, GlamGlow and Michael Kors.What we say: This limited edition calendar is a real beauty. Not only does is it jam-packed full of must-have products; it wouldn’t look out of place on your mantelpiece, doubling up as a chic Christmas decoration.Price: £34.50Number of treats: 12What they say: WOWing in winter wonderGLAM! It's a San Francisco beauty blowout with 12 Benefit bestsellers! Pop open each door for goodies galore, then turn it over to read the original Bene-poem. It's priced to please and makes gifting a breeze!What we say: Benefit have scored again with this fun affordable calendar. The compact design houses 12 best-selling make-up miniatures, which will slot nicely into your bag for those all-important touch ups.Price: £90Number of treats: 25What they say: Designed to bring the anticipation and excitement of a white Christmas wherever you are, it’s filled with all your favourite stationary goodies - including a candle and notepad - to help you count down the days. In a sleek black and gold colourway, it will fit seamlessly into any home décor.What we say: If cute gold stationery gets your heart racing, then this is the calendar for you. Your chic new desk space will thank you long into the new year. You will need to remain vigilant though – you wouldn’t want light-fingered colleagues making away with these paperclips.Price: £150Number of treats: 24What they say: Designed by renowned artist, Clym Evernden, this festive illustrated calendar is packed with 24 full and deluxe travel-size beauty treats from some of our most-loved beauty brands, including Charlotte Tilbury, M·A·C, Bobbi Brown, NARS, Giorgio Armani, OUAI and Estée Lauder.What we say: From Fenwick comes this super indulgent offering, with 24 luxury treats designed to brighten up the coldest of December mornings. This super-sized visual treat will also look perfect nestled in amongst your decorations.Price: £90Number of treats: 24What they say: Our deluxe Advent Calendar is back with a fresh new look and all your Cowshed favourites hiding behind 24 doors. With miniature versions of our most-loved products, from our Knackered Cow Body Lotion to Cow Pat Hand Cream, it's the ultimate Christmas countdown and will delight Cowshed fans as well as making the perfect introduction to the range.What we say: Cowshed have done it again, helping us feel, well, 24 times better in the lead up to Christmas. And what better way to sample their range than with all the miniatures you ever dreamed of?!Price: £300Number of treats: 25What they say: Housing 25 little treasures to discover before the big day, it brings together the label’s beloved products in a unique discovery format. Look forward to a selection of cute miniatures including 10ml Vinaigre de Toilette, deluxe 15ml skin and body care, mini-candles in 35g format and a 70g candle make every day a celebration.What we say: This is the ultimate indulgence. At the top end of the market, this really is the gift that keeps on giving. We can’t get enough of the iconic candles and being Diptique, the scents are spot on too. Invest in this for 25 days of pure decadence.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For once, fashion has adopted a conveniently practical trend for the season and it comes in the shape of footwear. Thigh-high, calf-length or ankle-grazing boots are the order of the day. Ever since Anthony Vaccarello showed slouchy silver boots at Saint Laurent, Coach showed love to the snow boot and Alessandro Michele gave cowboy boots a reassessment at Gucci, this investment shoe has seen its stock rise. And, best of all the high street hasn't had cold feet in embracing this trend. Instead, they’ve gone full-out and created a veritable chocolate box of choices. Fancy something simple and sturdy? We've got your back. Or if you’re after an elegant option that adds a little glitz to an evening ensemble then look no further. If you have yet to take the leap, what are you waiting for? Seriously, it’s already November, and it’s freezing outside, so get shopping while you’ve still got a chance to maximise their cost-per-wear potential.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The much-loved fashion designer Azzedine Alaïa has died aged 77, it was reported yesterday.The sad news was confirmed to WWD by his close friend Carla Sozzani, who revealed that the Tunisian-born design legend had died of a heart attack in Paris.Alaïa was affectionately nicknamed 'the King of Cling' due to the body-conscious style of his most famous figure-hugging designs. Having studied sculpture in his youth, the designer was particularly meticulous and exacting when it came to fit, an approach which gained him legions of famous fans, from Naomi Campbell (who affectionately referred to the designer as 'Papa') and Grace Jones to the Kardashian sisters.After moving from his native Tunisia to Paris in the 1950s, he worked for Dior and Guy Laroche before carving out a niche for his own-name brand, which later became synonymous with the high-octane glamour of the '80s and early '90s. So ubiquitous was Alaïa's form-fitting aesthetic that he came to be name-checked by Clueless's Cher Horowitz as she attempts to rebuff an armed robber with the infamous line: 'That's an Alaïa!'Famously, he had little time for the vagaries of the international fashion week circuit, instead choosing to play by his own rules and release collections on his own ad hoc schedule. The biggest names in the worlds of fashion and entertainment were quick to pay their tributes when the news broke yesterday.The designer, who has both worn Alaïa's dresses and cited him as an important influence, wrote:  'A sad day. Rest in peace @azzedinealaiaofficial... The world is a far less beautiful place today without you. You were a true master and one of my biggest inspirations.'The singer shared an image of her and the designer sharing a happy moment at a private dinner. 'My dear Alaïa,' she wrote, 'you will love in forever. RIP.'She went on to share images of herself wearing a dramatic archive Alaïa gown in red for the Grammys.Kim shared a photo taken at a dress fitting by the master himself. 'Simply the best!' she wrote. 'No one like you! It was an honour to know you. You will be missed so greatly. Rest In Peace Mr Alaïa.'Joining her sister in paying tribute, Kourtney shared a happy memory: 'It was such an honour to have spent the day with you, eat the delicious lunch you cooked for us, have you actually fit us for the night.' The singer posted a handful of black and white snaps on Instagram of her and the designer, followed by a heartfelt message. 'I'll mourn forever the loss of my friend,' she wrote, adding: 'To say he was integral, important and influential to fashion is simply not enough. There was no one who did what he did. No one knew a woman's body like him.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This winter some of the most maligned shoes are finding favour. Take kitten heels, for instance, they were once considered so naff only Theresa May would touch them. And, now they are the definition of chic. The same goes for slouchy knee-highs, mules and white boots. About the latter, they’ve always struggled in the shadow of their sister style – black boots – for they seem less wearable and prime to get mucky the moment they step out the house. However, that's all spin on the part of the black boot committee, for white shoes are actually very wearable, and when made out of the right fabric (patent) they are just as easy to keep clean as darker colours. With this season’s silhouettes referencing the ’80s and the ‘60s, bright shiny white boots feel perfect for this trend train. Not only are they a refreshing change from the heavy clumpiness of their darker coloured cousins, but they are also versatile enough to pair with tailoring and dresses, see for yourself by scrolling on…Bella Hadid strides into winter wearing blue tailoring with bright white shiny boots.Camille Charriere’s patent boots are the stuff of Swinging ‘60s dreams. Teamed with a silk dress they go from go-go girl to AW18.There is a barely a day that goes by when Teen Vogue’s editor Elaine Welteroth posts a picture of herself wearing these boots. Why? Because they actually go with anything – from dressy dresses to jeans and tees, it turns out they are incredibly versatile.Get the outfit right, and a Cowboy boot’s mini heel can make a major impact.With winter upon us bare legs are not an option so give those summer skirts a spin with over-the-knee boots that limit elemental exposure.Yes, this was a Halloween outfit, but boilersuits are big news this season, and it turns out they work best with barely laced Dr Martens.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Open any fashion magazine (or preferably The Debrief Style tab), and you’ll see that knee-high and thigh-grazing boots are the toast of this winter. And, I’m really sad about that.Until this winter short, ankle-height boots, be them shiny, matt, sock-like, shearling or any number of permutations possible have been permissible. But, in some collectively cruel manner the runways of Christian Dior, Versace, Balmain, Chanel, Balenciaga, Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs were ankle boot-free zones. Like a boycott was underway they revisited slouchily scrunched 80s styles and dangled rhinestone-covered booties in front us.As if they’d read the minds of designers before their work hit the catwalk, street style stars retired their abbreviated boots in time for the fashion week. Rather than teaming minidresses with miniature boots, they opted for thigh-highs in clingy fabrics that suctioned to the leg, or zany exotic skinned boots that they hid under swathes of midi-dress fabric. This winter the more absurd the boot, the more welcome it is. Cowboy boots, hello. Spaceman style mirrored thigh highs, come on in. Swarovski covered kitten heel knee-highs, welcome. It’s an OTT free-for-all.A search through the shops and you’ll see that Net-A-Porter is still stocking 600 ankle boots compared with 116 taller models. And, at the other end of the spectrum, ASOS has 592 short styles while only 162 over-the-calf options. So, I know I’m not alone in wanting to keep this ankle boot fashion going.The experts at WGSN have been discussing the waning style. Last year they noticed that ankle boots with wedge heels sold 17% less than previously. And, that they saw the more elaborate styles, like tasselled and velvet designs spiking in popularity and number.Earlier this year Man Repeller also noticed the glory days of ankle boots were long gone. Rather than entirely dismissing them, they decided to give them a little styling love. Yet, here we are a few months later, and this hasn’t caught on.WATCH NOW: A Brief History Of Fashion Week Though my calves may be warmer, I’ll miss my ankle boots. I’ll miss how neat they looked with trousers, how they kept my feet warm, how were work appropriate and how easy they are to get on and off. For, you can’t wear flares and thigh-highs. And, everyone knows OTT boots are too sexy for the boardroom. And, don’t get me started on how impossible they are to store. Really, who has the space for that much footwear?Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here are all her most memorable looks from the A Girl Like Me era to the 360 degree icon she is today, with a sell-out beauty collection under her belt, 68 chart singles and even an acting gig on a popular TV show.And what a style transformation it's been...Back in 2005, Rihanna would team low-rise boyfriend jeans with a gaudy halterneck. Oh the Noughties! Oh our eyes! What an incredible time for casual dressing.Remember the time Rihanna took style pointers from 'Ender's Kat Slater? Well, you do now.Rihanna returns after a break in music in 2009 with an edgy haircut (which was to be replicated by millions) and a mannish tux.Rihanna begins to step outside her comfort zone in a daring assemble that she is known for today. With big, burgundy hair and a mesh length frock, we adore this award-ceremony look.Rih goes gothic with a plunging bandeau bralet and a fishtail mesh skirt to match.It's 2012, and Rihanna is back looking hella classy with a fantastic blend of dangerous. Oh and we are obsessed with the honey-hued lob.It's the 2014 Grammy awards and Rihanna opts for a shimmering yellow, floor-length evening gown, playing homage to her Caribbean roots.Another bold sartorial choice from Rihanna. The star went to a Los Angeles dinner wearing nipple pasties, a draping white skirt and fishnet stockings. Definitely not one for the shrinking violets amongst us.Oooh the wrath of teenage rebellion! Rihanna goes full goth whilst unveiling the artwork for her album 'ANTI'.Here is Rihanna at the 2015 Met Gala wearing that cape, which afterwards inspired hundreds of memes, including one that compared her assemble to a 'spilled omelette'. We are obsessed.In 2015, Rihanna teams a Celine dress with Nike kicks and gives a whole new meaning to 'Sports Luxe'.Rihanna turns up to Coachella in a floor-length violet fur coat, a beautifully parred-down purple lip and clashing Doc Martens.Any devotees to the pyjamma trend take note, as RiRi wears nightwear as outerwear like a pro.The Wild Thoughts singer waltzes around New York in a gorgeous salmon-pink assemble which screams 'Barbie paradise'. In a good way, of course.Rihanna contrasts a printed floor-length smock dress with a bold lip and biiig hair.During the 2016 Tidal Event, the songstress wears a boob-skimming blazer co-ord with white ankle boots.Rihanna channeled her inner-princess side at her Fenty Beauty launch by wearing a lilac tulle dress by Molly Goddard.Bad Gal RIRI quite literally turned the fashion world on it's head, by rocking up to the 2017 Met Gala in Comme des Garçons assemble. Outfit or art? We are torn.Rihanna gives a new meaning to athleisure in neon pink tracksuit and a contrasting sky-blue sports bra.One of the most iconic looks from Ms Fenty, to date. When asked by Laverne Cox what gave her the courage to wear the sheer Adam Selman dress to the CFDA Awards in 2014, she said: "Dear Laverne, I took advantage of my t***ies before they go south. I saw my window, and I took it." Hear hear.Rihanna oozes attitude, despite wearing a ruffled, polka dot dress to the Kid's Choice Awards in 2010.The songstress never been one to shy away from head-turning stage outfits. Here she is in an ab-skimming, gold detailed tracksuit, that is definitely too showy to wear to your morning pilates class...The Take A Bow singer paid homage to a young Britney Spears at the 2005 World Music Awards. Though kudos for rocking a skirt brighter than Harper Beckham's future .2006 Rihanna ups the glam-factor in a simple, but oh-so stylish nude dress. Princess-esque and almost a little too perfect from the Wild Thoughts singer.The songstress was spotted at the 2006 Nickelodeon Kid's Choice Awards wearing er, spots! Oh and fuchsia pink leggings which we all can admit to wearing at one point...Once upon a time, Bad Gal Ri Ri would coordinate her oversized knit, baker cap and tights. There is hope for us all.A wholesome Rihanna rocked up to the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards wearing white skinny jeans (remember those days?) and a teeny weeny sequin-encrusted waistcoat. She had the Island-girl image nailed.Define Noughties fashion in one picture? Denim skirt - check. Lace-detailed cami - check. Metallic cowboys - check. Rih Rih looks every inch a R&B artist of 2005.Rihanna plays it safe with a black LBD and stilettos in 2007.One of Ms Fenty's most low-key looks to date. The lipstick connoisseur plays it safe with a black LBD and simple accessories. Miles away from her 'fur coat, no bra' aesthetic ten years on.Rihanna wears a glitzy bodycon dress and perfectly permed tresses to the 2006 MTV awards.Rihanna's Style Transformation - Grazia 2of31Back in 2005, Rihanna would team low-rise boyfriend jeans with a gaudy halterneck. Oh the Noughties! Oh our eyes! What an incredible time for casual dressing.Remember the time Rihanna took style pointers from 'Ender's Kat Slater? Well, you do now.Rihanna returns after a break in music in 2009 with an edgy haircut (which was to be replicated by millions) and a mannish tux.Rihanna begins to step outside her comfort zone in a daring assemble that she is known for today. With big, burgundy hair and a mesh length frock, we adore this award-ceremony look.Rih goes gothic with a plunging bandeau bralet and a fishtail mesh skirt to match.It's 2012, and Rihanna is back looking hella classy with a fantastic blend of dangerous. Oh and we are obsessed with the honey-hued lob.It's the 2014 Grammy awards and Rihanna opts for a shimmering yellow, floor-length evening gown, playing homage to her Caribbean roots.Another bold sartorial choice from Rihanna. The star went to a Los Angeles dinner wearing nipple pasties, a draping white skirt and fishnet stockings. Definitely not one for the shrinking violets amongst us.Oooh the wrath of teenage rebellion! Rihanna goes full goth whilst unveiling the artwork for her album 'ANTI'.Here is Rihanna at the 2015 Met Gala wearing that cape, which afterwards inspired hundreds of memes, including one that compared her assemble to a 'spilled omelette'. We are obsessed.In 2015, Rihanna teams a Celine dress with Nike kicks and gives a whole new meaning to 'Sports Luxe'.Rihanna turns up to Coachella in a floor-length violet fur coat, a beautifully parred-down purple lip and clashing Doc Martens.Any devotees to the pyjamma trend take note, as RiRi wears nightwear as outerwear like a pro.The Wild Thoughts singer waltzes around New York in a gorgeous salmon-pink assemble which screams 'Barbie paradise'. In a good way, of course.Rihanna contrasts a printed floor-length smock dress with a bold lip and biiig hair.During the 2016 Tidal Event, the songstress wears a boob-skimming blazer co-ord with white ankle boots.Rihanna channeled her inner-princess side at her Fenty Beauty launch by wearing a lilac tulle dress by Molly Goddard.Bad Gal RIRI quite literally turned the fashion world on it's head, by rocking up to the 2017 Met Gala in Comme des Garçons assemble. Outfit or art? We are torn.Rihanna gives a new meaning to athleisure in neon pink tracksuit and a contrasting sky-blue sports bra.One of the most iconic looks from Ms Fenty, to date. When asked by Laverne Cox what gave her the courage to wear the sheer Adam Selman dress to the CFDA Awards in 2014, she said: "Dear Laverne, I took advantage of my t***ies before they go south. I saw my window, and I took it." Hear hear.Rihanna oozes attitude, despite wearing a ruffled, polka dot dress to the Kid's Choice Awards in 2010.The songstress never been one to shy away from head-turning stage outfits. Here she is in an ab-skimming, gold detailed tracksuit, that is definitely too showy to wear to your morning pilates class...The Take A Bow singer paid homage to a young Britney Spears at the 2005 World Music Awards. Though kudos for rocking a skirt brighter than Harper Beckham's future .2006 Rihanna ups the glam-factor in a simple, but oh-so stylish nude dress. Princess-esque and almost a little too perfect from the Wild Thoughts singer.The songstress was spotted at the 2006 Nickelodeon Kid's Choice Awards wearing er, spots! Oh and fuchsia pink leggings which we all can admit to wearing at one point...Once upon a time, Bad Gal Ri Ri would coordinate her oversized knit, baker cap and tights. There is hope for us all.A wholesome Rihanna rocked up to the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards wearing white skinny jeans (remember those days?) and a teeny weeny sequin-encrusted waistcoat. She had the Island-girl image nailed.Define Noughties fashion in one picture? Denim skirt - check. Lace-detailed cami - check. Metallic cowboys - check. Rih Rih looks every inch a R&B artist of 2005.Rihanna plays it safe with a black LBD and stilettos in 2007.One of Ms Fenty's most low-key looks to date. The lipstick connoisseur plays it safe with a black LBD and simple accessories. Miles away from her 'fur coat, no bra' aesthetic ten years on.Rihanna wears a glitzy bodycon dress and perfectly permed tresses to the 2006 MTV awards.Like this? You might also be interested in:A Complete Guide To Rihanna's Tattoos – Including Her New Shark InkA Rihanna And Lupita Nyong'o Film Is Coming (And It's All Thanks To Twitter)What Happened When Rihanna And Brigitte Macron Met In Paris?Now watch: 15 times we LOVED Chrissy Teigen's outfits© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Amal Clooney is one hell of a woman. The hugely successful human rights lawyer, who studied in New York and has worked on everything from the Israel-Gaza conflict to the recognition of the Armenian Genocide, is so much more than Mrs George Clooney.Take a look at her best looks in the gallery below…Credit: GettyAt the Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in 2015, Amal wore a red dress by Paule Ka.Credit: GettyAmal visited the Acropolis Museum in Athens in 2014, and wore a Chanel suit.Credit: GettyOn the eve of their wedding in Venice in 2014, Amal wore a striped Dolce & Gabbana dress.Credit: GettyIn Venice in 2014, Amal looked divine in a Giambattista Valli dress.Credit: GettyAmal wowed in a strapless, floor-length black Dolce & Gabbana gown when she attended the Celebrity Fight Night in Italy in 2014, alongside husband George.Credit: GettyAmal wore a Stella McCartney suit when she landed at Marco Polo Airport in Venice, in 2014.Credit: gettyAmal wore a Camilla Bona dress when she visited the Greek Ministry of Culture and Sports in 2014.Credit: GettyAmal stunned in a black Dior gown at the 72nd Annual Golden Awards in 2015.Credit: GettyAmal was out in Soho, New York in 2015 wearing a Gucci blouse and carrying a Balenciaga bag.Credit: GettyAmal wore Giambattista Valli trousers with a plain black top in New York in spring 2015.Credit: GettyOn the set of George Clooney's film Money Monster in New York in 2015, Amal wore Giambattista Valli blouse with jeans and platforms.Credit: GettyAmal wore a black, white and red Alexander McQueen dress with black stilettos when she was out with husband George in New York in spring 2015.Credit: GettyAmal and George attended 'China: Through the Looking Glass' 2015 Costume Institute Benefit Gala, at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 2015. Amal wore a scarlet Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.Credit: GettyAt the Tomorrowland premiere in Tokyo in 2015, Amal wowed in a custom gold Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.Credit: GettyOut in London in 2015, Amal looked chic in a khaki jumpsuit by Sonia Rykiel, and tan mules.Credit: GettyAt the Casamigos Tequila Spain launch in Ibiza, 2015, Amal dazzled in a gold sequin mini dress.Credit: GettyAmal wore a Giambattista Valli gown when she attended the premiere of her husband's film Hail, Caesar! in early 2016.Credit: GettyAmal and George attended the MPTF 95th anniversary 'Hollywood's Night Under The Stars' in 2016. Amal wore silk high-waisted Ossie Clark trousers with an off-shoulder black top.Credit: GettyAmal attended the Charlotte Tilbury Christmas Party in 2015 wearing a metallic silver two-piece by Lanvin.Credit: GettyWhen speaking at the Texas Conference for Women Amal wore a pinstriped dress by Giorgio Armani.Credit: GettyAmal and George attend the Netflix special screening and reception of The White Helmets. Amal opted for a floral Dolce and Gabbana dress.Credit: GettyWhilst running around New York in the summer, Amal's style never flounders. Here she rocks the preppy look in a Gucci contrast pussy bow dress.Credit: GettyAmal was spotted out on the streets of Manhattan in September wearing dogtooth trousers, a long red coat, big shades and pointed stilettos. We're obsessed with this look.Amal Clooney Style - Grazia2of23At the Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in 2015, Amal wore a red dress by Paule Ka.Amal visited the Acropolis Museum in Athens in 2014, and wore a Chanel suit.On the eve of their wedding in Venice in 2014, Amal wore a striped Dolce & Gabbana dress.In Venice in 2014, Amal looked divine in a Giambattista Valli dress.Amal wowed in a strapless, floor-length black Dolce & Gabbana gown when she attended the Celebrity Fight Night in Italy in 2014, alongside husband George.Amal wore a Stella McCartney suit when she landed at Marco Polo Airport in Venice, in 2014.Amal wore a Camilla Bona dress when she visited the Greek Ministry of Culture and Sports in 2014.Amal stunned in a black Dior gown at the 72nd Annual Golden Awards in 2015.Amal was out in Soho, New York in 2015 wearing a Gucci blouse and carrying a Balenciaga bag.Amal wore Giambattista Valli trousers with a plain black top in New York in spring 2015.On the set of George Clooney's film Money Monster in New York in 2015, Amal wore Giambattista Valli blouse with jeans and platforms.Amal wore a black, white and red Alexander McQueen dress with black stilettos when she was out with husband George in New York in spring 2015.Amal and George attended 'China: Through the Looking Glass' 2015 Costume Institute Benefit Gala, at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 2015. Amal wore a scarlet Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.At the Tomorrowland premiere in Tokyo in 2015, Amal wowed in a custom gold Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.Out in London in 2015, Amal looked chic in a khaki jumpsuit by Sonia Rykiel, and tan mules.At the Casamigos Tequila Spain launch in Ibiza, 2015, Amal dazzled in a gold sequin mini dress.Amal wore a Giambattista Valli gown when she attended the premiere of her husband's film Hail, Caesar! in early 2016.Amal and George attended the MPTF 95th anniversary 'Hollywood's Night Under The Stars' in 2016. Amal wore silk high-waisted Ossie Clark trousers with an off-shoulder black top.Amal attended the Charlotte Tilbury Christmas Party in 2015 wearing a metallic silver two-piece by Lanvin.When speaking at the Texas Conference for Women Amal wore a pinstriped dress by Giorgio Armani.Amal and George attend the Netflix special screening and reception of The White Helmets. Amal opted for a floral Dolce and Gabbana dress.Whilst running around New York in the summer, Amal's style never flounders. Here she rocks the preppy look in a Gucci contrast pussy bow dress.Amal was spotted out on the streets of Manhattan in September wearing dogtooth trousers, a long red coat, big shades and pointed stilettos. We're obsessed with this look.READ MORE: **Why Michelle Obama Is The First Lady Of Fashion**Why Michelle Obama Is The First Lady Of FashionREAD MORE: **Kate Middleton's Best Fashion Moments**Kate Middleton's Best Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As anyone who follows Emily Ratajkowski on Instagram knows too well, the model is a big fan of swimwear. She regularly posts snaps of herself in new swimwear pieces and it was only time before Ratajkowski set out to create her own designs. Ratajkowski has been teasing imagery of her new swimwear line via the brand’s Instagram account and now we can see the pieces in full for the first time.Aptly named Inamorataswim, her debut collection includes six pieces. The range is made up of  three swimsuits and three bikinis each available in a variety of colour ways including block hues, polka dots and leopard print. Featuring flattering high-cut bottoms, cute cut-out details and retro bows, the collection is seriously Instagrammable. With prices starting at $75 (£56), the collection is also pretty affordable.Naturally, Ratajkowski modelled the collection herself, shooting the campaign imagery in a series of sun soaked holiday locations complete with an adorable fluffy dog. Speaking about her inspiration for the collection, Ratajkowski explained that she had always been obsessed with swimwear. ‘I grew up in San Diego and I basically wore a bathing suit every day on the beach. When I was 16, sometimes I would literally wake up, not put on any clothes, and I’d put on a bathing suit and get coffees and burritos for the day,’ Ratajkowski told Vogue.READ MORE: Emily Ratajkowski Calls Out Magazine Over Photoshopped CoverREAD MORE:  The Australian Swimwear Brands You Need To Know AboutREAD MORE:  The Most Popular SS17 Swimwear Trends, According To Pinterest© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Tis the season for Christmas parties and subsequently the inevitable wardrobe crises. However, fear not if the thought of slipping into a sequin encrusted bodycon dress sends shivers down your spine, there are many other ways to sartorially celebrate the festive season.If you’re looking for alternative inspiration, look no further than the perpetually stylish Haim. At last night’s Guggenheim International Gala Pre-Party the trio wore not one, but two perfect party outfits. While the girls were dressed in head-to-toe Dior (jealous, us?), their ensembles are definitely something we can recreate at home or via the high streetFirst up, on the red carpet they wore a co-ordinating combination of sparkling metallic pieces styled with cool-girl accessories. Alana wore a star printed corset dress with a leather beret while Danielle styled a pair of tailored trousers with a velvet bandeau top, and Este sported a sparkly lurex body with an embellished midi skirt.For their big performance the girls did a quick costume change swapping into red outfits complete with matching knee-high lace-up boots. Both Alana and Este wore sparkling red dresses (with Alana adding a sheer midi over the top), while Danielle wore red leather trousers and a slinky shirt.And there you have it, all the inspiration you need for party dressing with a difference. If only it was so easy to get there envy-inducing hair?WATCH NOW: Most expensive dresses in historyREAD MORE: How To Dress Up For A Christmas Party, When You Don't Like Dressing UpREAD MORE: 13 Christmas Party Dresses We're Coveting For The Festive SeasonREAD MORE: The Most Fashionable Jumpers This Festive Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like floppy disks and VHS, coloured tights are a thing of a past. Though Chanel, Gucci and Givenchy have been making the case for statement hosiery this winter, we just can’t imagine a reality where they will be as popular as they were in the mid-Noughties. Try as we might, it just seems unlikely that us lot who lived through the trend the first time will be willing to pick up where we left off. We’ve learnt our lesson: purple legs look like walking aubergines, scarlet pins are reminiscent or a massacre, and don’t get us started on that murky grey colour than made your thighs look dirty and withered. The mid-2000s were a hard time, to which these women can attest…The band formed during the summer of 2007 AKA the peak era of playful hosiery (think: House of Holland’s fake suspenders and Topshop's patterned thigh highs). However, as writ in girl band law the whole group had to dress alike, which meant a rainbow of legs on stage.This Upper East Sider rolled deep in three things: headbands, Chuck Bass and coloured tights. Rarely seen without all three, her hosiery collection puts Harrods to shame.It’s such a shame that her tights weren’t murdered on the dancefloor.Not even the Chung-ster, Britain's reigning style queen, was immune to a brightly coloured leg. The indie movement was a dangerous time for us all.Rarely one to say no to a natty trend, she of the Princess-y handbags and bad reputation has long shown loyalty to the tokenistic tight.Paloma’s personal style is nothing if not kooky and what showcases that more than lime and apricot tights?Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This year Bottega Veneta’s creative director Tomas Maier is celebrating 20-years of his namesake label. To commemorate he has designed the TM20 bag, which is available from the brand’s website and in-store. Decorated with the designer’s signature spidery palm leaf motif, it features a thick guitar strap handle that can be removed. This playful shoulder bag comes in metallic pink, mint green and blue. It perfectly typifies his design philosophy.After studying his customer for two decades, he knows what they like. Maier’s work makes the most of lush fabrication, but there's an easy sensibility to his pieces that are engineered to fit and to work. Take the TM20, which has all the appeal of a punchy trend piece, yet it is perfectly weighted and sized for a woman that lives in the real world. He says he took ’elements relevant to the brand’ like ‘palm trees’ but modified them to make them more comfortable to wear.Though he’s swift to move to the beat of the age, Maier has seen the fashion industry change a lot since he launched his eponymous line. ‘The process is the same, each designer has their method. I begin with colour, fabric and then shape.’ Maier explains to Grazia before adding, ‘Technology has advanced in terms of development and also the ability to reach the clients more directly and quickly.’As pre-collections and cruise lines have been squeezed into the fashion calendar and the demand for newness has never been more desired, Maier thinks ‘fashion was more joyful than it is now’. He laments that ‘creativity outweighed commerce’ and unlike in 1997 (when Maier launched his label) the system is dictated by how a collection sells. With data being mined at every opportunity, the way a brand designs is driven by how well a shape sold last season as much as how the zeitgeist is translated into a trend. Yet, against what Maier sees as odds he's carved a niche that's seen him future-proofed for a further twenty years, at least.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You know when you wear something that you think you look really nice in, and you can’t wait to wear it again? Imagine that feeling, except that you’re the Duchess of Cambridge and every time you step foot outside, the world chronicles exactly what you wear, how much you spent on it, and what you look like in it.Yes, sorry about that, Kate.But all this means that when Kate does repeat an outfit, she must really love it.Here are (almost) all the outfits the Duchess of Cambridge has recycled over the years. (BTW: That McQueen military ensemble? How much restraint must she have not to wear it every day?)Credit: Getty ImagesDate: December 15, 2015 Where: Anna Freud Centre Family School Christmas Party Outfit: Red Alexander McQueen dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: June 3, 2012Where: The Thames River Pageant at the Diamond Jubilee celebrations Outfit: Red Alexander McQueen dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: April 9, 2014 Where: Plunket Play Group at Government House Outfit: Tory Burch dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: October 10, 2015 Where: Event hosted by Mind at Harrow College Outfit: Tory Burch dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: July 8, 2011 Where: British Consul-General's residence reception, LA Outfit: Green Diane von Furstenberg dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: July 29, 2011 Where: Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall's Pre Wedding Party On the Royal Yacht Britannia Outfit: Green Diane von Furstenberg dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: 6 May, 2006 Where: Wedding Of Laura Parker Bowles & Harry Lopes At St Cyriacs Church, Lacock, Wiltshire Outfit: DAY Birger et Mikkelsen coat dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: July 30, 2011 Where: Wedding of Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall at Canongate Kirk, Edinburgh Outfit: DAY Birger et Mikkelsen coat dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: 29 August, 2012 Where: Opening ceremony for the London Paralympic Games 2012 Outfit: DAY Birger et Mikkelsen coat dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: July 7, 2011 Where: Slave Lake, Alberta Outfit: J Brand jeans, Stuart Weitzman wedges and navy blazerCredit: Getty ImagesDate: August 9, 2012 Where: Team GB House in the Westfield Centre on Day 13 of the London 2012 Olympic Games Outfit: J Brand jeans, Stuart Weitzman wedges and navy blazerCredit: Getty ImagesDate: July 29, 2014 Where: 20th Commonwealth Games, Glasgow Outfit: ...Oh, and the navy blazer goes with everything.Credit: Getty ImagesDate: October 18, 2013 Where: Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, London Outfit: J Brand jeans, Stuart Weitzman wedges and navy blazerCredit: Getty ImagesDate: August 19, 2011 Where: Machan Express Coffee bar in Birmingham Outfit: Alexander McQueen blouse and skirtCredit: Getty ImagesDate: June 18, 2014 Where: Bletchley Park Outfit: Alexander McQueen blouse and skirtCredit: Getty ImagesDate: November 8, 2012 Where: Reception and Dinner in aid of the University of St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Appeal at Middle Temple Hall Outfit: Temperley London Amoret gownCredit: Getty ImagesDate: January 8, 2012 Where: War Horse UK film premiere at the Odeon Leicester Square Outfit: Temperley London Amoret gownCredit: Getty ImagesDate: May 8, 2012 Where: A dinner hosted by The Thirty Club at Claridges Outfit: Roland Mouret ivory gownCredit: Getty ImagesDate: December 5, 2013 Where: Royal film performance of Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom at Odeon Leicester Square Outfit: Roland Mouret ivory gownCredit: Getty ImagesDate: September 2, 2012 Where: London 2012 Paralympic GamesOutfit: Zara navy blazerCredit: Getty ImagesDate: April 13, 2014 Where: Queenstown, New Zealand Outfit: Zara navy blazerCredit: Getty ImagesDate: September 18, 2012 Where: Tuvalu, Diamond Jubilee tour Outfit: Yellow broderie anglaise dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: April 20, 2014 Where: Taronga Zoo, Sydney Outfit: Yellow broderie anglaise dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: April 18, 2014 Where: Manly Beach, Sydney Outfit: Zimmermann Roamer sun dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: July 2, 2014 Where: Wimbledon Tennis Championships Outfit: Zimmermann Roamer sun dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: March 15, 2012 Where: The Prince's Foundation For Children And The Arts at Dulwich Picture Gallery Outfit: Orla Kiely dressCredit: Getty ImagesDate: October 27, 2015 Where: Islington Town Hall, London Outfit: Orla Kiely dressCredit: GettyDate: 9 June 2011Where: ARK 10th anniversary dinnerOutfit:  Jenny Packham dressCredit: GettyDate: June 22, 2016Where: A fundraising gala for East Anglia Children's Hospices Outfit:  Jenny Packham dressCredit: GettyDate: 19 April 2014Where: Visiting RAAF Amberley, Brisbane on the royal tour of Australia and New ZealandOutfit: Floral dress by LK Bennett Credit: GettyDate: 24 August 2016 Where: Visiting youth projects in LutonOutfit: Floral dress by LK Bennett Date: 11 March 2016Where: Visiting the XLP mentoring programmeOutfit: Skirt suit by bespoke womenswear brand Eponine LondonCredit: GettyDate: 24 March 2017 Where: The launch of 'Out of the Blue' for Best BeginningsOutfit: Skirt suit by bespoke womenswear brand Eponine LondonCredit: GettyDate: 1 October 2016Where: Leaving Canada by plane from Victoria HarbourOutfit: Cream Catherine Walker coatCredit: GettyDate: 16 April 2017 Where: Easter Sunday Service at Windsor Castle Outfit: Cream Catherine Walker coatCredit: GettyDate: 5 July 2012Where: The Order of the Thistle ceremony, EdinburghOutfit: Emilia Wickstead coat dressCredit: GettyDate: 14 April 2016Where: Arriving in BhutanOutfit: Emilia Wickstead coat dressCredit: GettyDate: 25 February 2011Where:Outfit: Luisa Spagnoli skirt suitCredit: GettyDate: 14 April 2014Where: Playing cricket on the tour of New ZealandOutfit: Luisa Spagnoli skirt suitCredit: GettyDate: 6 February 2017Where: Attending the Place2Be Big Assembly at Mitchell Brook Primary SchoolOutfit: Luisa Spagnoli skirt suitDate: 11 February 2014Where: Attending the Portrait Gala 2014: Collecting To InspireOutfit: Jenny Packham dressDate: 9 December 2014Where: Attending the St Andrews 600th anniversary dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New YorkOutfit: Jenny Packham dressCredit: GettyDate: 18 May 2012Where: Garden party at Buckingham PalaceOutfit: Emilia Wickstead dressCredit: GettyDate: 29 May 2012Where: Lunch celebrating the Queen's Diamond JubileeOutfit: Emilia Wickstead dressCredit: GettyDate: 30 November 2012Where: Visiting St Andrews School in BerkshireOutfit: Alexander McQueen coatCredit: GettyDate: 25 December 2013Where: Attending the Christmas day service at SandringhamOutfit: Alexander McQueen coatCredit: GettyDate: 16 April 2014Where: Greeting crowds at the Sydney Opera HouseOutfit: Yellow Roksanda dressCredit: GettyDate: 7 July 2016Where: Attending WimbledonOutfit: Yellow Roksanda dressCredit: GettyDate: 4 July 2011Where: Visiting Province House as part of the royal tour of CanadaOutfit: Alexander McQueen dressCredit: GettyDate: 4 July 2012Where: Attending WimbledonOutfit: Alexander McQueen dressKate Middleton Repeat Recycled Outfits2of50Date: December 15, 2015 Where: Anna Freud Centre Family School Christmas Party Outfit: Red Alexander McQueen dressDate: June 3, 2012Where: The Thames River Pageant at the Diamond Jubilee celebrations Outfit: Red Alexander McQueen dressDate: April 9, 2014 Where: Plunket Play Group at Government House Outfit: Tory Burch dressDate: October 10, 2015 Where: Event hosted by Mind at Harrow College Outfit: Tory Burch dressDate: July 8, 2011 Where: British Consul-General's residence reception, LA Outfit: Green Diane von Furstenberg dressDate: July 29, 2011 Where: Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall's Pre Wedding Party On the Royal Yacht Britannia Outfit: Green Diane von Furstenberg dressDate: 6 May, 2006 Where: Wedding Of Laura Parker Bowles & Harry Lopes At St Cyriacs Church, Lacock, Wiltshire Outfit: DAY Birger et Mikkelsen coat dressDate: July 30, 2011 Where: Wedding of Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall at Canongate Kirk, Edinburgh Outfit: DAY Birger et Mikkelsen coat dressDate: 29 August, 2012 Where: Opening ceremony for the London Paralympic Games 2012 Outfit: DAY Birger et Mikkelsen coat dressDate: July 7, 2011 Where: Slave Lake, Alberta Outfit: J Brand jeans, Stuart Weitzman wedges and navy blazerDate: August 9, 2012 Where: Team GB House in the Westfield Centre on Day 13 of the London 2012 Olympic Games Outfit: J Brand jeans, Stuart Weitzman wedges and navy blazerDate: July 29, 2014 Where: 20th Commonwealth Games, Glasgow Outfit: ...Oh, and the navy blazer goes with everything.Date: October 18, 2013 Where: Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, London Outfit: J Brand jeans, Stuart Weitzman wedges and navy blazerDate: August 19, 2011 Where: Machan Express Coffee bar in Birmingham Outfit: Alexander McQueen blouse and skirtDate: June 18, 2014 Where: Bletchley Park Outfit: Alexander McQueen blouse and skirtDate: November 8, 2012 Where: Reception and Dinner in aid of the University of St. Andrews 600th Anniversary Appeal at Middle Temple Hall Outfit: Temperley London Amoret gownDate: January 8, 2012 Where: War Horse UK film premiere at the Odeon Leicester Square Outfit: Temperley London Amoret gownDate: May 8, 2012 Where: A dinner hosted by The Thirty Club at Claridges Outfit: Roland Mouret ivory gownDate: December 5, 2013 Where: Royal film performance of Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom at Odeon Leicester Square Outfit: Roland Mouret ivory gownDate: September 2, 2012 Where: London 2012 Paralympic GamesOutfit: Zara navy blazerDate: April 13, 2014 Where: Queenstown, New Zealand Outfit: Zara navy blazerDate: September 18, 2012 Where: Tuvalu, Diamond Jubilee tour Outfit: Yellow broderie anglaise dressDate: April 20, 2014 Where: Taronga Zoo, Sydney Outfit: Yellow broderie anglaise dressDate: April 18, 2014 Where: Manly Beach, Sydney Outfit: Zimmermann Roamer sun dressDate: July 2, 2014 Where: Wimbledon Tennis Championships Outfit: Zimmermann Roamer sun dressDate: March 15, 2012 Where: The Prince's Foundation For Children And The Arts at Dulwich Picture Gallery Outfit: Orla Kiely dressDate: October 27, 2015 Where: Islington Town Hall, London Outfit: Orla Kiely dressDate: 9 June 2011Where: ARK 10th anniversary dinnerOutfit:  Jenny Packham dressDate: June 22, 2016Where: A fundraising gala for East Anglia Children's Hospices Outfit:  Jenny Packham dressDate: 19 April 2014Where: Visiting RAAF Amberley, Brisbane on the royal tour of Australia and New ZealandOutfit: Floral dress by LK Bennett Date: 24 August 2016 Where: Visiting youth projects in LutonOutfit: Floral dress by LK Bennett Date: 11 March 2016Where: Visiting the XLP mentoring programmeOutfit: Skirt suit by bespoke womenswear brand Eponine LondonDate: 24 March 2017 Where: The launch of 'Out of the Blue' for Best BeginningsOutfit: Skirt suit by bespoke womenswear brand Eponine LondonDate: 1 October 2016Where: Leaving Canada by plane from Victoria HarbourOutfit: Cream Catherine Walker coatDate: 16 April 2017 Where: Easter Sunday Service at Windsor Castle Outfit: Cream Catherine Walker coatDate: 5 July 2012Where: The Order of the Thistle ceremony, EdinburghOutfit: Emilia Wickstead coat dressDate: 14 April 2016Where: Arriving in BhutanOutfit: Emilia Wickstead coat dressDate: 25 February 2011Where:Outfit: Luisa Spagnoli skirt suitDate: 14 April 2014Where: Playing cricket on the tour of New ZealandOutfit: Luisa Spagnoli skirt suitDate: 6 February 2017Where: Attending the Place2Be Big Assembly at Mitchell Brook Primary SchoolOutfit: Luisa Spagnoli skirt suitDate: 11 February 2014Where: Attending the Portrait Gala 2014: Collecting To InspireOutfit: Jenny Packham dressDate: 9 December 2014Where: Attending the St Andrews 600th anniversary dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New YorkOutfit: Jenny Packham dressDate: 18 May 2012Where: Garden party at Buckingham PalaceOutfit: Emilia Wickstead dressDate: 29 May 2012Where: Lunch celebrating the Queen's Diamond JubileeOutfit: Emilia Wickstead dressDate: 30 November 2012Where: Visiting St Andrews School in BerkshireOutfit: Alexander McQueen coatDate: 25 December 2013Where: Attending the Christmas day service at SandringhamOutfit: Alexander McQueen coatDate: 16 April 2014Where: Greeting crowds at the Sydney Opera HouseOutfit: Yellow Roksanda dressDate: 7 July 2016Where: Attending WimbledonOutfit: Yellow Roksanda dressDate: 4 July 2011Where: Visiting Province House as part of the royal tour of CanadaOutfit: Alexander McQueen dressDate: 4 July 2012Where: Attending WimbledonOutfit: Alexander McQueen dressREAD MORE: **Kate Middleton Makes Her Royal Ascot Debut**Kate Middleton Makes Her Royal Ascot DebutREAD MORE: **Prince William's Attitude Cover Set To Be A Bestseller**Prince William's Attitude Cover Set To Be A Bestseller© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bat Gio, she of the superhero Instagram moniker (737K followers and rising ), arrives at our shoot in London having had little sleep. No matter. She is as irrepressible as her leopard-print trouser suit which, naturally, she posted in a 5am selfie (#myfavouritecolourisanimalia). A street- style phenomenon, designer muse and a fashion editor for W and Japanese Vogue, she lives between New York, Stockholm and, most recently, a pile in the Oxfordshire countryside. Married to Swedish property developer Oscar Engelbert, the word ‘glamorous’ doesn’t even cover it, but what she’s not is a show-off – it’s never, as she puts it, ‘Ah, look at that beetch in those expensive clothes!’ –more, this is who I am and what I love so if you like it, come along for the ride.Currently in the middle of her global book tour for Gio-graphy: Fun In The Wild World Of Fashion, a 288-page glossy tome that is one part style guide (what to wear to recover from a hangover) to three parts hilarious romp through her adventures in fashion (from attending a White House State dinner to a Dolce & Gabbana gown meltdown at the Met gala). She looks like Audrey Hepburn, laughs like a drain and her personal style – on display 24/7 – is wildly colourful, infectiously optimistic and passionately devoted to fashion. So, who is the real woman behind the fantasy fashion life?Giovanna Battaglia Engelbert, 38, grew up in a creative hothouse. Born and raised in Milan, the heart of Italian fashion, her father is a painter and her mother teaches sculpture at the Brera Fine Arts Academy, where Giovanna also studied sculpture and art history. ‘It’s that beautiful, very grand building, you know it, where Bottega Veneta held their last show,’ she explains – a typical Milanese trait, whereby your local knowledge is nothing if you can’t name the grand building according to which designer most recently showed in it. She is the second child of four equally artistic siblings; her eldest brother Antonio runs an art gallery in Milan, her sister Sara is a fashion designer and her younger brother Luigi constructs set designs for fashion shoots. ‘We are all very strong personalities and have many friends in common, so when we all turn up to parties together, they say: “Oh, you guys are like the Kardashians of Milan. There are so many of you!”’Despite her early obsession with clothes and supermodels, her ambition was to become a scenographer at the opera – there was also a moment, at high school, when she considered going into politics – but both plans were averted once she started modelling and, by 1997, the penny had dropped that a career in fashion might be a whole lot more entertaining. She thought, ‘You know what? If I can’t change the world then I’m just going to make it look better.’‘I was not a good model,’ she confesses. ‘First of all, I was far too opinionated and restless, it was not like I could stay still for a long time, and second, I just didn’t have the drive to be good at it. I remember Gisele (Bündchen) would walk in a room and you felt the energy, she was a like a goddess with endless charisma. And I knew I wasn’t that.’But modelling gave her the opportunity to be independent and earn her own money – which she promptly blew on clothes: ‘Oh crazy, crazy, crazy stuff that my mum would never buy me, like plastic skirts, weird tops, funny boots and, oh, I remember, that T-shirt Kate Moss wore in the Gucci campaign, when it was [under the creative direction of ] Tom Ford. It was a fortune! Obviously, my mum was horrifed that I was spending my money on Gucci, not books or a painting.’Picturing the young Giovanna, the gazelle model with a career in fashion only a heartbeat away, living with her fabulous family, having an apparently perfect life, I wonder how she dealt with the inevitable jealousy that must have been triggered – and is still triggered today? ‘I tend not to acknowledge jealousy, I pretend it doesn’t exist, so I can actually live,’ she says matter-of-factly. ‘And anyway, we had our problems like any other family, my parents are divorced. It wasn’t always fairy tales, let’s say. We went through a very tough time, like many people do and this makes me how I am, you know, an up and down roller coaster.’Her first fashion gig was with a magazine called Pig, located in a garage in Milan’s Brera district. ‘Hey, I’m a stylist, can I make a story for you?’ she said, reeling off her considerable contacts that she’d made through modelling. ‘They said yes, but I paid for every mistake,’ she said, which meant using her own money to ship everything via UPS to and from the shoot in Paris. While Giovanna never had to endure being a lowly fashion intern slavishly toiling away in a windowless fashion cupboard, it took her three years to convince fashion editors that she was serious about styling. Her first break was working for the now-legendary Anna Dello Russo who was the fashion editor of L’Uomo Vogue at the time. When she asked Giovanna how she felt about styling menswear, she replied: ‘“Anna, I would do dogswear, anything”, because, you know, she was this major fashion guru in Milan.’ Working with ADR was the dream that prompted many a Devil-Wears-Prada moment, such as preventing 40 models, togged out in heavy winter clothes, from fainting in the scorching heat in southern Italy, or from freezing to death in bikinis on a glacier. ‘I was always on location, always at war with the weather because, of course, you shoot the seasons back to front. What you have to understand is that with Anna and Franca (Sozzani, the late editor of Italian Vogue), they always wanted to bring a shock to the shoot. So, I soon learned that there is no problem, only a solution. And the word “impossible” does not exist. It was like a constant fashion emergency!’ In 2011, she moved to New York. ‘It was a huge deal for me leaving my home city and my family, I’m an Italian girl and family is everything, but I wanted to have more independence, a bigger playground’. Her career took off. It wasn’t just the job she landed at W, it was her extraordinarily joyous personal style captured by the pioneering street-style lensman Scott Schuman on his then startup blog, The Sartorialist. That, and the confluence of the social media uprising, meant that it was only a matter of time before Giovanna became Bat Gio Global Street Style Superstar. ‘And then it kind of grew exponentially and sort of miraculously, I was becoming bigger because of this online thing. It was flattering and fun, but also a bit of a shock that all anybody wanted to know about was what I was wearing!’ Then came Peacockgate – when the fashion journalist Suzy Menkes penned a seminal piece in 2013 for T, the New York Times’ style magazine, complaining that the international catwalk shows had turned ‘into a zoo: the cattle market of show-off people waiting to be chosen or rejected by the photographers’. The fashion doyenne never singled out Giovanna personally – a true fashion professional as opposed to the army of upstart bloggers who were merely turning up in ever more outrageous outfits for the sole purpose of being photographed – but the article caught the mood of the moment and unsettled even her: ‘I thought, “Should I just wear black to go to the shows?” But, you know what? I never wore black my whole life. Why should I limit myself ? It’s an extension of my personality so I refused to change because of what people might think. I don’t understand what is so difficult about a fashion person who loves fashion and who wants to dress up for a fashion show!’ For someone who is photographed every hour, every day of the four-week long show marathon, it must require military organisation, I suggest? She hoots: ‘Every season I say I’m going to be so organised; I’m going to take pictures of myself wearing everything I have and I’m only going to pack those outfits. Six suitcases later,’ she laughs, ‘I just bring everything I have, ev-ery-thing!’ Still, she is surely inundated with clothes from savvy designers who must view her as a priceless walking billboard? ‘They are very generous,’ she confirms, ‘but when I think about my most regrammed outfits, it’s always the things that I remix with my own clothes. Not head-to-toe designer outfits, it almost brings me no luck, it’s strange. Let’s say, what you see, is 80 per cent mine.’ I wonder if it sometimes gets on her nerves being photographed constantly when she’s rushing from show to show? Not at all. She’s shrewd; she knows it’s a two-way street: ‘You know what? These kids, they make all their money taking pictures during the shows and they have to survive for the next six months! And they are so respectful and cute, “Giovanna, please! Giovanna!” How can I not stop for them? Even if some days you’re exhausted and want to curl up and sleep.’ So how much does she spend on clothes? ‘No comment, hahaha! Let’s just say I give back to the industry, a lot!’ What about people following her on Instagram who can’t afford to emulate her look, does she ever worry she’s representing a luxury ideal that is unattainable to most? She says it’s all about inspiring people, ‘Nowadays you can be creative with so much – look at H&M, look at Zara. Yes, my Burberry coat is expensive, but you can recreate that with vintage,’ she pauses. ‘If you want to dream and you want to follow me, do it, and if I get on your nerves then unfollow me. If jealousy kicks in, which I believe is a disease that is very common, especially with women, then just don’t look. I’m not forcing anybody.’ Her wedding to property mogul Oscar was no normal human’s wedding, but the most extravagant three-day production that resembled one long lavish couture location shoot in Capri, played out on Instagram for all to see. With not one but five fabulous bespoke designer dresses: Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen for the ceremony (‘She’s so kind, so humble, a genius, I could write a love letter about Sarah Burton’) to her good friend Giambattista Valli (to party in the night of the wedding), to Miuccia Prada (for the following night’s disco) to Valentino and Thom Browne for her civil ceremony. ‘I was always, like, “I’m not going to get married”. But I happened to meet this incredible man, so I decided to marry and I thought, “For once, it’s for me, not a magazine, let’s go! Let’s make this fun!”’ (Although, of course, it was featured in many magazines – this one included.) WATCH NOW: Most expensive dresses in history Her joie de vivre knows no bounds. ‘I want to have people around me having a good time, it makes me feel better, even if it takes me being the clown for them to be happy, not to be centre stage just, you know, for fun,’ she laughs, dancing in a sparkly Saint Laurent shift while performing karate high kicks in crystal thigh-high boots, and then: ‘I developed this, erm, ow you call it, armour? Like a positive defence thing because it’s not always so easy, life, the world. It can be really sad and tough, everyone has their problems and tragedies even, so I think I use fashion as a thing to escape.’ Complaining is not in her vocabulary. On our shoot, the proposed six shots turns into 12 – her idea – and, boy, does she work it. But as she always tells herself: ‘There is no other chance than here, today, so just shut up and go. Like, there is no option, plan B does not exist. So, yes, I’m very like that.’ And off she goes, taking us with her on another magical fashion ride. Giovanna’s book Gio-graphy: Serious Fun In The Wild World Of Fashion (£29.95, Rizzoli) is out nowREAD MORE:  Alexa Chung Has Designed Her First Handbag (It Only Costs £25)READ MORE:  The Theme For The Met Gala 2018: RevealedREAD MORE:  The Boots Everyone Is Wearing Right Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it’s a collection of swimwear, denim or petite pieces, when Reformation launches a new line, we listen. The cult LA label famed for its vintage-inspired aesthetic and sustainable credentials has a canny way of creating can’t-live-without-wares, and it’s not just because they count Taylor Swift, Bella Hadid and Margot Robbie as fans. Their latest launch is no different. Following the success of their childrenswear collection, #Reflittles the brand have expanded into the world of baby clothes, and yesterday announced their partnership with sustainable childrenswear brand, Oeuf. Considering Oeuf’s use of natural fibers and their Fair Trade partnerships in Bolivia and Peru, they are a match made in eco heaven for Reformation.For the capsule collection Reformation’s designers re-imagined five of Oeuf's best-selling silhouettes and the results are seriously adorable. Think bunny ear onesies, heart print shorts, pom pom socks and a crown emblazoned with the word ‘feminist’. WATCH NOW: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsReleased in time for the holiday season, the Oeuf collaboration is part of Reformation’s curated Christmas Gift Shop which features products across across beauty, homeware and accessories from like minded companies.  Highlights include natural beauty sets from makeup artist favourite RMS, jewellery from social enterprise Soko, and anti-plastic water bottles from Swell. Much like Reformation’s mainline, all of the products in the Gift Shop can be shipped to the UK.READ MORE:  Reformation Launches A Stylish And Sustainable New Denim LineREAD MORE: Reformation Is Here To Solve All Of Your Holiday WoesREAD MORE:  Don't Call Me Cute: Reformation's Petite Collection Is Back For Good© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It may only be mid-November, but here at The Debrief we've been busy making our Christmas wish-lists (and checking them twice). And after having searched high and low through the Accessorize website, we've found a whole load of brill gifts that we'd love to receive this year (hint hint, Santa). Failing that, we'll just buy them for ourselves, coz why not...Everyone needs a scarf to help get them through the chilly winter months, and what's better than this fluffy yellow one? Wear this over a coat or jumper for effortlessly cool vibes.Scarf, £20 from Accessorize. It's no surprise that hoops are back in (which we're super happy about, BTW). So stock up on these sterling silver ones, which come in small, medium and large sizes, and you'll be set for party season.x3 Set of sterling silver earrings, £19 from Accessorize.This ultra-cosy beret isn't just reserved for the French. Pair it with a casual coat and some droplet earrings to ooze cool-girl vibes. Plus, it's cheap as chips but looks super expensive.Yellow beret, £12 from Accessorize.Make your off-duty wardrobe pop with this printed cross-body bag, which we're totally crushing on. If Santa doesn't deliver this himself, we'd highly recommend popping it under your own Christmas tree.Katie leather leopard saddle bag, £32 from Accessorize.Meet the perfect stocking filler to gift to yourself. This edgy take on traditional hoop earrings is perfect for all of you savvy fashionistas who want to look good from head-to-toe.Sterling silver open hoop earrings, £10 from Accessorize.Can you tell that we're obsessed with berets? This chic one is embellished with pretty pearls that remind us of snow flakes, so we'll definitely be wearing it to Winter Wonderland. After all, we've got to look the part, right?Pearl wool beret, £17 from Accessorize.Boy oh boy have we found you the ultimate New Year's party bag. Looking as if it's been dipped in metallic foil, this ombre cross body bag will be your go-to for 2018's biggest night's out.Leather ombre cross body bag, £32 from Accessorize.Jazz up your coat or jumper with this mystic star brooch. Trust us, it'll be an out-of-this-world hit with your mates.Dark star and pearl brooch, £12 from Accessorize.Shop these Christmas gifts, plus more at Accessorize.Like This? You Might Be Interested In:9 Pairs Of Gloves For Under £9 To Stop You Getting FrostbiteMeet 2017's Answer To The Winter Party DressA Lesson In Colour Blocking Courtesy Of Paloma ElsesserFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gigi Hadid invokes style envy on a daily basis, but it’s normally swiftly followed by bank account-envy. For those of us who don’t have designers drowning us in freebies, it’s a nice surprise when Gigi steps out wearing something a bit more affordable, like this H&M puffer jacket.Gigi’s jacket fulfils the holy trifecta of what we look for at this time of year: warm, trendy, and inexpensive. The fact that it's from H&M - a brand frequented by Gigi - makes it a bit easier to copy than some of her other looks. The best part: it only costs £39.99. Basically, there are no negatives to this situation.The supermodel wore hers over a zipped turtleneck, with striped joggers and cat-eye sunglasses. Even though the puffer jacket doesn’t exactly sound like the most elegant of coats, Gigi still found a way to make it fall gracefully off her shoulder without looking like a Michelin Man falling apart because, well, she’s a Hadid.Whatever way you want to wear yours, it comes in black, khaki and camel as well as Gigi’s red. With Black Friday sales coming soon, you might want to try to begin your Gigi Hadid transformation project ASAP.Like this? You might also be interested in...Gigi Hadid Had Her 21st Birthday And It Couldn't Have Been More Different To OursVogue Reckons Gigi Hadid And Zayn Malik Are 'Gender-Fluid' Because They Share Clothes. Really?Gigi Hadid Proves Skinny Jeans And Heels Still Work In 2017Follow Chloë on Instagram @chloeeejamesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Victoria’s Secret Angels, models and crew are due to touch down in Shanghai next month, but four names are reportedly being struck from the cast after the Chinese government refused them visas.Russian models Julia Belyakova, Kate Grigorieva and Irina Sharipova as well as Dasha Khlystun from Ukraine, have reportedly not been granted entry to the country, for reasons unknown. As recently as July, Chinese news agencies were reporting that relations between them and Russia were at their ‘best time in history’. A Victoria’s Secret fan account confirmed the reports, showing a screenshot of a message sent by Dasha Khlystun on Instagram.The news comes just a few weeks after a 14-year-old model from Russia died after being over-worked during Shanghai Fashion Week, with the Russian authorities reportedly investigating her death. Many Chinese fans took to Twitter to vent their anger over the news, with some calling for Gigi Hadid to instead be barred from the country after she was accused of posting a racist video last year. The video saw her doing an impression of Buddha, imitating his eyes. The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show is one of the biggest events on the fashion calendar, drawing in television audiences from around the world. In previous years it has been held in Paris, London and New York, with performances by artists such as Taylor Swift, The Weeknd and Selena Gomez.READ MORE: How The Victoria’s Secret Angels Get In ShapeREAD MORE: All The Models That Will Walk The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show This Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s no doubt that Gigi Hadid now occupies the same space as Kate Moss, Alexa Chung and Jane Birkin; she’s a bonafide style icon. Whether she’s on a catwalk or not, this American sweetheart has the power to launch trends and galvanise sales. Just today, hundreds of articles were spawned by a single H&M puffer jacket that the model wore this week.With a sunny disposition and a perpetual Californian glow about her, Gigi embodies a new breed of supermodel. Its one that's marketability lies not just on their look on the runway but off. A bad hair day is not allowed, a wash-day wardrobe is unthinkable. Gigi has to look editorial at all times.But, how does she do it? Well, we’ve cracked the code. Though, Gigi works with a  stylist (Mimi Cottrell, in case you’re wondering) she has a relatively simple rubric that leads to her strong OOTD game. And, it’s one that requires very little budget to replicate, in fact, you can probably manage it with what you already have hanging around.If we take a walk through Gigi’s memory lane of outfits there is one obvious link that ties them all together. For every ensemble is a lesson in colour-blocking, out Gigi likes to wear one colour from head-to-toe. And, if the colour isn’t too vivid she’ll use make-up that matches too. For instance, she’ll use a rose hue for blusher, lip and eyeshadow to match an all pink outfit. Or, when she wore head-to-toe steel grey Chanel she finished her look with a smoky eye. Thought the concept of coordinating your jacket to your skirt was something only the Queen did well? Think again. Gigi is a master at co-ords and colour matching.If you follow Gigi’s methodology, then outfit planning should be a breeze. Firstly, organise your closet by colour and then getting dressed in the AM should no longer be a stress.Disclaimer: we can’t promise that you’ll look like Gigi, but this will be a step in that direction. Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Being one of the world’s most famous models means that Gigi Hadid has a wardrobe stocked with some of the most expensive designer labels, but not everything she owns is out of our price range. Case in point, this H&M red cropped puffa jacket, which will set you back just £40.The model stepped out wearing the on-trend (and thoroughly practical) coat yesterday in New York, teaming it with loose black trousers with a red and white stripe and a zip-up cream knit, with the whole look having a ski-chic aesthetic.Of course, puffa jackets have been one of winter’s most predominant trends for a few years now, with Raf Simons creating one that Rihanna wore for Dior in AW16, and Demna Gvasalia including them in his debut collection for Balenciaga the same season.Since then, it has been worn by influencers around the globe – usually during fashion week – and is often styled falling slightly off the shoulders. Fans of the look include Miroslava Duma, Caroline Issa, Julia Sarr Jamois and even Kate Middleton.While Dior and Balenciaga's takes on the trend will set you back some serious £££, the H&M version is definitely on the more affordable side. Race you to the tills.You can buy Gigi's coat here at H&M. Shop more puffa jacket styles below...£69.99, ZaraPuffa jackets Grazia2of6£69.99, Zara£70, Topshop£99.99, Mango£76, Urban Outfitters£125, & Other Stories£99.95, GapREAD MORE: Dissecting Gigi Hadid's Unbeatable StyleREAD MORE: Gigi Hadid Responds To Instagram Body Shamers© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Alexa Chung has the Midas touch when it comes to accessories. Her namesake bag for Mulberry was credited with bucking the recession in 2010. And, everything from jackets to jewellery has been known to sell out after just one photograph of the model-presenter wearing it. Again attempting to turn bags to riches, Chung has designed her first ever handbag.In appearance, it’s an abbreviated tote, but in a classic Alexa twist, it has the quirky familiarity of something remarkably British. In this case picnics. Coloured a pale sky blue, this limited edition canvas gingham shopper costs just £25. Made in conjunction with the Shop Small Campaign, supported by Amex, all profits from its sale go directly to Sarabande, the foundation established by Lee Alexander McQueen.‘Supporting small independent businesses has always been important to me because it was how I was brought up - shopping at the local Hampshire butcher or the village shop. Now that I’m an adult with a business of my own I am acutely aware of how hard it can be to get something up and running.’ Explains the IT girl in a statement, before adding, ‘I was asked to create a canvas tote bag, and we had a couple of other versions in the works before this particular shape occurred to me. I wanted to make something unexpected and recently noticed a trend for micro bags.‘This is the first bag we have created as a brand, and I wanted it to reflect our goals as a company: to make things that are fun, timeless, quirky but easy and cool. The gingham is a colourway we had applied to one of my favourite dresses in our second collection, and I love it because it’s classic but fresh and the mini sizing is an interesting play with proportion.’Shop Alexa Chung’s first ever handbag from November 15 on Alexachung.com/amex and the 2nd December continue to support local businesses on 2017’s official Small Business Saturday.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by CalzedoniaParty season is looming, and you're going to be needing several evening outfits to don at your office Christmas party, New Years Eve, and everything in-between. The one trending accessory you need to work into every look? Ultra glam haute hosiery.Luckily, Calzedonia – the luxe Italian hosiery brand that celebrated its 30th anniversary last year - have come to the rescue with an array of standout tights for party season. Think shimmering designs, printed polka dots and over-the-knee styles - all of which are fitting for a fancy evening soiree.Calzedonia Glitter Tights, £16Classic styles are also on offer, like glossy black and rich jewel toned tights - both flattering with a number of night-time dresses and racy thigh high boots. They've even whipped up clever-working thermal styles which are perfect for winter, so there's no longer a need to hide your suave outfit under a heavy coat.Or after something a little more daring? Try Calzedonia's crystal embellished fishnet tights for a disco-ready look (yes - we're taking it way back to the '80s). Wear them with a LBD and heels to make a bold fashion statement.Can't decide which hosiery pattern to go for? Have a scroll through our gallery below to see the full range of glamorous Calzedonia looks on offer, and remember: whatever style you decide to go with, turn up the glam and get your dancing shoes on!Calzedonia commercial2of3Calzedonia is available in eight London stores, with new stores in Brighton and Bluewater. Shop the full collection, including shaping and thermal tights available in sizes S-M-L, here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you think of Next, their cult catalogue not necessarily their trend-leading potential probably comes to mind first. Ever since the high-street favourite launched its spin-off line Label/Mix, which collaborates with emerging designers like Rejina Pyo and Teatum Jones, our understanding of Next has changed. It's not just this new range that’s manoeuvring the friendly-priced store into a new sphere for us for their mainline has been slyly selling some absolute gems. For £24 - that’s less than what we spend on Pret in a week - there’s a pair of corduroy trousers that will step up your on- and off-duty wardrobe. And, don’t get us started on those kitten heels that have Christmas party season written all over them. Brace yourself for these 11 pieces will have you fretfully reconsidering which is your favourite high-street shop…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Foot Locker.She pushes boundaries in her music and athleisure style, and now, singer-songwriter Dua Lipa has teamed up with Foot Locker to hand-pick a collection of shoes that are reflective of her personal, sporty chic style.The collection features some of Dua’s favourite standout styles which are available exclusively at Foot Locker. In the mix, you can expect to see the Puma Tsugi Embroidery, the adidas Superstar Fur, the Vans SK8-Hi Sherpa, the Vans Old Skool Platform Sherpa and the Nike TN in a bold pastel pink and vintage green colourway.Clearly, Dua's a big fan of trainers, and we can understand why. As a comfortable, yet fashion-forward choice of footwear, you can wear trainers in a number of different ways. Rock a slick pair to amp up a casual outfit, or opt for a more parred-back style to complement a sporty ensemble.Touching on her inspiration, Dua said: “I am so inspired by the environment around me, and I find that the cities I perform in really shape what I’ll wear on stage that night. In London I am constantly finding inspiration for my music through the street art and the gritty urban landscape. To be honest, Foot Locker has my back when it comes to streetwear and sneakers.”Watch Dua Lipa speaking about her collaboration with Foot Locker, below:Shop the full Dua Lipa for Foot Locker collection here. #ApprovedForHer #FootLockerEU© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though some brands are making leaps and bounds in this arena, it’s still extremely rare to see mainstream fashion trend worn on the catwalk by women of all sizes. And, if they are it’s likely by just a handful of models. Outside of that the high street has been forced to pick up the slack, and even then they aren’t the most welcoming to women with wobbly bits and bums.We’re nearly twenty years into this current millennia, and it’s ridiculous that this is as far as we’ve come. To blow the lid on what trends look like when they aren’t photographed on the slimmest and tallest of women we’ve recruited influencers Felicity Hayward and Daisy Keens (of @pieandfash fame) to see how this season’s trickiest trends work on women regardless of how curvaceous or svelte they are.This week we’re tackling coats. We live in a cold climate, and you’d be a fool not to invest in outerwear that’s as warm as it is attractive. On the runways of Celine, Acne and Burberry we’ve seen gorgeous jackets, but the question is how do they fit a woman who isn’t built like a Hadid? Narrowing down the trends to just four, we’re taking a look at how they size up on women with relatable bods to show that the truth is you can wear whatever the heck you wantASOS, Premium Leather Biker Jacket in Reverse Shearling, £266; Anna Scholz, Suede Fur Trim Coat, £995; Anna Scholz, Knit Keyhole Roll Neck Jumper, £89; V by Very, Curve Pencil Skirt, £12; V by Very, Charm Oriental Embellished Mule, £24Cuddly like a teddy, fierce like a bear, these wonderfully woolly coats make an easy statement. Felicity showcases the allure of the seventies with an afghan coat that Penny Lane would approve of, while Daisy makes a case for white for winter in a shearling biker jacket.ASOS, Longline Puffer Coat, £65; Public Desire, Harlee Metallic Pointed Toe Ankle Boots in Silver, £39.99; ASOS, Denim Low Rise Pelmet Skirt in Freesia Mid Stonewash with Raw Hem, £25; ASOS CURVE, Longline Puffer Coat, £65; ASOS CURVE, Bandeau Jersey Jumpsuit with Wide Leg, £20Plumping for a Puffa jacket is a wise move as this trend shows no signs of waning. At Chanel and Coach, Sella McCartney and Alturuza the duvet day got its moment in the spotlight. These metallic ASOS coats feel as warm as a sleeping bag but as light as a feather. Dreamy.(Similar) Jack Wills, Atwoodley Cocoon Coat, £198; Daisy Street, Wide Leg Joggers With Velvet Draw Cord & Seams, £13, ASOS; Misguided, Plus Size Boyfriend V Neck T Shirt White, £8; River Island, Plus Black Tapered Trousers, £36; Public Desire, Harlee Metallic Pointed Toe Ankle Boots in Silver, £39.99;Adulating semaphores tripped down the runways at Mulberry and Nina Ricci to clearly show that smart tailoring is going nowhere fast. Felicity’s peacoat makes a nice nautical nod(Similar) Alpha Industries, Reversible Camo Nylon Bomber Jacket, £189, Luisa Via Roma;  ASOS, Denim Low Rise Pelmet Skirt in Freesia Mid Stonewash with Raw Hem, £25; River Island, Plus Black Faux Leather Aviator Jacket, £90; Topshop, Hex Boots, £20; Anna Scholz, Knit Dress Victoriana, £125Go the extra mile on a night out with a coat that concludes the outfit. Don’t overlook the delights of a camo bomber or a flight jacket as it will add depth to you going out-out look. Plus, it will make sure you won’t catch the death of cold.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gird your credit card, hoard Party Feet and whip out the sequins because Christmas party season is coming. While you can almost certainly find a little black dress that’s been hiding in the back of your closet that will just about do for your office party, do you have a bag you can say the same about? Most of us (wisely) spend our hard-earned money on handbags that will see us through the working week, which means they are capacious and probably a little more tired than we’d like to admit. If you have to pick between an outfit and an accessory this season, a new going out bag might be the wiser option. Firstly, it will ensure your ensemble instantly reads party-ready and secondly it’s far more affordable (once you’ve calculated the cost-per-wear) than a new dress. Miniature minaudières and beaded bags are an obvious choice, but without straps, they aren’t ideal for an evening of dancing. If you’re opposed to the clutch than look no further than Topshop where their cross-body selection is hard to walk away from. Take a look for yourself…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by River Island.Having only broken into the music industry a few years ago, Zak Abel is still rather new to the scene. But, that hasn't stopped him from racking up an impressive fan base, releasing several successful singles, collaborating with the likes of Gorgon City and Avicii, and appearing on the I AM Zak Abel show with River Island on 4Music. Not bad for a 22-year-old Londonder.Sitting in his dressing room in a studio in Camden, Zak tells me that growing up, he was inspired by the likes of Michael Jackson and Paolo Nutini - the latter of whom 'has such an amazing rawness to his voice, and a real honesty about his music.' As for his love of Jackson, who was known for his eccentric yet polished style, it 'was just something about his voice and the way that he bought musical styles in from all around the world. He wore very outlandish clothes, and I think that definitely played a part in how he was perceived as a huge popstar both to me and to the world.'Less outlandish, but equally as confident when it comes to his personal fashion tastes, Zak describes his style as 'street' - think camo pants, comfy sweatshirts and a heap of colourful hoodies. He tells me: 'I'm really into Japanese fashion and colour blocking. I always tend to colour match my clothes, so if I'm wearing blue trainers I'll probably want a bit of blue on my t-shirt. There’s no reason for it, but I just always do that - if I don’t, it just feels a bit wrong.' He points to his completely colour-coordinated outfit (a smart printed shirt, grey trousers and slick black trainers) at this moment in time, showing me that yep, he's definitely fashion conscious and yep, he does know how to dress well, especially when it comes to occasion-wear.But this wasn't always the case: 'When I wasn’t really that interested in fashion at the start of my career, I just used to wear jeans and a t-shirt while performing,' Zak says. 'And then I thought "why not start to get a little more creative?". I tried to see my style as something I could experiment with. After all, it's important for people to see you on stage and it look like you've made an effort.'Zak's style has definitely evolved since he started his music career. If you went along to one of his gigs now, you'd probably see him donning a bright 'orange pair of Marahishi camo trousers', or some 'Kikoy trousers from Kenya'. He tells me that 'some people might feel a little bit awkward wearing them, but I think it’s quite important for me to get out of my comfort zone and learn to feel more relaxed in all situations.' While he doesn't consider himself as someone who pushes 'boundaries fashion-wise to other people', he does try to push his boundaries personally, be that with a colourful top or printed bottoms. However, he does admit to us: 'when I’m at home lazing around, I’m an underwear man.' And one look at his Instagram confirms this (I took one for the team and checked for you - several times, in fact).As for his suave, trademark hair? Well, it's modelled on the quiffs once flaunted by big-name, tuxedo-wearing stars like Elvis and Marlon Brando, and styling it has become an important part of Zak's daily morning routine. 'It takes me about half an hour [to do my hair]. It's my way of letting myself know that I’m going to give it my all for the day. It's like a ritual, in the same way that a navy seal would make their bed.' And this ritual is especially important when it comes to getting into the creative headspace to write a song. Such a task requires primed-to-perfection hair, 'tunnel vision' and a real sense of focus, which Zak admits can be jeopardized if he's 'on Instagram - so [he puts his] mobile on airplane mode when writing.'Although Zak's personal style hasn't had any influence on his soulful music, he believes that the two are intertwined: 'I think your style does stem from the music you're listening to and the clothes the artists are wearing. For example, Paul Garred from The Kooks told me that the band wore straw hats [for a certain period], and then it suddenly became a thing. So, I think that in society we are very, very influenced by music.'In fact, Zak thinks that his own taste in music may have influenced his taste in fashion. 'About two years ago, I got really into highlife music, which is African music from the late '60s/early '70s. After that, I kind of toyed with the idea of wearing African trousers. So, I looked up a load of trousers on Pinterest - in the end, I didn’t go with any of them, but in doing that research I found a load of other cool clothing. So, I suppose me toying with the idea of using African music in my own music led me to somewhere else, fashion-wise.' Wonder which fashion journey he'll embark on next?Be just as bold with your fashion choices by shopping the new autumn/winter collection at River Island. Plus, to be in the chance of winning a £1,000 voucher from River Island, enter our competition here!Keen to look on-trend and individual this AW/17, but not sure how? Send your styling questions into theteam@thedebrief.co.uk and it might get answered during our Instagram stories with The Debrief's Fashion & Beauty Editor Lucy and River Island on 27th November 2017. Be sure to tune in!Like This? You May Be Interested In:15 Cardigans That Prove It's The Comeback Knit Of 201713 Designer Handbag Dupes And Where To Get Them5 Styling Tricks We Learnt From People We Saw At NYFWFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As this is the year Trump took office and the wheels of Brexit started turning you would think it would be hard to surprise us. But, hey, we’re putting our hands in the air and saying ‘we’re wrong’ for we are totally flabbergasted to see just how many designers are predicting bum bags to be the IT accessory of next season. Following in the footsteps of dad caps and velour trackies, this polarising trend is infiltrating the market. Once a fashion joke, the humble zip-up bag got a designer makeover courtesy of Gucci, Supreme and Balenciaga.In a certain enclave of East London a handful of overtly hip Instagrammer’s have been wearing this burgeoning trend for a while now. But, it just never seemed like something that would catch on. For goodness' sake, the name alone (fanny pack or bum bag, you take your pick) is totally ludicrous. It’s explicit without being raunchy, it sounds like something you would be embarrassed to say aloud. However, that won’t stop this trend spreading like wildfire.The new way to wear this bag is swung cross body and under the arm. But, if (like me) bossoms get in the way of this looking slick then it’s now acceptable to strap it up tight at the waist. This option has the advantage of creating an hourglass silhouette. However, there is the other possibility of wearing it like tourists have done for yonks i.e. low-slung and at the waist. Scroll for a little inspiration…Sure, Vashtie’s low-slung Prada bag ain’t cheap, but who said looking this good was affordable?Louche tailoring is only improved by a discordant accessory, like a leather bum bag.This many colours and textures are sure to bring a smile to your face.Add a bike belt to anything and you get instant sass.A cheeky dash of 90s nostalgia courtesy of a thrifted piece can be the making of an outfit.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Constantly and aggressively, we’re sold the idea that London is the UK’s fashion epicentre, from the fetishisation of Fashion Week on Instagram to the countless brand names that nod towards the capital (despite being as authentically ‘London’ as a Leicester Square branch of Angus Steakhouse.) Where, then, does that leave the North of England?The idea of Northern style occupies an odd space in our collective imagination. It’s bucket hats, unibrowed Gallagher brothers and terraces filled with lads in immaculate sportswear; at the same time, it’s Gareth Pugh bringing his modern armour to the catwalk, or Raf Simons’ on-going infatuation with New Order record sleeves. It’s a constant source of inspiration for some of the world’s most talked-about designers (Virgil Abloh obsesses over the bold architecture of Manchester’s long-defunct Hacienda through his streetwear label, Off/White), but it’s also rich territory for misconception, stereotypes and even mockery - see every Daily Mail article ever filed from Ladies’ Day at Aintree races.New to Somerset House’s East Wing is North: Fashioning Identity, an exhibition dedicated to exploring and unpicking the ideas, myths and images that have come to define ‘Northern-ness.’ While its latest home is south of Watford, the show (curated by SHOWstudio’s Lou Stoppard and fashion academic Adam Murray) started out at the Open Eye Gallery in Liverpool. ‘It’s rare for a show to start outside of London and then to travel here,’ says Murray. ‘We were really keen that it began in the North as the first outcome.’ A new venue means more space:  Stoppard reckons there are ‘about 25 new works’ in this iteration, ‘some of which [they] really wanted to include last time.’ The idea germinated in the mid-to-late Noughties, when fashion editors clamoured to put Rochdale’s Agyness Deyn in front of ‘gritty’ industrial backdrops; in the context of garbled plans for a Northern Powerhouse and the Brexit referendum, it’s acquired a timely new resonance.North is not overly concerned with what people are wearing (or have worn) in Manchester, Liverpool, Newcastle and Sheffield: instead, as Stoppard puts it, the exhibition is ‘about the way the North of England has been communicated through select photographs, clothes, collections. What we’re particularly interested in is how something moves from being a real document to something that is employed almost as a set or a backdrop, to signify certain things to an audience.’ The mix of archive images, magazine editorials, art objects and yes, actual clothes, invites us to put fashion’s myth-making process under the microscope: how does a documentary photograph of a washing-lined street in say, ‘30s Salford turn up 70 years later in a Vogue spread, starring the aforementioned Agyness Deyn and (un)-imaginatively titled ‘Angel Of The North’?‘Jeremy Deller, who’s featured in North, said something to me during the research process that stuck with me,’ says Stoppard. ‘We were talking about whether he’s worried about stereotypes in his work, and he said, “I am, but stereotypes can be true,” and that phrase really stayed with me through the whole show.’ So, while Alice Hawkins’ The Liver Birds might seem at first glance to re-hash a particular Scouse stereotype – the hyper-glam woman, hair immaculate in rollers and designer clothes picked up at Cricket – its origins are actually far more interesting. The photo, published in LOVE magazine, echoes an older, documentary image from the ‘60s; the fact that Hawkins street cast her models in Merseyside further blurs that line between myth and real life (I like to think that the girls headed off to Seal Street with those professional-grade curly blows after their shoot wrapped up). ‘We’re not trying to say this is a conclusion and these are answers,’ says Murray. ‘What we’re doing is bringing things together that wouldn’t normally be placed that way – you wouldn’t normally get Mass Observation photos next to a very styled, constructed editorial fashion shoot.’Alice Hawkins is one of an array of female photographers whose work forms part of North, part of an attempt to redress the implicit gender bias in the way we think about the North. ‘Typically, when you see celebrations of Northern England, it does tend to be focused on men: well-dressed, music industry, white, heterosexual men,’ explains Stoppard. ‘And while this show definitely does acknowledge that, we wanted to tell other stories too: to include some amazing female photographers, and particularly their visions of other women.’Though the exhibition couldn’t be classed as a straightforward style retrospective, it still boasts major fashion credentials. Featuring work by of-the-moment Northern photographers Jamie Hawkesworth and Alistair Maclellan, as well as household names like Corinne Day and Glen Luchford, the contributor list reads like an industry who’s who – and, in the self-deprecating spirit of Northern understatement, the clothes themselves aren’t bad either. The standout pieces, though, are by two designers who’ve probably never disembarked from a Virgin Pendolino at Manchester Piccadilly station. Chicago-born Virgil Abloh is represented by his collaboration with Hacienda designer Ben Kelly, while the curators have also picked two pieces from Antwerp’s Raf Simons: a parka with a Peter Saville print from 2003, and a lantern bearing the distinct ‘FAC’ stamp, a prop from his most recent menswear show and a direct homage to Factory Records. It’s a fascinating paradox: that some of the most vital, relevant re-interpretations of Northern style are by international designers, for whom the North exists as a fiction. For Stoppard, ‘Raf is a really interesting example of someone who is obviously not British and not Northern, but has this long-standing obsession with Northern culture. I think it goes back to forms of experience: every creative person references the songs they heard when they were young, the people they wanted to be, the places they wanted to go to. I can see him as a boy imagining what Manchester was like, wanting to visit these clubs. There are many different versions of the North, and everyone has their own. It’s not always about lived experience, it can be about imagination.’Liked this? You might also be interested in:Meet 2017’s Answer To The Winter Party DressTopshop Makes Its Cubicles Non-Gender Neutral But Not Everyone's Happy5 Ways The Modeling Industry Enables Predators Follow Katie on Instagram @katierosseinsky This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What could be better than having a gorgeous new pair of shoes arriving on your doorstep every week for an entire year? For $41,177, that dream could be a reality: Net-a-Porter has us aiming high this Christmas with its recently launched ‘fantasy gifts’. Strictly, it must be said, for those of us for whom money is in good supply. Shoe fanatics can, with the help of a personal shopper, pick out a dream pair of shoes each week. Now, that’s a lot of shoes. However bad your week’s been, there’s nothing like a pair of impending Gucci loafers to lift one’s spirits.If you’re more of a bag lady, there’s something in store for you as well: at $54,256, Net-a-Porter’s handbag subscription will ensure you have a sparkly new party clutch, office-appropriate tote or other piece of tasty ‘arm candy’ arriving every month.But if you really want to look the whole ‘cat’s pajamas’ next year then consider this - at $90,000, Net-a-Porter’s retail fashion director Lisa Aiken can help you build the perfect ‘IT Girl Wardrobe’. According to the purchase’s product details, ‘The ultimate NET-A-PORTER experience, you or a loved one will have the opportunity to build an 'It Girl' wardrobe and learn insider styling tips from the top. We'll treat you to business class travel to come and meet with Lisa herself and one of our stylists, and put you up in a five star hotel for the night’.As well as choosing from the best the site has to offer, you’ll also have a head start on next season pre-orders. We just have to go and win the lottery, now. Compile your Holiday wishlist at Net-a-Porter. READ MORE: Our Style Editor's Lust List: 23 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, ProntoREAD MORE: ASOS Has Launched A ‘Try Before You Buy’ Service, Making Online Shopping Easier Than Ever© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Each year Claridge’s famously shows off a Christmas tree as imagined by a different designer – a tradition that started in 2009 with John Galliano for Dior. Since then Alber Elbaz (Lanvin), Kally Ellis (McQueens), Dolce & Gabbana and Christopher Bailey of Burberry have all lent their own vision. Last year, in a departure from the usual fashion names, Apple's Jony Ive and Marc Newson created an installation of glowing light boxes filled with images of snow-covered silver birch trees set against a pure white floor.This year the responsibility falls on Karl Lagerfield, who has commented that ‘Christmas trees are the strongest ‘souvenir’ of my happy childhood’. As the creative director of both Chanel and Fendi (as well as his own-name label), we have high hopes for this year’s display, which is due to be unveiled on November 22nd. If his catwalk shows are anything to go by (he’s staged everything from faux street protests to an enormous revolving globe and a set made from real icebergs), his tree ought be a showstopper. READ MORE: Diptyque Has Released A Unicorn Christmas Candle And We Want ItREAD MORE: You Can Now Actually Have Breakfast At Tiffany's© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...She’s been called an It girl, a supermodel, a fashion icon, a British phenomena but the one place Kate Moss has not seen her dues is the world of the screen. Over the years Moss has racked up a whopping 70 IMDB credits! This daughter of a barmaid and a travel agent AKA Croydon’s most famous export has silently and slyly been banking screen time. And, it’s not like her turns in film and TV hasn't been brilliant and varied. One minute she’s Little Britain’s second favourite (conspicuously snobbish rendition of a) chav, the next she’s Maid Marian in Black Adder. For goodness sakes, this girl is a natural comedian. She’s got comic timing oozing from her (immaculate) pores and she can balances hubris with pathos with the best of them. Tune the wireless to channel Moss because here are eight times the modelling legend proved had acting chops, comic prowess and ability to take the piss out of herself….Moss swapped the champagne lifestyle for a TV set to play an easily disgruntled Maid Marian's to Rowan Atkinson's Edmund.Who can forget the wonderfully morose Misery Bear who not even Mossy can cheer up? Now if the fact that she acted alongside a temperamental inanimate object isn't evidence of her skills, nothing will be.Proving she doesn't take herself too seriously Mossy played the archetypal CoverGirl for David Walliams' children's book adaptation.Iconic but also totally inappropriate in 2017. Moss played a 'total slag' while wearing an outfit that wouldn't look remotely off-key if it was being sold on Wavey Garms today.Who can forget the wonderfully morose Misery Bear who not even Mossy can cheer up? Now if the fact that she acted alongside a temperamental inanimate object isn't evidence of her skills, nothing will be.Ok, this barely shows off her acting chops, but when you consider how many music videos she's been in, it just highlights her diversity of talent. Need a little reminder? She's shaken her tailfeather for Johnny Cash's Delia's Gone and God's Gonna Cut You Down, Primal Scream's Kowalski and Some Velvet Morning, Elton John's Something About The Way You Look Tonight, Marianne Faithful's Sex with Strangers and The White Stripes's I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself.Move over Scarlet Moffatt, Moss is here and she has Monster Munch in hand.As the most recent airing of Moss the actress, this is one we all remember. And, not least because it was the saving grace of an abysmal film. To give credit where credit is due, Moss was a good sport as she toppled from a balcony and drowned in the Thames to get this marvellous shot.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Topshop made all of its changing rooms gender-neutral this summer, but will not confirm if they are going to upgrade their curtained changing cubicles with lockable, doored cubicles.Travis Alabanza, who identifies as transfeminine, was turned away from the changing rooms at the Topshop branch in Manchester, and was advised by retail assistants to use Topman’s changing rooms instead.  Travis pointed out on social media: ‘Who made you in charge of deciding who is woman enough to use your changing room? You just lost an easy sale and money’. They later told Buzzfeed that the manager had been called to deal with their request, and: 'I said, "I’m not going to be safe down there. What do you want me to do?" and they just kind of shrugged.'Travis has now received a response from Topshop, reading: ‘The Topshop and Topman fitting rooms are available for all customers to use,’ reports The Telegraph. It looks, though, like staff didn’t get the memo.Topshop now joins the ranks of retailers like Urban Outfitters and COS, where customers already make use of single-cubicle unisex changing rooms. And it’s a great move - why should retail assistants, tasked with folding piles of clothes and making sure no-one’s nicking anything, have to be given the mantle of ‘gender arbiter’ as well? Why should customers have to feel unsafe in changing rooms?However, there is already kickback from some customers, who are taking to social media to complain about this progression.The thing is, apropos of the trans bathroom ban in South Carolina, which saw people required to use the bathroom correlating with the sex on their birth certificate, even if they presented differently, gender-wise, people do get easily scared by the concept of trans and gender-nonconforming people’s entry into certain spaces. Some are adamant that women should be women, and men should be men, and that people who blur gender binaries are sick, or wrong.Others are perfectly happy with those who are gender-nonconforming, and want them to have safe spaces, but are concerned that women-only spaces, such as refuges, shared changing rooms and toilets, are places where women deserve to be safe from men. The worry from this group is: what will stop dangerous men from hijacking gender-neutral spaces in order to access women they wouldn't otherwise have access to?But Topshop isn’t a refuge or a place where people go to somehow enrich themselves. It’s a shop where people part with money to buy clothes.Hey @Topshop just experienced transphobia in your Manchester store. Not letting me use the changing room I decide is shit, sort it out.Yet, with the introduction of the gender-neutral cubicle will be the inevitable loss of the informal tradition whereby half-dressed girls, shopping together for the day, meet in the communal area of the changing rooms to ask each other advice, or swap clothes to try. Perhaps people who’ve spent most of their lives guided towards exclusively ‘male’ changing rooms, where it's doubtful much 'does my bum look big in this' happens, might not realise what’s lost when that camaraderie goes. Some might say, though, that whichever straight girl first decided to plonk her boyfriend in the communal area was the first person to begin the end of this habit. And besides, if people want to share what they look like in an outfit with someone else, don't they use their phones these days?The clincher, though, is safety. Everyone's safety. There's a reason why Travis felt the Topman changing rooms might be unsafe, and it's the same reason women in unisex changing areas might feel unsafe.Violent men need to be stopped wherever they are - and security guards working in retail spaces must be trained to be alert and intolerant to them - but if the cubicles have lockable, ceiling to floor doors, and are escorted to the door by retail assistants, like at COS or Urban Outfitters, there shouldn't be a problem. But when The Debrief asked Topshop for comment as to whether their changing rooms will provide customers more than a curtain to separate them from strangers, regardless of their gender identity, the company responded to say: 'all TOPSHOP TOPMAN customers are free to use any of the fitting rooms located within our stores. This policy has been in place for some time. We are not able to comment any further at this stage.'Something tells us they're going to have to say something pretty soon.You might also be interested in:We're Giving Three Cheers For Gender Neutral CosmeticsWoman Raises Cat As Gender NeutralThe Gender Recognition Act: Your Need To KnowFollow Sophie on Twitter @sophwilkinsonThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As far as the modelling world is concerned, Edie Campbell has had a successful career. She’s walked for Marc Jacobs, Louis Vuitton and Burberry Prorsum, starred in campaigns for Lanvin and Yves Saint Laurent and nabbed a slew of magazine covers, including countless Vogues, W Magazine and i-D. Today the 27-year-old Brit has done something genuinely admirable as she has used her position of privilege to shine a light on rampant sexual assault and predatory behaviour within the industry.Writing an open letter for Women’s Wear Daily - the fashion industry’s newspaper of record - Campbell clearly lays out the five areas where the support for models falls short and leaves them open to untethered abuse. Though she makes it clear this is something she hasn’t experienced first-hand, she realises there is a problem with the culture and rituals of modelling.In the wake of photographer Terry Richardson being blacklisted from major magazine publisher Condé Nast and brands like Valentino and Bulgari, the model said she felt compelled to explain this a problem bigger than a single perpetrator.First, she clarifies that is a genderless issue, that those abused in her line of work are more likely to be male models and yet their stories are most likely to go unreported. 'The language doesn’t exist, and the conversation is currently weighted heavily in support of young female victims. The shame felt is probably greater as there is a stigma involved. The abuse can be perceived as emasculating, and then there is the delicate subject of homophobia.’ She writes.Behaviour, Campbell perceives, is one of the cornerstones that let abuse manifest. ‘This can be the ritual humiliation of models, belittling of assistants, power plays and screaming fits. We have come to see this as simply a part of the job. Although we may not all, as individuals, have actively contributed to this culture, every time we turn a blind eye, our silence perpetuates that culture.’As a model is paid to undress in front of people the distinction between professional and personal is blurred. This informal environment makes it harder, Campbell says, for people to draw a line between what’s acceptable and inappropriate. She explains, ‘Pranks, sexually explicit jokes, suggestive comments — these all slide under the radar in a “fun” and “creative” industry like fashion. Please note the irony of tone.’‘[F]ashion hates boring or uncool people’, Campbell adds before asking for her industry to reassess the meaning of ‘uncool’. This is especially needed when models are barely 15 and are asked to ‘strip naked’ or be risk being called ‘prudish’.The allure of the ‘diva’ is another fundamental problem in fashion. Extrapolating, she writes, ‘The problem with fashion’s celebration of extreme behaviour is that it becomes a game of one-upmanship, with no one ever calling out: “Too far!”’Similarly, Campbell wants the concept of the ‘artist-genius’ to be reconsidered. She says this title allows you to ‘behave in any way you see fit, and you inspire total fear and devotion from your followers. If you are creative, and if your work is good, you will be forgiven anything. You are given carte blanche to express that creativity, whatever your means of expression may be. And if that creativity only flows after midnight, and if it only responds to semi-nude young men or women, then so be it.’At the centre of the problem is the fact that models are coerced into an ‘unspoken contract’. ‘[W]e surrender our bodies and our faces to the photographer, stylist, hairdresser and makeup artist. We relinquish ownership of ourselves. To state the obvious: We sell our desirability. That is the job description — be as desirable as possible.’ Campbell eloquently writes. When financial stability is dependent on others providing, as she calls it, ‘a duty of care’ then the industry needs to reevaluate its codes of conduct.Before asking for a ‘period of reflection’, she skewers the one person who is meant to be a model’s care-taker, the agent. ’It comes down to responsibility, and this falls to agents to do their job. Some of them are, but many aren’t. They are responsible for the physical and mental wellbeing of the models they represent. Don’t sell your model out to protect your relationship with a photographer or stylist. When a model comes to you, listen. Lastly, there should be no tolerance of abuse. Isolated incidents are often not isolated. Question your working practice. Question the situations that have been normalized.’Campbell found herself embroiled in a public face-off with the Instagram account @diet_prada who are self-appointed industry invigilators (or vigilantes, depending on where you’re sitting). Previously Tony Liu and Lindsey Schuyler who run the social media juggernaut took aim at Richardson and created an international storm that led to the current boycott. Campbell then commented on one of their posts that the reporters were too narrow in how they covered the photographer’s misdeeds. To which, the Instagrammers made a valid point that Campbell has the power to make the news and that if she led the charge, then journalists would cover it. So here we are, Campbell has done just that.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you haven’t already noticed, one shoe in particular seems to be gracing the foot of many a celebrity at the moment: Stuart Weitzman’s Clinger Bootie. Available in black suede, black satin and flash white, these pointed beauties are somewhat omnipresent, livening up outfits all over the place.Gigi Hadid became the face of Stuart Weitzman last year and returned again this year – she’s been photographed in her Clinger booties too many times to count.Bella Hadid is also a fan, dressing them down with with frayed jeans and a biker jacket.Selena Gomez has been practically living in her Clingers lately, coordinating them here with a fresh white t shirt and double denim. Cindy Crawford's genetically gifted daughter Kaia wears her booties with a grungy tank top and pale denim.Kendall Jenner is often pictured in her Clingers, also favouring the white colourway. Emily Ratajkowski has casually thrown on her black boots with this emerald green velvet two-piecer.If you want to join the fashion pack, a pair of Clinger Booties will set you back $575 from Stuartweitzman.com.READ MORE: The Theme For The Met Gala 2018: RevealedREAD MORE: The Marks And Spencer Constellation Print Dress Is Finally Back In Stock© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Next year’s Met Gala will take inspiration from the often uneasy relationship between fashion and religion, with the theme for 2018’s event – and for the Costume Institute’s major annual exhibition – newly announced as ‘Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination.’According to Vogue, the exhibition itself is ‘designed to create a dialogue between fashion and the masterworks of religious art in the museum’s holdings,’ and will stretch across three locations (a trinity, if you will): the Anna Wintour Costume Centre, the Met’s medieval galleries and the Cloisters, which are found further uptown.The 150 or so ensembles set to go on display include pieces by the likes of Cristobal Balenciaga, Coco Chanel and John Galliano, all of which will highlight the long-standing (if not immediately obvious) influence that religious iconography, art and vestments has exerted upon the fashion world. Also on loan (from the Sistine Chapel, no less) are some papal garments that have never yet been seen outside the Vatican.Vogue reports that Costume Institute curator Andrew Bolton aims to place these garments within ‘the broader context of religious artistic production’ in this exhibition, and to reveal how ‘material Christianity’ has informed ‘the Catholic imagination.’The Gala itself will take place as ever on the first Monday in May, which will fall on the 7th of the month in 2018. Sharing hosting duties with Anna Wintour is a triumvirate of brilliant women: Amal Clooney, Rihanna and Donatella Versace (who, along with Christine and Stephen A. Schwarzman, is also a sponsor of the ‘Heavenly Bodies’ show). Last year’s event was a tribute to the avant garde art of Japanese fashion designer Rei Kawakubo, co-hosted by Katy Perry, Pharrell Williams, Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady, while the 2016 gala took the theme ‘Manus Ex Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology.’All that remains is to speculate how the Met’s high profile guests will interpret this particular dress code come May 8th: we predict that Dolce & Gabbana will prove a very popular choiceWATCH NOW: Amal Clooney's Best LooksREAD MORE: Every Single Met Gala Theme From 1971 To 2017READ MORE: Met Gala: The Best Dressed From The Last DecadeCredit: GettyThe woman of the evening, Anna Wintour, arrived to the prestigious event in a sequin gown by Chanel.Met Gala 2017 Best Dressed - Grazia2of34The woman of the evening, Anna Wintour, arrived to the prestigious event in a sequin gown by Chanel.Gisele Bündchen was one of the first to arrive on the red carpet alongside her husband and fellow Gala host, Tom Brady. The supermodel opted for a cut-out gown by Stella McCartney.Pharell Williams and wife Helen Lasichanh paid homage to the theme and both donned Comme Des Garçons.Clare Danes dressed down in comparison to last year's light-up gown. This time, the actress opted for a ruffled, de-constructed shirt and flared trousers by Monse.Anna Wintour's daughter, Bee Shaffer, donned a floral gown by Alexander McQueen.Katy Perry undoubtedly steals the media spotlight in a Maison Margiela gown and veil.Model Aymeline Valade gave us major outfit envy on the red carpet after opting for a cobalt two-piece by Marni.Kylie Jenner opted for a nude embellished gown by Versace. Selena Gomez and boyfriend The Weeknd make their red carpet debut together at the Met Gala 2017. Selena wore a custom-made Coach gown by Stuart Vevers. Selena Gomez opted for a pink Coach gown for the fashion ceremony.Emma Roberts is a girl after our own hearts after channelling old Hollywood glamour. The actress just proved red and pink is spring/summer '17's greatest trend. Lily Collins wins hands down for taking the theme seriously. The actress paid sartorial homage to Rei Kawakubo with a blunt bob and tulle gown.Girl of the moment, Sofia Richie, opted for a metallic gown by Topshop. The 18-year-old finished the look with jewellery by Messika and a biker jacket draped across her shoulders.Fashion's favourite twins did not disappoint. The sisters opted for a vintage take on the theme and donned layers of vintage jewellery, lace and embroidery. All throughout the night, 'Where is Rihanna?' has been trending. We think it's pretty clear who won the award for best dressed. The singer opted for a Comme des Garçons dress and custom-made sandals by DSquared2.Cara Delevingne donned head-to-toe metallic silver, quite literally. The model-turned-actress opted for an embellished two-piece suit by Chanel. Solange Knowles treated the theme with sartorial precision and opted for a quilted jacket by Thom Browne. Emily Ratajkowski opted for a a sequinned gown and low pony.Zendaya opted for a cold-shoulder gown by Dolce and Gabbana. She finished the look with a coral lip.Blake Lively proved she's a pro when it comes to the red carpet as she opted for a gold dress by Atelier Versace. Perhaps aware that her ex-boyfriend The Weeknd had brought Selena Gomez to the event, Bella Hadid stepped it up a notch in an Alexander Wang bodysuit.Diane Kruger opted for a Prada gown finished with Bulgari jewellery.Gigi Hadid opted for a floor-skimming gown by Tommy Hilfiger for the fashion ceremony. She was not joined by boyfriend Zayn Malik after he was spotted in a wheelchair yesterday.Hailey Baldwin chose a sweet tulle two-piece by Carolina Herrera. The model finished the look with a Swarovski studded veil custom made by Gigi Burris Millinery. Zoë Kravitz channelled the Comme des Garçons aesthetic in a millenial pink Oscar de la Renta gown featuring origami-style pleats.Maggie Gyllenhaal donned one of the biggest trends of spring/summer '17, the 'drouser'. The actress opted for a floral print by Marni finished with a bold lip.Ruby Rose chose a scallop-effect dress with a sweetheart neckline by Burberry for the prestigious night.Brie Larson wore a Chanel gold embellished silk organza top and skirt with feather detailing.Lena Dunham wore an extreme oversized Elizabeth Kennedy gown with one shoulder and full skirt.Lily Rose Depp looked ever so pretty in a magenta Chanel gown with floral embellishment. Madonna took to the red carpet in a camo Moschino gown.Chrissy Teigen wowed in a black-and-white floral and embroidered lace gown with semi-sheer train by Marchesa. Kim Kardashian kept it simple in a white off-shoulder Vivienne Westwood gown.Amy Schumer rocked a black leather-look dress with sweetheart neckline and floral sleeve detailing by Zac Posen.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A storm is brewing down under as Australian influencers have been found out to be touting fake designer goods as if they are real. Sacrilege!In mid-November, an Instagram account called ‘Borrow My Balmain’ started getting traction. With 10.6K followers, it describes itself as ‘Australia's leading rental for high-end labels off the runway’. It appeared to show luxury clothing and accessories from the likes of Dior, Gucci and Dolce & Gabbana that could be rented from their Melbourne showroom, by email or even DM. Micro-influencers like Aussie model Steph Claire Smith and singer-actress Natalie Bassingthwaighte were some of the many that affiliated themselves with the company. The latter even wrote a blog post extolling its virtues: ‘I came across 'Borrow my Balmain' on Instagram which is a high-end luxury rental platform. Think, Gucci, Valentino, Dior, you name it. I wore a super hot Balmain dress as seen below and more recently a Gucci dress straight off the runway!’Some, notably Harper’s Bazaar, were quick to question the legitimacy of Borrow My Balmain. How could a company that sprung up from nowhere afford to invest in runway items that cost tens of thousands of pounds? And, what business model allowed them to loan out such high-value items via Instagram’s direct messaging?The sleuths at cult social media account @diet_prada did some digging, and it didn’t take long to show that some of the pieces they’ve been touting are fakes. To be fair, they aren't even good replicas at that. Borrow My Balmain have acknowledged and attempted to bat away the allegations suggesting that this is a one-time incident.The brand took to Insta to write: ‘We have a close relationship with a well-known stylist (who we won’t name yet for legal reasons) who a few of our pieces were purchased from and we were obviously under the impression were authentic and have now come to the relation were in fact replicas.’ They continued to add that any accusation that more than this single item is fake is ‘absolute defamation’ and they have ‘receipts’ to prove they’ve purchased authentic items from trusted retailers.For a company touting designer goods, you’d think, née hope that they would have more rigorous quality and provenance checks. And, you’d hope that an influencer would be more considered before they use their clout.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if your hands are freezing, oh wait don’t because that would mean prying them out of your coats pockets. Now we’re nearing single digit temperatures with it only going to get colder, it’s time to start thinking and dressing practically. This means upgrading your outerwear by saying, ‘see-ya’ to that denim jacket for another year and welcoming back the big ol’ winter coat into your life. Next step is to add a hat, earmuffs might be your bag, but I'm more a beret or a baker boy cap girl myself. And, then the pièce de résistance is the gloves. If you buy a pair of woolly hand warmers now, you’ll be set for the season, but my advice is don't spend a lot as the chances are you’ll lose one and be left with one orphaned glove before winter is out. When it comes to picking the style, I suggest going for something simple and coloured to match your cold-weather coat. A basic knitted pair look far chicer with a bracelet or cuff layered over. Experiment and see for yourself…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The country is waiting with bated breath for the Royal Family to announce Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s engagement. Rumours have been circling for months that marriage is most definitely on the cards and that it’s just a matter of time before we can all start celebrating a Royal engagement.If you just can’t wait to see what style of wedding the happy couple will have then we have an expert prediction of what style of wedding cake will be featured in this upcoming Royal wedding.Marie Sinclair, designer at GC Couture, Purveyors of luxury cakes London, shares her predictions of what Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding cake could look and - more importantly - taste like.‘When it comes to the cake design, I think the happy couple will go for something stylish and elegant. Meghan’s dress sense is timeless, classic and understated and I see this sense of style coming through in her wedding day and therefore her wedding cake. I also believe she will give a nod to English tradition and opt for round white tiers adorned with a beautiful array of cascading flowers.’Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have come from two very different worlds - she’s a California born actress who has spent her time between LA and Vancouver and he is a British Prince who has had a very traditional Royal upbringing - but he also has a touch of fun and warmth to his personality. It would be wonderful to see these influences come together through in their wedding cake - perhaps a traditional fruitcake tier along with a simple vanilla sponge and perhaps even a red velvet tier with plenty of frosting - an American favourite!‘Here at GC Couture we have added a modern twist the the traditional fruitcake - the fruitcake without bits, so you get all the depth and flavour of a traditional fruitcake but with a smooth more sponge-like consistency. I think this would be a perfect choice for Prince Harry and Meghan - honouring tradition but with a contemporary twist.‘The wedding cake is no longer the only sweet treat served to guests at many weddings, indulgence bars have been a long popular wedding trend in the States and we think this is an American wedding tradition that Meghan is most definitely going to want to embrace.‘We’ve seen indulgence bars - or candy tables - increase in popularity in the UK over the past couple of years but if Prince Harry and Meghan Markle choose to have one at their wedding then they will definitely be a trend that sticks around for many years to come.‘I also predict that Prince Harry will follow in his brother’s footsteps and choose to have a groom’s cake. A groom’s cake is typically a fruitcake and is a British Victorian tradition but in recent times it is more popular in the States - making it a perfect choice for Prince Harry and Meghan’s big day. Prince William chose to go against the traditional fruitcake for his groom’s cake and instead opted for a chocolate fudge flavour. I think Prince Harry will be just as daring with his flavour choice and perhaps go for something a little more unique such as coconut and lime or strawberry and champagne.’One thing we know for certain is that no matter what cake the couple chooses it will kickstart a wedding trend that will be felt globally!Find out more about GC Couture by visiting their website or telephone 020 3633 1455 to book an appointment at their Mayfair showroom.WATCH: Everything you need to know about Meghan Markle, Prince Harry's fiance...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last night at the CFDA awards (AKA the fashion Oscars) body-posi spokesperson, model, muse and social media juggernaut Paloma Elsesser took a moment to school us in the art of colour blocking. Wearing an Adam Selman look from his upcoming spring/summer 2018 collection, she stood out as a symphony of tangerine charmeuse in a slip dress with a thigh-grazing slit and a matching gown.Egg yolky yellow the shade of Tango, Cheetos and Selman’s dress for Paloma was played out across the spring catwalks. It took centre stage at the Jeremy Scott, Diane Von Furstenberg, Tom Ford and Calvin Klein shows. While some looks were broken up with cut-outs or contrast-coloured zips, many were styled with a head-to-toe wash of this safety jacket shade. After a season of milky millennial pink, can we all agree this is a welcome change?It’s natural to approach this blindingly vibrant hue with caution, but as Paloma shows this is 100% ill-advised. Embrace the warmth and effervescence of this startling shade by letting it cocoon you. If you intend to wear a slip dress at any point this winter (hello NYE), then try your best to tonally match it to your jacket for an ‘I just woke up like this’ allure. By wearing her hair slicked back Paloma artfully turned down the heat and making what would otherwise be an OTT look (even for a red carpet event) seem somewhat low-key.  Add in flame-coloured shoes and a blusher that warms the face to match this fiery shade and you’re ready to take on the world. I bet you have half an idea of what we’re wearing to our office Christmas party now…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you’ve spent the equivalent of several months’ salary on a handbag, it would be reckless to take it out in bad weather. But, if the only way you’ve justified the purchase is by calculating its cost-per-wear it’s not like you can hide your prized purse in a cupboard for months on end. C’mon, we live in England, there’s as much chance that the climate could turn against us in August as there is during the dark days of December, so we’re constantly running the risk of destroying our cherished bags. This brings us neatly to the subject of today’s ridiculous (yet, actually really practical) item that will ensure your precious accessory stays in mint condition from Milan-based label Valextra or ValEXTRA as we're referring to them today.Rain, wind, hail and even a little damp in the air can play havoc with the maintenance of a fine leather, like that used on a Valextra handbag. With prices soaring from the hundreds into the thousands for a bag by this Milanese label they’ve only gone and created a plastic pouch to ensure your spenny purchase does not succumb to the elements.For the grand price of £115 you get a plastic pouch. Crafted to snuggly fit one of the label’s Iside bags, it’s being dubbed the ‘handbag raincoat’ but we're calling it a poncho for your purse. Acting like a cagoule or a windbreaker, it’s an extra barrier between the world and your possession.  And, that’s exactly what it is: extra. It’s 2017, the world is a melting pot of nefarious political characters getting their way, so why not say to the world ‘I’m high-maintenance and I don’t care who knows it’ with a £115 PVC topcoat for your tote.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a fashion editor, I spent a lot of my time browsing online shops, and I can tell you Pixie Market is one you should know about! If you like Zara, Topshop and & Other Stories but aren’t keen on spotting the jacket you just bought on the person opposite you on the bus then it’s worth checking out. The label started as a bricks-and-mortar store in NY before waking up to the digital revolution and swapping physical tills for ‘buy now’ buttons, which is wonderful us Brits who don’t live across the pond. It’s the shop I turn to when I want an architectural shirt dress that’s not too complicated to wear every day or a pair of jeans that are trendy but not made of 99% lycra and ripped to shreds. The label’s quality is far superior to a lot of online-only stores, and their vision isn’t derivative. Pixie Market offers a fresh perspective on accessibly-priced fashion. Right now the brand is doing a mean line in minimalist items and tailoring that’s cool and kooky enough to make you want to put the whole shop in your basket. But, luckily as most pieces come in at under £100 they will add zest to your wardrobe without bankrupting you in the process.  I've got my eye on the Polka Dot Valentina Bustier Shirt and Navy Button Pleated Mini Skirt, but other than that I sincerely doubt you'll see anyone this side of the Atlantic wearing Pixie Market. Get it now, before it goes mainstream!Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here at Grazia, we’ve had a bit of a girl crush on model Ashley Graham ever since she fronted our Big Fashion Issue for September 2016. Now, she’s confirmed what we already knew to be true: that Rixo London is the hottest brand on the internet at the moment.The 30-year-old model, who celebrated her birthday with the launch of a brand-new collection of her eponymous swimwear last week, was spotted wearing the brand’s Iris Dress with Tiger Moon Embroidery while en route to Game of Thrones’ star Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas’s engagement party. The kimono-style LBD features a chic but sexy wrap-around design with embroidery on one side. The need-to-know brand is the UK equivalent of cool-girl labels like Realisation Par and Reformation in the US, and is known for its stylish prints, including mini-stars, ‘abstract oriental’ and the sell-out Matisse print, a floral and paisley design. Worn by British influencers including Katherine Ormerod, Pandora Sykes and Laura Jackson, it’s been one of the breakout Insta-brands of the summer, with a pop-up shop in London’s Seven Dials cementing its popularity. Graham and Jonas have been friends ever since she appeared in his music video for DNCE’s ‘Toothbrush’ video. At the time, Jonas said that the band ‘only had one girl in mind’, before adding that ‘I just find Ashley Graham so beautiful’. But before Turner needs to be worried about her fiancé’s potentially wandering eye, the two confirmed that their chemistry was purely friendly, with Graham being married to her husband Justin Ervin for seven years.READ MORE: Ashley Graham Gets Candid About Her Family's Racism Towards Her HusbandREAD MORE: Ashley Graham: 'I Was Told Skinny Equals Success'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With Halloween and Bonfire Night behind us, it’s that time of year when our calendar is stacked full of invitations. From now until the 1st of January it’s a marathon of events from office drinks to reunions with old friends that require more razzmatazz than your bog-standard little black dress. We’re not complaining as any excuse to dress up is welcome in this current fashion climate of athleisure. Statement earrings and fish-net tights? Yes, please. High-heels and a ridiculously miniature crystal-studded bag? Hell yeah.While the chance to bring a sprig of sparkle to our after-dark wardrobe is welcome, ideally we’d like to find a do-it-all dress that can be whipped out without too much ironing and only requires a change of accessory for each occasion. With all the ingredients of a classic cocktail dress but the scene-stealing appeal of a souped-up LBD, the blazer dress is your answer to winter party dressing. For starters, it already has the blessing of Kim Kardashian and Gigi Hadid. Though it’s black (read: versatile) and long-sleeved (read: warm and practical) it’s anything but boring.Since Hilary Clinton put the spotlight on pants suits during her Presidential campaign, tailoring has been enjoying a womenswear revival. This season double-breasted blazers (teamed with jeans and a tee) have been enjoying the limelight, so it’s only natural for their post-watershed transformation to be a little more risqué. Say farewell to trousers and skirts because this winter you’ll want to embrace this powerful boss-of-the-boardroom image.When it comes to styling very little is required more than a pair of sneakers or mules and at a pinch a pair of fishnet tights. This is proof it’s never too early to start thinking about Christmas party dresses. Sit back, consult that calendar and scroll through these seven splendid examples of this winter’s keynote dress…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When was the last time you felt genuinely excited about wearing a bridesmaid dress? For me, it was 2002, and the ivory dress was from the now-defunct British Home Stores; so keen was I to wear it on the day that I willingly passed over custody of The Sims to my younger sister while getting dressed up for my duties. In case you hadn’t guessed, I was about 10 years old.Fast forward fifteen or so years, and bridesmaiding can all too often involve spending a long day decked out in a dress that, in real life, you’d steer well clear of – something you might grin and bear for the sake of a valued friendship, then consign to wardrobe oblivion. One brand that’s seeking to change this perception for the better is Les Heroïnes, the new ready-to-wear label for bridesmaids designed by stylist Vanessa Cocchiaro.‘The idea for Les Héroïnes started when a good friend asked me to be her bridesmaid,’ Vanessa explains. ‘The bride asked me what I wanted to wear, and I said a suit. I was quickly shut down, so I started thinking: “Is this such a ridiculous idea?” There must be other women out there who have a more contemporary view of dressing, and have had enough of the usual dresses that we have to choose from. Not everyone likes to wear dresses, so why force them to do so? I decided then and there I wanted to redefine the ideas around the bridal party.’Vanessa’s mission statement – to create pieces that are ‘modern, subtle and chic but most of all pieces that you can wear again’ – will come as (tasteful, wedding appropriate) music to the ears of anyone who has ever been faced with a distinctly ‘blah’ – or outright frumpy – dress in flammable materials, or spent the ceremony drowning in acres of pastel fabric. ‘I decided to start with a simple colour palette for the first collection,’ she explains. ‘White is a big trend for bridesmaids at the moment, and it looks good on everyone. As we grow, I’d like to develop more colours.’ The collection is designed to celebrate the mix and match approach, one that’s become a hallmark of modern bridesmaid dressing. ‘Each style is created in the same fabric and colour, so one bridesmaid can wear a dress and the others can wear a jumpsuit or a top and skirt,’ Vanessa tells us. Prices for the dresses and separates range from £140 up to £420.Her 11 years of fashion experience, in cities like London, Sydney, Milan and Paris, means that Vanessa has a stylist’s eye for shapes and cuts that feel both classic and contemporary. Her biggest influence, though, has been the friendships she’s forged with women around the world: ‘How my friends with different backgrounds, cultures, language, like to dress; which styles they find flattering for their hips, for their breasts. When exposed to diversity, you want to celebrate it,’ she says. ‘My aim for Les Héroines is to celebrate female friendship and women as they are, with their different personalities and body shapes.’The dresses and separates from Les Héroïnes’ debut drop are fluid and easy-to-wear, ranging from bias-cut slips (favourable comparisons with Kate Moss’s Galliano wedding dress spring to mind) to shorter dresses and jumpsuits with flared sleeves to a tailored suit jacket. It’s named ‘the Antoinetta’ after Vanessa’s mother, and is a sartorial tribute to her mother: ‘Her strength, work ethic and love for her family has shaped me into who I am today,’ she explains.Each piece is named after an influential woman: a ‘heroine.’ There’s the ‘Josephine’ for Jazz Age star Josephine Baker, a halter-style dress with detachable sleeves; the ‘Emmeline,’ a sleek wrap skirt named after the suffragette and the strapless ‘Simone’ dress in tribute to French feminist writer De Beauvoir. Who said bridesmaid dressing can’t be cerebral? ‘These philosophers, activists and journalists are true heroines to me, not fictional characters from a movie,’ Vanessa adds.Scroll through the brand’s Instagram account and you’ll see wedding candids from some of the first Les Heroïnes bridesmaids. For the designer, ‘knowing that women have included [the brand] in such a special moment of their lives, and that they will look back on photos in years to come, is a truly wonderful feeling.’Les Heroïnes launches online at the end of November. Lesheroines.comWATCH NOW: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsREAD MORE: Why I'm Having A Social Media Ban At My WeddingREAD MORE: The Wedding Dress Minefield© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Lyst and Business of Fashion have released their second quarterly Index, a report which ranks the hottest brands and most buzzed-about products in the fashion industry – and their findings are testament to the growing pull of streetwear.Balenciaga has climbed two places since the last quarter to take the top spot, making it the hottest brand of the third quarter of 2017 according to data analysed by BoF and search platform Lyst. The reason behind this jump in popularity, which has caused Gucci to drop into second position? As BoF points out, ‘a new logo and a Colette residency kept the brand top of mind, while Demna Gvasalia continues to design products that drive the fashion narrative online.’ With its click-baiting re-makes of staple styles like Ikea’s FRAKTA carrier bag, the brand has taken the hyper-modern, self-referential streetwear aesthetic of Vetements (the fashion collective of which Gvasalia is a founding member) and re-imagined it for a high fashion audience.While Gucci might have fallen into second place this quarter, there’s still plenty of cause for celebration at the storied fashion house, which is currently reaping considerable rewards from Alessandro Michele’s eclectic creative direction. A report last month showed that the brand was the biggest contributor to parent company Kering’s profits and revenues in the last quarter, and according to BoF, ‘Alessandro Michele and Marco Biarri’s partnership is the most consistent performer in the brand rankings to date.’The biggest leap, though, comes from Virgil Abloh’s streetwear label Off-White, which rose from 34th place last quarter up to third place, knocking Kanye West’s Yeezy from the top ten. This buzz has been generated in part by the brand’s sell-out collaboration with Nike, and its most recent S/S’18 show, which saw Abloh pay unexpected homage to the fashion legacy of Princess Diana. Other streetwear-infused labels featuring in the top 10 include Vetements, Stone Island, Moncler and Raf Simons, all of which show growing popularity with millennials and have been favoured by rap stars, adding mass appeal to their fashion klout.  Read more about Lyst and Business of Fashion’s latest Index at businessoffashion.comWATCH NOW: The Most Expensive Dresses In HistoryREAD MORE: Try On Alexa Chung's Shoes At The Ultimate Fashion Flea MarketREAD MORE: The World's First Wedding Department Store Has Opened In London© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Thus is the way of fashun that, every so often we stumble upon a trend that makes you think ‘lol. There is not a chance in hell that that ensemble would be worn in real life, but cool’. Kim Kardashian West a setter of such trends and oh the time I’ve spent wondering what it’d be like to have her wardrobe, have to walk in those heels every day and let Kanye West dress me a few times a week.One such KKW approved trend is the bike short. She resurrected those bad boys from the eighties and nineties about a year ago and low and behold, we spotted them on the catwalk this fashion season just past. But, pre-tell, can cycling shorts work on a body that isn’t descended from the Kardashians? And more importantly, how the fuck do you style it without having to invest in a V-neck buttoned up corset and fur sliders, a la Kim? Well, we gave it a go and funnily enough, it worked out.WATCH: Balayage Hair Colouring Tried And TestedWarehouse, Rainbow Mix Shape Earring, £12; ASOS, Sheer Crinkle Blouse With Poet Sleeves, £34; Boohoo, Cleo Sheer Mesh Knee Length Leggins, £5Believe it or not, this entire outfit is semi-see-though. Minus the sock boots of course. The netted cycling shorts are surprisingly comfortable and cover a lot more of your bum than one would anticipate netted cycling shorts to do. The baggy, sheer, pleated, puffy top is a welcome distraction from the dramatic of the shorts as there’s so much going on there as well. And, for the record, this is the only occasion I’ve ever been okay with dressing head to toe in pea green.Warehouse, Rainbow Mix Shape Earring, £12; Kitri, Verdy Poet Sleeve Shirt Dress, £85; http://www.boohoo.com/hannah-high-shine-cycling-shorts/DZZ39923.html ASOS, Pinata Platform Heels, £33.50The level of office appropriateness really depends on the type of office you work in, and while I personally wouldn’t rock up to work with all of my under-boob exposed, I’m super into this low key way of smartening up cycling shorts which are otherwise very plain and very casual. We’re all about the sleeve drama here.Warehouse, Rainbow Mix Shape Earring, £12; Finery, Alberta Shearling Peacoat, £749; Boohoo, Hannah High Shine Cycling Shorts, £6; ASOS, Kingship Heeled Over The Knee Boots, £50If someone told you they were going out in thigh high boots and cycling shorts, you’d be forgiven for being confused. But as soon as you through a too-cute-for-words faux fur coat into the mix, how could you not be sold? Also, probably one of the few ways that anyone with an active sense of temperature would be willing to leave the house in cycling shorts at this time of year.Finery, Belson Twirl Mis-Match Earring, £22; Rixo, Cindy Dress, £265; Boohoo, Cara Long Sleeve Bardot Crop Top, £8; ASOS, Disco Legging Shorts, £6;  Whistles, Koki Lizard Trainer, £120I hear from my exercise prone friends that cycling shorts are normally worn for actual cycling. Who’d have thought? If you’re that way inclined, an easy way to dial down the ‘I JUST WORKED OUT’ look might be to super causally throw on a beaut kimono. You know, to distract from the luminous Lycra.Finery, Belson Twirl Mis-Match Earring, £22; Rixo, Blossom Top, £185; ASOS, Tall Basic Leggings Shorts, £6; ASOS, Pinata Platform Heels, £33.50Welcome to the most surprisingly low-key of all the cycle short ensembles. I’m a big fan of the pretty wrap-around shirt that does wonders at giving you a waist and has just enough detail to direct attention to your fabulous top game. It’s almost like you’re wearing inconspicuous, less gross version of those city shorts that everyone insisted on wearing in the early 00s.Whistles, Dusty Zip Front Shearling, £995; Boohoo, Hannah High Shine Cycling Shorts, £6; Boohoo, Phoebe Lace Up Pointed Toe Shoe Boot, £35Have you ever seen a boot that screams Kardashian louder than these gems? The answer is no, my friends, not on the feet of anyone whose first name does not begin with a K. They’re surprisingly comfortable and with the pink fur jacket of dreams add the appropriate amount of drama to your already dramatic cycle short ensemble. Kim, is that you?Like this? You might also be interested in…A Definitive Timeline Of Kim Kardashian’s 10-Year Wardrobe Overhaul How To Wear Knee-High Boots This Season I Tried On Clothes From Kate Moss’ Favourite Shop Reserved Follow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A study has reported that most adults in the UK spend more time staring at a screen than asleep. If we put the obvious health concerns aside for a second, there is one simple solution for we could easily stop using our mobile phones as our primary way of telling the time. Swapping the screen for an attractive timepiece is not only a charming way to introduce a decorative statement to your everyday look but also endlessly practical.Though luxury watch adverts sell timepieces as if they’re heirlooms in the making, there’s no reason you can’t treat this investment like any other fashion accessory. Look for a piece that emphasises your aesthetic. If you’re adventurous with your clothes, consider a coloured or patterned design, however, if you lean towards classic shapes and muted shades then pick a beautifully understated metallic design. And, just because websites like to section designs by gender don’t be fooled into thinking that the men’s category is off limits. Whether it’s your first time-piece or a seasonal update, here are 18 styles that will ensure you’ll never be late again.Main image Daisy DixonLiked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by River Island.She was only 17 when Ed Sheeran invited her to support him on his music tour after she met him at a gig. Now, Nina Nesbitt is releasing her second album and racking up an impressive fan base in the process, and has even starred in the I AM Nina Nesbitt show with River Island on 4Music.Having grown 'up on folk, acoustic and pop music', Nina tells us that when she was younger, she was 'obsessed with Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, Britney, Madonna, Christina Aguilera - basically all of the proper female pop divas.' She also credits the rebellious punk-rock style icon Debbie Harry and Stevie Nicks - who she dubbs as 'really cool, independent women who write their own music' - for influencing her style. 'I resonated with [Debbie's music and fashion style] because it wasn’t just girly, it was more punk, and it had more of an edge and an attitude.'So, it was no surprise to us when Nina told us that she believes 'fashion and music go hand-in-hand: it's so important to build your own brand, as your image is just as important as your music - artists like] [Lana Del Ray have really shown that. I wouldn't have the balls to do a Lady Gaga style, but I love that people can express themselves through fashion.'When Nina first broke onto the music scene back in 2011, her style was very different to what it is now. She admits that her look was definitely out of sync with her music: 'I was wearing leather studded jackets, but I was playing acoustic folk music, so it was quite a weird mix. People must have looked at me and thought, "she must be in a rock band". So for my second album, I've definitely made a conscious effort for everything to be really cohesive.'When it comes to her current image, which is feminine but full of attitude, it's much more in-line with her songs: 'I try to create a style that reflects my music. So I would say it’s definitely got some '90s elements, some pop elements that are a bit more feminine, and then more indie, androdgynous elements.' It only takes one look at her Instagram to see that she's keen to experiment with clashing prints, bold colours, shaggy oversized coats and 'boyfriend styles'.But she wasn't always this experimental and confident with her sense of style. Nina admits that when she was starting off in the industry - at the mere age of 17 - she was 'very against wearing anything sexy - I thought people would judge my music or judge me. But I think as you grow up, you realise that actually, if you want to dress sexy there's nothing wrong with that - it's your prerogative as a woman to dress however you want. Now that I've grown up, I've realised that it's alright to feel powerful and attractive. You don't have to dress yourself down.'Something Nina has experienced herself - and I'm sure many other singers in the music industry have too - is the notion that women, more so than men, must uphold a certain aesthetic. Nina states 'there is more pressure on us [women] to have a 'look', especially when you're trying to establish yourself [in the industry]. But, I think that as long as you have a distinct voice and personality, you can kind of dress how you want.' Telling me about a moment when she tossed fashion expectations to the side, Nina recalled a time when she was filming for a music video and was supposed to wear heels: 'I was having a movement lesson, and the teacher said "you walk like you need a shit - just wear flats. If you feel more comfortable in them, you're going to look better,"' so she ditched them. Good move.Other things Nina feels most comfortable in are: tracksuits, as she doesn't 'make an effort at home; [she] only really gets dressed up for things like TV shoots or going out with friends'; dressing gowns, which she swears she would live in for the rest of her life if she could (ditto); and hoop earrings. For autumn/winter '17, she's keen to experiment with train driver hats, which she once thought of as 'really horrible', but is now 'warming to the idea of them'. Just before we part, Nina tells me: 'fashion styles, like music, always come back around. So, go with the trends, but just make the best of what you have and put your own stamp on them.' Noted...Be just as bold with your fashion choices by shopping the new autumn/winter collection at River Island. Plus, to be in the chance of winning a £1,000 voucher from River Island, enter our competition here!Keen to look on-trend and individual this AW/17, but not sure how? Send your styling questions into theteam@thedebrief.co.uk and it might get answered during our Instagram stories with The Debrief's Fashion & Beauty Editor Lucy and River Island on 27th November 2017. Be sure to tune in!Like This? You May Be Interested In:15 Cardigans That Prove It's The Comeback Knit Of 201713 Designer Handbag Dupes And Where To Get Them5 Styling Tricks We Learnt From People We Saw At NYFWFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's not everyday that a big-name fashion brand joins forces with with some badass up-and-coming female artists. But to launch their new workout pants line Nike Pant Studio, Nike have done exactly that.**To celebrate the launch of the new Nike Pants Studio (each tight has been specifically designed for a different kind of workout), Nike have teamed up with seven cool AF artists who love sport and fitness. These talented gals have whipped up some mega cool art incorporating the pants - see for yourself, below.Doodle-expert Jessie Cave is a bloody genius when it comes to making funny, child-like artwork (just check out her Instagram for proof). We guess that the Nike FLY tights make her feel like she really can fly. Must be the tight's 'tilted shaped waistband', which Jamie Lee said makes for a comfy fit when riding a bike.Hong Kong born, but London based visual artist Nicole Chui is a dab hand with photography and hand embroidery. For Nike's collection, she turned dance (a hobby she's had for over ten years), into art. She believed she could 'dare' to challenge herself to do more and switch up her 'normal' routines - and the Nike SCULPT tight's flexibility will help her do exactly that.Eve De Haan creates work that seeks to show the strength in self-expression. In this piece for the Nike POWER tight, she's worked with language and neon lights to show that there's power in expressing yourself - whether that be through sport, fashion or another creative outlet. You could say that us millennials are drawn to neon lights like mosquitos. We just can't get enough.Artist and illustrator Joey Yu is never seen without a sketchbook in hand. Nike picked her for her ability to capture life in the moment, and to portray their PRO tights - which are suitable for high-impact, sweat-worthy workouts like netball or basketball.(Side note: You need to get your hands on a pair of these tights if you're partial to a hardcore workout. Jamie Lee, Nike's Senior Design Director for Women's Training, told us that the new design features 'ultra-breathable material to tackle the sweatiest workout'. Just what you'll need.)Fine art graduate Rose Waterson creates art that's inspired by the natural form of the mind and body. So naturally, she was the perfect partner for the Nike BLISS tight, which are designed to stretch with your body to mimic natural motion. And her work of a woman in the boxing ring captures the power of the female form.Known for combining art with fashion to create work that speaks to young female creatives, Tegan Price was tasked with bringing the Nike SWIFT pants to life. She drew inspo from pop culture and magazines to create this aesthetically-pleasing track set.You've probably seen her work on Instagram. In fact, you WILL have seen her work on Instagram, because Top Girl Studio is a true millennial artist. She creates the kind of social artwork that you'd want to tag your mates in. To promote the fluidity and movement in the Nike FLOW pants, she came up with this slick gif, emblazoned with the words 'New girl. Bring it on.' We love.You can shop Nike's new and improved range of training tights here.Like This? You Might Be Interested In:The Best Free Gym Trials In Your University TownDebrief Does: The Triyoga Hot Yoga ClassZanna Van Dijk On Where To Begin With Weight TrainingFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With Tango coloured crunchy leaves covering the ground and temperature around the country plummeting it’s safe to say we’re in the midst of autumn. If there is one silver lining to the fact that it starts getting dark around lunchtime surely it’s the reintroduction of knitwear and duvet coats into our wardrobes?Though it's currently far too cold to leave the house without tights, it's also too warm to take on the tube or the bus without sweating more than publically polite.  So here we are, stuck between dressing with more layers than puff pastry and continually taking off and putting on items. While under these circumstances it sounds impossible, we’ve found six fashion influencers who manage to look stylish during this season without blinking an eyelid. Whether it’s by adding a clash of colour or an unexpected accessory, it’s actually simpler to pull off the cosy cold-weather dressing than we ever realised. Scroll on to learn these mystical ways...As the weather gets colder brighten the mood with a vibrant jacket and jumper.Add a statement earring to your Puffa jacket for a clash of the senses.After spending the last six months buying and subsequently wearing mules, we’re endlessly thankful that they’ve been given the go-ahead for winter with sparkly socks and cropped trousers.Leggings get a lot of hate, but when worn with a hoodie and a shearling jacket like Gigi Hadid’s, how can anyone argue with that?Cardigans are staging a comeback this season and this longline waffle knit is proof that they have powers to persuade even the most resolute of sweater lovers.If you told us a year ago we’d be yearning for grandad trousers and newsboy hats we’d have had a hoot. But, then we hadn’t seen Gala Gonzalez wear this outfit yet…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I'm sorry to tell you that it's officially Christmas season. The countdown is on and we've done all the research into the best 'buy now or regret later' purchases - from beauty advent calendars, right through to festive knits.We know what you’re thinking. Ultra-flammable knitwear isn't exactly chic and it's not like Mark Darcy is your style icon. Well, he might be – you do you and all that. But fear not, because there's an interesting new breed of Christmas jumper on the market and there's not a light-up reindeer nose in sight.Not all festive sweaters are garish, it turns out. In fact, there's plenty out there with stylish Fair Isle detailing, Aran weaving and intarsia patterns. Relegate the outré statement sweater to the back of your wardrobe in favour of a snug cashmere roll neck or a cropped pullover, because these are what deserve centre stage.Whether you invest in a designer knit (think Loewe or Bella Freud), style out a jumper with a seasonal slogan or keep cosy in something with just a hint of glitter (it _is_ Christmas), you'll find you're spoilt for choice with this year's knitwear offering.We like to wear ours with jeans and a pair of chic kitten heels when Christmas Jumper Day dawns at work. But, the rest of the year you can wear your jumper over a flowing maxi dress or simple slip skirt. And the same certainly can't be said of all Christmas jumpers...One for the Christmas List. Santa, please?Give a nod to tinsel with this Ganni number.Perfect with jeans and boots for everyday, layer over a slip and heels for wintery evenings.Chic, oversized and doesn't scream 'Christmas'.Everything a jumper should be: soft, chic and cashmere.The chicest way to do a novelty knit.Get in the festive spirit with heavy embellishment.Festive at its finest.We're saying 'yes' to a Christmas giraffe.Pure as snow yet definitely more snugly.Gives the feeling of a Christmas Tree without, er, a Christmas Tree...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tiffany & Co. has, for years, been the go-to shop for a special occasion-marking gift – a 21st birthday, graduation, or engagement. But the company’s latest foray into homewares aims to elevate the mundane (a plastic cup or drinking straw, for example) to newly luxurious heights.Back to that straw – or ‘Crazy Straw’ as the company has aptly branded it – which is priced at $250 in silver and $350 for the gold/rose gold version, and is accompanied by similarly plush items like a $375 ice cream scoop and a $95 pair of paper-effect bone china cups.For those with serious money to burn, the collection also includes a sterling silver tin can which, at $1,000, would certainly be an impressive way to store one’s pencils. The prize for the most confusingly random item goes to a ‘Ball of Yarn’ spun from textured sterling silver, which continues to baffle us.These are, obviously, a few of the more impractical items from the homeware collection, and among the exquisitely expensive $650 ping pong paddles and 18k gold $1,500 paperclip bookmark are useful things like clocks, smart jewellery boxes and an abundance of pretty tableware. The range is available to shop now, at tiffany.com.READ MORE: Tiffany & Co Brings Fifth Avenue To London With Special ExhibitionREAD MORE: Diptyque Has Released A Unicorn Christmas Candle And We Want It© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's the most wonderful time of the year: we're in touching distance from Christmas. It's a time of Mariah Carey songs, John Lewis adverts and advent calendars stuffed with chocolate. But you know that smell is the most profound sense, right?With that in mind, it's key to embrace the season with the help of a few Christmas candles, which make the perfect companion to the mince pies after every meal and mulled wine by the bucketload. We may have left the concept of hygge back in 2018, but we can still seek sanctuary in our own space.Whether you plan to go the whole hog with a tree, tinsel and more, or are taking a more minimalist approach with a sprinkling of lights and a few tastefully placed holly branches, candles make a great addition to any festive home.From forest pine to spiced gingerbread, these are our favourites.Wondering how to make the most of your purchase? Roja Dove, perfumer and fragrance specialist, has shared with us his genius candle hacks.Christmas Gift Guide: For HerChristmas Gift Guide: For HimChristmas Gift Guide: For Mums© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is one thing that separates the children of the ‘90s and those of the 2000s. And, it isn’t whether or not they remember the inside of the Millenium Dome (I obviously do). While statement earrings may be the toast of 2017, anyone who attended secondary school in the early Noughties can tell you this trend will be short-lived in comparison to our dedication to arm accessories back then. Bracelets weren’t just fashion accessories, they defined us, and we wore them stacked high up the arm. Yeah, looking back it seems like we were missing the point with some of them (LiveStrong bands) but that didn’t stop us buying them in 17 different colours and then wearing them all at once.Wayyy before mindfulness was trendy we were collecting power beads. Instantly recognisable by their elemental aesthetical and dubious (urban) legend that they contain some sort of vague magical healing power.We may have said we made these at a sleepover but it’s more likely we purchased them on the sly from Claire’s Accessories.Ouch, I can still feel the pain of skin getting caught in these cruel torture toys. Though they were marketed as something for kids they had high fashion credentials – Dior even made their own – though the kids at my school preferred them neon, plain and with a snap that left a mark.Probably the most pervasive bracelet of all, the LiveStrong rubber band started as a charitable concept but quickly got gobbled up by anyone keen to make a buck. Originally, it was associated with Lance Armstrong’s cancer research organisation but as soon as the world noticed it was socially unacceptable not to be wearing one, fashion brands started making their own bands covered with catchy nonsensical phrases.It’s actually laughable that we thought we were falling anyone with these stretchy plastic fake-tatt bands. If you were really into Sporty Spice’s inking’s you probably wore them pushed up on your bicep or attempted to (before breaking it) stretch it over your head to make it into a choker.Otherwise known as silly bandz, these were ubiquitous on the playground. Rumour had it that each headache-inducing bright shade signified a different sex act, or so the boys that tried to snap and cash them in said. This lewd underbelly didn’t stop us wearing them in a rainbow of shades (unless you were emo and then you only wore them in black or red, of course).Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by OFFICEMisconception #1 about the fash pack: they live in heels. Misconception #2: they’re only seen in the newest styles. Not so – some shoes are so eternally stylish that even the most demanding fashionistas will turn to them again and again. Enter, the Adidas Gazelles.First introduced in 1966, the Gazelles gained popularity in the 1980s, before recently strutting back into the sartorial consciousness as the natural successor to the almighty reign of the Stan Smiths (AKA everyone's sneaker of choice). Low-cut, low-fi and laid-back, the Gazelles’ pared-back, retro inspired lines add instant cool to any look.So that makes them sensible shoes that also happen to be super-stylish – in which case, sign us right up. And while everyone might be wearing them, the styling opportunities are endless. Here’s four ways to work the Gazelles – with a little help from the FROW.A pared back palette is always chic. But a secret weapon of the fash pack is to enliven neutrals with a single, colour pop accent. Red, green and electric blue Gazelles add a jolt of vibrancy to muted winter shades. Too bold? Slate grey strikes a sophisticated note. Simple, but effective.The Gazelle's pared-back lines make it the ardent minimalist's shoe of choice. Their favourite style? Black and white, naturally. Not only the perfect addition to a strict monochrome palette, the iconic three stripes echo graphic prints. Wear with deconstructed black denim and a plain white tee for a look that is timelessly cool.Here's a pretty perfect off-duty look for this season: of-the-moment pink co-ords, a cashmere grey sweater and Gazelles. Or how about a tailored heritage check suit, a tee and Gazelles? Perhaps wide-leg denim, a luxe leather jacket and Gazelles? You get the picture. The suede sneaks are the fash pack's off-duty shoe of choice – adding a dose of effortlessness to haute fabrics and It-accessoriesQuestion: how do you wear ruffles and florals, sequins and lashings of pink without looking sickly sweet? Answer: Gazelles. The sneakers are the easiest way to ground an ultra-feminine aesthetic, giving exuberant prints and embroidery an unexpected effortlessness. The added bonus: a pair of knock-around kicks also gives eveningwear legs for day.To shop Adidas Gazelle, head to OFFICE.co.uk now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First they announced a new, super speedy same day delivery option, and now ASOS have upped their game again by launching a ‘try before you buy’ service. Teaming up with Swedish payments firm Klarna, the service will be available to consumers via the ASOS mobile app, and follows Amazon Prime’s similar retail model (Amazon Prime Wardrobe’), which rolled out earlier this year.It works in a straightforward way – customers order what they want, have a big trying-on session at home, and only pay for what they decide to keep. You have a generous window – 30 days – to decide what you want to keep and return, and you won’t be charged any interest. Nicola Thompson, global trading director at Asos said: “We know people love the option of paying later only for the things they keep, and are excited to introduce this for customers shopping on our app in the UK."The development is certainly welcome news for the time-poor – shopping for that beach/ski holiday when you’re tied to your desk just got a lot easier.READ MORE: ASOS Praised For Showcasing Models' Stretch Marks In Unretouched PhotosREAD MORE: Karen De Caux On Dressing For Work At ASOS© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since the first Victoria’s Secret fashion show in 1995 in the Plaza Hotel, it’s grown into a mammoth, outrageous and extravagant affair. Since it’s relatively humble nascent, it’s become a phenomenon that has its own rules and secretive culture. Walking for VS is one of the most prestigious gigs a model can book. Since it’s the most-watched fashion event on the planet, it can be the making of an unknown girl’s career. But, for a VS model securing a place on the catwalk is only half the battle as gaining wings and being anointed as one of the underwear brand’s select crew of Angels is the goal. The hierarchy doesn’t stop there for there is one exalted honour that is saved for a single model. Glory, fame and fortune are given to a girl that gets to wear the ‘fantasy bra’.Unlike traditional catwalks - by which we mean the type that cares more about the clothes than the spectacle and don’t get watched by six million odd people - the models VS book are more than hangers with a pretty face. During the rigmarole of fashion month, it is unlikely for an editor to see anything but waif-like creatures tottering down the runway. At Victoria’s Secret, the ideal is still slim, tall and beautiful, but also cheery and approachable with lean gym-honed physiques and a healthy glow. These models are in a league of their own, which explains why the casting directors have to search far and wide to find models that aren’t too edgy and editorial. For many the haute couture bookings come after they’ve walked for VS and become subsequently become a household name.After spending a year watching international catwalks and keeping an eye on new scoutings, the in-house casting team whittle models down to 100 candidates. Those that make the cut have to go through an audition stage even if they’ve walked for Victoria’s Secret before. This year 60 girls, including Adriana Lima, Karlie Kloss, Candice Swanepoel, Gigi and Bella Hadid and Leonie Anderson have been handpicked. There’s no age limit and there’s seemingly no restrictions on how many times one model can walk for the brand, but the expectations of how hard they will train to gain a spot remain high. With numerous fitness tie-ins from protein shakes to gym wear deals for the taking, these girls treat getting in shape like a competitive sport. That said, regardless of hard they sweat there is no way they can guarantee they will get their wings.Nabbing a pair of wings can come with obvious advantages, but it does require a heap more work on the part of the model. Supposedly, the VS team have created an iron-clad contract that reportedly requires the girl to commit 30-50 days of the year to the lingerie giant as well as appear at a number of their special events and star in their commercials. For a model that books editorials and shows around the world, this can restrict their flexibility to work with other brands enormously. However, for some this can be a real incentive as the industry offers little security and this is as close as they can come to a full-time job.In a world where the most engaged with fashion event is a runway of barely-dressed women a blingy bra created out of 18 carat gold, diamonds, sapphires and topaz is obviously the centrepiece. This year this prestigious distinction has been saved for Lais Ribeiro. She’ll be wearing a custom demi bra made by jeweller Mouawad that weighs more than 600 carats and took over 350 hours to make. Talk about a little razzmatazz! Just like Gisele Bundchen, Heidi Klum and Alessandra Ambrosia who’ve previously enjoyed had the honour of modelling the ‘fantasy bra’, Ribeiro has a long history working with the underwear label. She’s appeared six times on their runway (though she’s been booked seven times but had to skip 2012’s catwalk because of a sprained ankle) and starred in two of their commercials.For all the criticism thrown at Victoria’s Secret and it’s annual pageant, there is something to be admired about how hard every single model has worked to get to the point of walking in the show. Between the secretive contracts and barely-written about hierarchies, this outrageous event is an inspiring lesson in camaraderie in the face of competition.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve all been in this situation. It’s a classic. You come home and your ASOS parcel has arrived. Oh joy! You’re overspending is now in physical from. But we couldn’t resist could we? That extra jumper, that dress we probably will never wear but looked reallyyy pretty on the model. The lot. So when you finally try it all on and you realise actually… I don’t need this top, and in reality, this dress looks crap on me.Shit. Now you have to return all those pieces. It is such a hassle. Honestly, who has the time to repack it neatly, make it fit in the bag again, take it back to the post office and wait for your bank account to return to an acceptable level, post over spending?But hallelujah. Those dark days are over because ASOS have now launched a new scheme called ‘try-before-you-buy’, which is exactly what it’s title suggests. They have announced that customers will have to pay for what they keep, or return their unwanted items, within 30 days.Which is just blissful news. The new move is reported to be so that it can keep up with its competitors, Amazon Prime Wardrobe, which has a similar service, and the high street brand Topshop. This is now additional to their new service of same day delivery to those who ship to London and a new virtual search tool on its app lets shoppers find items by uploading a photo.WATCH NOW: The Debrief Is Getting A Nose PiercingHowever, this is only available on the mobile app, due to 58% of the brand’s global orders being selected on mobile – 80% of UK usage is from mobile devices. Although, many say it won’t be long until this is also transferred to desktops. The offer is not only available in the UK; the same option is used in Germany, Austria, Sweden, Finland and Norway.The reasoning behind this is because ‘(ASOS) know people love the option of paying later only for the things they keep, and are excited to introduce this for customers shopping on our app in the UK,’ said Nicola Thompson, the global trading director at ASOS.Like this? You might also be interested in:ASOS Are Doing Same Day Delivery And We Are Very ExcitedWTF Is This New Jumpsuit From ASOSThis Genius ASOS Hack Means You can Save On Big US BrandsThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Supermodels: they’ve got the looks (killer), the pay cheques (huge) and the boyfriends (A-list). But what we’re really interested in is the clothes (mega – needless to say). And not just cover-shoot couture but that effortless off-duty uniform of pieces they actually wear. So, wouldn’t it be exciting if you could rummage around a super’s wardrobe? And wouldn’t it be a dream to actually own Kate’s jacket or Naomi’s dress?Well, now, thanks to German supermodel Toni Garrn and Vestiaire Collective you can. (If you don’t know what Vestiaire is, you’re in for a treat. The fash pack’s not-so-secret weapon, it’s where you can pick up pre-loved Céline, Louis Vuitton and, well, just about any label you’ve ever lusted after.)Toni, who’s notched up campaigns for H&M, Tommy Hilfiger, NARS and Cartier alongside numerous glossy magazine covers, will be hosting a charity pop-up sale selling some of her favourite 4 pre-loved clothes. ‘I had these amazing pieces that I couldn’t keep but were too special to just give away or sell them to a place that doesn’t appreciate it,’ she explains. Her donations include a Céline bracelet, Vetements hoodies and a Vionnet dress. ‘I wore it on three or four special occasions including a beautiful wedding and at Cannes,’ she adds. ‘It’s still in perfect condition even though I had some crazy nights in it!’Credit: Vestiaire CollectiveAlexa Chung's Sophia Webster Shoes What's On Offer At Vestiaire Collective's Supermodel Flea Market2of18Alexa Chung's Sophia Webster Shoes Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's Michael Kors DressLaura Bailey's Stella McCartney CoatAlexa Chung's Phillip Lim T-Shirt Giselle Bunchen's Stuart Weitzman ShoesToni Garn's Vetements HoodieToni Garn's Céline BraceletToni Garn's Vionnet DressLily Donaldson's Balenciaga JacketAlexa Chung's Jimmy Choo Kitten HeelsCarolina Issa's Gucci SuitAlexa Chung's Markus Lupfer DressNaomi Cambell's Givenchy ShoesImmy Waterhouse Dolce & Gabbana JacketLily Donaldson's Stella McCartney SunglassesAdwoa Aboah ScarfJoan Small's Proenza Schouler SweaterLaura Bailey's Stella McCartney ShoesToni called on her equally fashionable friends to help, as well. There’s Givenchy heels from Naomi Campbell, Laura Bailey’s Stella McCartney jacket, a Michael Kors dress from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, while Alexa Chung’s donations include Jimmy Choo kitten heels. Gisele Bündchen sent a box of clothes including a Givenchy jumper, Stuart Weitzman boots and a Chanel jacket. ‘I was astonished,’ Toni says of the response. Fashion fans will no doubt echo that reaction. ‘I like the idea of people who care about fashion to have the opportunity to wear the clothes,’ she adds.An evolution of the Supermodel Flea Market pop-ups she’s held in New York for the past two years, thanks to Vestiaire’s community of 6 million people, this time Toni’s going global. The online sale will be accompanied by three European pop-up stores, including one in London on 10-12 November; prices start from £35 for a Cheap Monday T-shirt previously owned by Toni and go up to £3,000 for a vintage denim jacket donated and signed by Kate Moss.The best bit? All the proceeds will go towards supporting the Toni Garrn Foundation, which facilitates access to education for girls in Zimbabwe. This is feel-good fashion at its most fabulous.An edit of 100 donated items goes live on vestiairecollective.com from 2 November. More than 500 donated items will be available to shop between 10-12 November at the pop-up store at 21 Slingsby Place, London.READ MORE: The World’s First Wedding Department Store Has Opened in London© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In the caverns of One Marylebone Road sits the ultimate one-stop nuptials shop called The Wedding Gallery. It’s a 20,000 sq ft space that offers couples an opportunity to plan their big day all under one roof.Taking inspiration from the popularity of wedding fairs, this two-floor emporium permanently showcases over 200 bridal labels, florists, jewellers, caters, cake bakers and a gift registry. It allows the newly-engaged (or the plain curious) to immerse themselves in every aspect of the day from ceremony to reception.To visit, parties must book an appointment (at the cost of £50) for a 75-minute tour of the ‘arcade’ led by a consultant. As they enter they will be led through each aspect, they need to consider, from on-the-day jewellery to wedding bands, beauty and hair styling, table design, floristry and, of course, bridal dresses and tailoring. With the assistance of Harrod’s Urban Retreat spa, The Wedding Gallery is offering make-up trials in tandem with dress fittings.As for the gowns, brides can try on frothy conceptions as well as sleek separates and everything in-between from Temperley London, Oscar de La Renta, Ellie Saab, Needle & Thread and the exquisite Suzie Turner Couture. To ensure nothing is forgotten, further galleries reveal shoes and lingerie, bridesmaid dresses, headpieces and a selection of mother-of-the-bride attire as well as men's tailoring from Gieves & Hawkes, Thom Sweeney and Casley-Hayford.The Wedding Gallery is the work of two well-versed party planners Anna McGregor and Lotte Martin of LAMP Productions who have over 30 years of experience curating international events. Using their little black book of vendors they’ve collated a library of options for venues, caters and bar services that can be pursued by couples at their comfort in the Wedding Gallery.As guests come to the end of their visit they can either note down everything that took their fancy or begin working with one of the store’s in-house planners.READ MORE: The Most Iconic Wedding Dresses Of All TimeREAD MORE: The Best High Street Wedding Dresses© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After 17 years at Burberry Christopher Bailey is exiting the label. Next year’s spring/summer 2018 show will be Bailey’s last outing as CEO and president of the British fashion house. He has always had the reputation of being a nice guy, as the least diva-ish designer in fashion, but his unassuming personality has belied the subtle dexterity with which he has slowly but surely changed the face of the entire industry.Since joining the label in 2001 as a fresh-faced 30-year-old charged with reinventing the brand’s Prorsum line, he has pushed fashion’s boundaries. Bailey led the way as Burberry became the first to introduce live-streamed shows (2008), the first to introduce ‘in-Tweet’ purchases (2014) and one of the first to champion the see-now-buy-now model (2016). But, his progressive outlook didn’t stop there as he oversaw Burberry spearheading an Asian expansion while reinventing the concept of the front row, celebrity endorsements and music and fashion collaborations. His idea of what a clothing brand could and should be touched the consumer at every point of contact.When Bailey came to Burberry, it was at a time when the label was struggling. The company was plagued with licensing issues that had led to the house’s iconic check becoming increasingly mainstream and much copied. He all but removed the brand’s signature pattern from collections and in the process changed the course of the company’s fortunes. By embracing the term ‘heritage’, he created a billion-pound business that followed in the footsteps of Louis Vuitton to ensure that for the consumer history signified luxury. He created collections that championed Britishness to form an aura around that brand that resonated with tourists, international consumers and editors interested in a quick and satiating angle.For as much as the trench played an unquestionable role in Burberry’s rebrand, it was only ever as powerful as Bailey’s diligence to styling. The man sold not just an item to the waiting public but a way of wearing it. Scarves belted into jackets, shearling dripping off sleeves and transparent skirts with big Bridget Jones knickers were all his doing. He transformed the brand’s hero item from military garb into a trend item that could change with the whim of the season. He cropped it, coloured it and fiddled with it until it became signified by a handful of components but was still instantly recognisable as Burberry regardless of if it was tailored out of lace, snakeskin or tapered into a puff-sleeved smock. He balanced its overtly British proper-ness with swinging sixties baker boy hats or showed it with provocative latex skirts and kitten heels. Bailey could reconfigure it a hundred ways without ever losing its Burberry adage.Though, possibly Bailey’s suavest move was to tactically expand Burberry’s presence in China and South East Asia when luxury fashion was hitting a saturation point in Europe and North America. While discovering a new consumer base, he continued to feed his waiting followers in the West with an embrace of the celebrity culture that was lapping up headlines in the early 2000s.Though fashion week had been a global business for some time, it wasn’t until around a decade ago that it became an event that might interest consumers too. And, this change was in large part due to the blooming front row culture that Bailey forged. Not only did he always book the big name models of the moment, whether it was Cara Delevingne and Lara Stone or Freya Beha Erichsen and Agyness Deyn, but he would curate a front row that was as glamorous as the clothes he presented. He could persuade Mary-Kate Olsen to sit next to Victoria Beckham and Emma Watson while Bradley Cooper and Suki Waterhouse sat opposite. The names were so starry that a red carpet with prerequisite paparazzi was established outside his show venues. When Bailey started employing bands to perform live during his shows the catwalk became just one of the many buzz-worthy elements that garnered headlines that had nothing to do with clothes.The same foresight that inspired Bailey to retire the brand's caramel check temporarily has seen the designer constantly forge a new path for the brand. Though in recent seasons their fortunes have floundered - along with many other luxury labels that were once perceived to be future-proofed - Bailey’s instinct has usually led to accolades. Whether it's tapping into brand nostalgia by reintroducing check this season or introducing menswear to his womenswear show, Bailey has proved that his finger is never far from the pulse.READ MORE: Christopher Bailey Is Leaving Burberry After 17 YearsREAD MORE: Brooklyn Beckham Shoots Burberry's Latest Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are so many reasons why we love ASOS. The seemingly endless selection of clothes and accessories, the next day delivery, the fact that they're constantly updating their 'New In' section  to please our shopping souls (but not our wallets). But sometimes, just sometimes, they will produce a new product that will make us utter a hearty 'WTF?'Like this 'Minimal Jumpsuit' (their words, not ours). Only it's not a jumpsuit, is it? It's a pair of massive trousers, pulled up to the armpit, like the world's laziest Simon Cowell fancy dress costume.In normal circumstances, jumpsuits are our best friends  (apart from when you’re not taking them off in the bathroom desperate for a pee). They can be dressed up or dressed down, they are the items you can always rely on when you need to make the classic movie entrance. So why ruin it now?I think the killer crime is the fly zipat the top. ASOS calls it a ‘pleated front’ with ‘hook and bar fastening’, but let’s be real, it’s a frikkin fly. The comic design flaw creates the extended look through the body making your legs look like they’re going on forever. And yes, longer legs are always a dream, but that’s why high heels exist and NOT this so-called jumpsuit. These only give you have an uncanny resemblance to Si Co, which is 100% not what we're aiming for (sorry Si, no offence).I think the best place for these to go is the fashion flops graveyard, amongst JT and Britney’s double denim look and Miley Cyrus’ entire 2015 VMA wardrobe.Rest In Peace. You will not be missed.Liked this? You might also be interested in:In Defence Of The Flip FlopNew Year Eve's Outfits You've Tried And Failed Over The YearsThe Only 11 Pieces You Need To See From ASOSThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Calling all brides to be: French Connection is the latest high street brand to branch out into bridalwear, with the label’s debut Spring 2018 wedding collection set to drop on 1st February 2018.With a modern boho aesthetic, the collection features a range of diaphanous gowns for brides and bridesmaids, often boasting a painstaking attention to detail that belies French Connection’s affordability: prices start at just £65 for the pussybow ‘Comino’ shirt (which, paired with the lace ‘Arta’ trousers, £120, is a striking choice for the fashion-forward bride) and reaching up to £295 for the romantic Palmero dress, which appears to have stepped straight out of a Sofia Coppola mood board. Another option for an alternative bride is an elegant lace top and culottes co-ord, while the ‘Genoa’ dress, £195, with an embellished bodice and simple tulle-like skirt, does fairytale without the fuss.‘Shoppers are able to buy affordable pieces in every other category except bridal, so it felt like a natural progression to launch a wedding capsule,’ French Connection’s design director Maria Chen told Vogue ahead of the launch. ‘With the growing trend of wedding dresses that don’t blow the budget, as well as brides wearing multiple outfits on the day, the idea was welcomed by our inner circle of brides to be.’Bridesmaids, too, will certainly breathe a sigh of relief when faced with French Connection’s offerings. Each style features, according to the brand, ‘a unique decoration of its own, from the blush ‘Palma’ dress with beaded floral blossoms to bolder floral appliqué on the longer-sleeved ‘Christy’ dress, £250, and the ‘Genoa’ dress in a punchier sorbet pink hue.Chen’s inspiration came courtesy of carefree celebrity brides: Kate Moss in bespoque John Galliano (cut on the bias to echo the Jazz Age styles favoured by Zelda Fitzgerald), Poppy Delevingne in custom Pucci and Bianca Jagger’s iconic YSL Le SmokingSee all the looks from the collection in the gallery below...Credit: French ConnectionComino shirt, £65; Arta lace trousers, £120; Palmero dress, £295Credit: French ConnectionPalmero dress, £295Credit: French ConnectionGenoa dress, £130; Christy dress, £250Credit: French ConnectionCari dress, £250Credit: French ConnectionConsenza dress, £250Credit: French ConnectionArta lace top, £80; Arta lace culottes, £90Credit: French ConnectionGenoa dress, £195WATCH NOW: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsREAD MORE: London's Best Wedding Dress ShopsREAD MORE: Wedding Guest Dresses You'll Want To Wear Again© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Embroidery is something you’ve probably only ever encountered on a designer top, a floral shirt or at your grandma’s house.But instagrammer Sophie King has made us look at the craft in a whole new light with her badass slogans on everything from corsets to rose leaves.‘Stop blaming women for men’s inadequacies’ reads one of her pieces, ‘You gave me trust issues’ reads another, and ‘You’re not a bad boy, you’re just a bad person’ says a third.Not exactly your traditional embroidery patterns eh?WATCH NOW: The Debrief Investigates: The Contraceptive Pill and Mental Health  What will your first slogan be? We’re thinking: 'Stop victim blaming and start holding men accountable for their actions.'Too long?Like this? You might also enjoy... 7 Ways To Give Your Denim A Makeover (No Sewing Involved)How To Wear Knee-High Boots This SeasonLove Bombing: The Seemingly Romantic Dating Tactic You Need To Watch Our ForFollow Phoebe on Twitter @PhoebeParke This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every season, one statement piece from high street staple Marks and Spencer never fails to capture the fashion world’s imagination. Remember the suede ‘Olivia’ midi skirt of 2015 (worn by everyone from Alexa Chung to Olivia Palermo)? Maybe you recall the brief period last spring when every other woman in the 18 to 35 age bracket was wearing a pie-crust blouse from the M&S Alexa collaboration, or, if you cast your mind back a little further, can picture the pink duster coat of 2013?This time around, the item from M&S’s autumn drop to generate fevered interest was the brand’s constellation print dress. Affordably priced at just £45, the easy-to-wear midi style in navy blue, with long, slightly flared sleeves and a space-inspired print dropped online and in shops at the very beginning of September. Predictably, it wasn’t around for long, disappearing from the site and from the brand’s bricks-and-mortar stores almost immediately. Cue major sighs of disappointment from those of us who were just a little too slow with our credit cards – until now, that is. Today, Marks and Spencer revealed that the sell-out style has been restocked, available once again in a range of sizes. As the brand put it, it’s ‘the perfect mid-week treat to see you effortlessly into the party season.’ With a price tag under the £50 mark, the temptation is too real – buy it now or regret it later has never rung truer.If you need further inspiration, look to Instagram, where everyone from fashion editors to influencers are already providing us with mini masterclasses in how to wear the constellation dress. Erica Davies styles hers with a belt in red velvet, tassel earrings in a matching shade and simple sling back heels in navy, while Alex Stedman of The Frugality plays with the starry print by wearing hers with gold sequinned Mary JanesREAD MORE: 15 Stylish Handbags That Can Actually Fit A Macbook ProREAD MORE: Proenza Schouler Answers Our Prayers With An Affordable Sister Line© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Christopher Bailey is leaving his position as CEO and president of Burberry after 17 years with the British fashion house. The designer will go at the end of 2018.'Burberry has undergone an incredible transformation since 2001 and Christopher has been instrumental to the company's success in that period. While I am sad not to have the opportunity to partner with him for longer, the legacy he leaves and the exceptional talent we have at Burberry give me enormous confidence in our future,' said Burberry chief executive Marco Gobbetti. 'We have a clear vision for the next chapter to accelerate the growth and success of the Burberry brand and I am excited about the opportunity ahead for our teams, our partners and our shareholders.''It has been the great privilege of my working life to be at Burberry, working alongside and learning from such an extraordinary group of people over the last 17 years,' said Christopher Bailey. 'I do truly believe, however, that Burberry's best days are still ahead of her and that the company will go from strength to strength with the strategy we have developed and the exceptional talent we have in place led by Marco," he continued. "I am excited to pursue new creative projects but remain fully committed to the future success of this magnificent brand and to ensuring a smooth transition.'Bailey joined Burberry as design director in May 2001 and was promoted to creative director in 2004, after cutting his teeth working for Donna Karan and Gucci in the 1990s. In 2014, following the departure of CEO Angela Arhents for Apple, he was promoted to the joint positions of CEO and creative director. Earlier this year it was announced that Marco Gobetti would be taking over the role, with Bailey instead becoming president of the brand.Bailey is often credited with Burberry's pioneering digital vision, which saw it become one of the first brands to trailblaze both live-streaming and see-now buy-now. His ad campaigns are known for featuring up-and-coming British acting talent, including Eddie Redmayne and Emma Watson, while his shows are often soundtracked by the next big thing in music, from Tom Odell to James Bay.READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham Shoots Burberry's Latest CampaignREAD MORE: Iris Law Is The New Face Of Burberry Beauty© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s official, the clocks have changed which means it must be winter now. Though seeing my breath frosting, the air of my flatshare was all the proof I needed. As the temperatures have taken a turn south, it’s time to get the wardrobe in check. Wave bye-bye to ankle and short sleeves for this is the season the be draped, no swamped in wool, knitted up like a little bundle radiating heat. Luckily, Zara is making this look slicker than it sounds. Their choice of coats for autumn/winter 2017 is the definition of lust-worthy, and their knits are anything but natty. Don’t overthink it for buying a chunky Aran knit now will see you through the next five months, as will that down jacket and that ginormous camouflage scarf. If you buy now, cost per wear is infinitely justifiable!Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Double-Breasted Check Blazers We’d Do Bad Things For9 Make-Up Palettes Under 9 Quid10 Boilersuits You Need To MeetFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I don't know about you, but fancy gym wear is THE reason that I drag my sorry butt to the gym every week. Because let's face it: I may not know what the heck I'm doing in my HIIT workout class, but at least I can look - and feel - good. So, I took it upon myself to try on all of the Superdry Sport fitness gear that's just landed in JD, so that you too can look on fleek during your workouts.Joggers, £50; Cropped hoodie, £55; all from Superdry Sport at JD.I've never felt more on-form for a gym session than I did when wearing this bad-boy combo. It's slick and it's comfy, and I'm obsessed with that thick black stripe that runs down one side of the jogging bottoms. Perfect for weight-lifting and bum-toning squat sessions.Leggings, £30; Sports bra, £25; Luxe hoodie; all from Superdry Sport at JD.The pop of pink colour, the sassy AF crop top and leggings combo, and the chic jumper thrown over my shoulders: is this not the modern day version of the Mean Girls' gym outfits? I think so.Joggers, £50; T-shirt, £30; all from Superdry Sport at JD.Nothing gets me more amped up for a hardcore workout sesh like a motivational slogan tee. And this 'never give up' emblazoned one from Superdry will definitely help me give my all at the gym. Pair it with comfy joggers to look effortlessly cool.Leggings, £30; Tank top, £25; all from Superdry Sport at JD.If you're an everyday gym attendee, then planning daily workout outfits can be quite time-consuming. What you need is a simple, practical look that you can style in seconds. Enter a bright tank top and high-waisted, stretchy leggings. My top tip? Tuck one side of the top into your waistband to dish up a side of attitude.Joggers, £50; Crop top, £23; all from Superdry Sport at JD.A slick black-on-black outfit warrants my sassiest power stance. I felt ready to tackle the world in this jogger and crop top duo, and could totally wear this to go running. Next up: mini marathon!Leggings, £30; Sports bra, £25; Luxe hoodie; all from Superdry Sport at JD.Mixing-and-matching with underwear? A big no-no in my books. But mixing-and-matching with gym wear? HELL YES. Pair printed crop tops with clashing coloured joggers and shoes for an outfit that's SO worth sweating in.Shop these sporty chic Superdry Sport outfits from JD. And, follow JD Sports on Facebook, Instagram and with the tag #MeInJD.Like This? You Might Be Interested In:The Best Free Gym Trials In Your University TownDebrief Does: The Triyoga Hot Yoga ClassZanna Van Dijk On Where To Begin With Weight TrainingThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's been a big year for Chiara Ferragni, the Italian style maven responsible for creating one of the world's most successful blogs, The Blonde Salad. Not only did she celebrate her 30th birthday, but she also got engaged to longtime beau Fedez, an Italian singer-songwriter, and has now topped off her incredible year with the news that she is expecting her first child.The influencer announced the news on Instagram (natch), sharing a photograph of herself and her fiance in matching bathrobes with ear-to-ear smiles, captioning it: 'Hey guys... We're gonna be parents soon 👶🏼  I'm 5 months pregnant now and we can't wait to meet baby Raviolo 👪  Life is beautiful.' The post has already racked up 1 million likes - unsurprising considering she has an impressive 10.7 million followers on Instagram alone. She also shared a sweet video of her beau kissing and singing to her bump.Ferragni started her blog, The Blonde Salad, in 2009, swiftly becoming one of the most well-known influencers and Insta-stars in the industry. This year she was unveiled as Forbes number 1 'Top Influencer' for her website, curated Instagram account, sponsorships deals and clothing line (plus collaborations).We can't wait to see 1. how Ferragni styles her pregnancy bump and 2. what her child will be wearing. Not that she is guaranteed to share pictures of her newborn, of course. Fellow Instagram sensation Pernille Teisbaek gave birth to her son in March, and since then we've only been given a few glimpses of his sweet outfits on her Instagram account.Congratulations to the happy couple! READ MORE: Pernille Teisbaek Had The Scandi Wedding That Instagram Dreams Are Made OfREAD MORE: Lucy Williams On How To Wear Jewellery Like An Influencer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last year I would have laughed at the notion of wearing a baker boy hat (otherwise known as a newsboy cap or some other ludicrously job-specific name). Back then, I would have said these little cute captain-style caps were the refrain of 1960s supermodels with dainty features and Suki Waterhouse. But, then Gigi and Bella Hadid started wearing them and I did some Pinterest research and found pictures of a sultry Françoise Hardy bedecked in a baker boy cap. And, guess what, they didn’t look like they were in fancy dress! In fact, they looked effortless and cool. Fast-forward a few months and the high street has clocked on that this is a burgeoning cool trend and kindly made reasonably priced options to pick from. For less than a Pizza Express dinner, you can try the trend and toss it aside next month when you’re over it. Or, you can invest in a more expensive style and wear yours like Kate Moss, i.e. eternally.Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Double-Breasted Check Blazers We’d Do Bad Things For9 Make-Up Palettes Under 9 Quid10 Boilersuits You Need To MeetFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over the years Theresa May’s many jazzy shoes have been noted as the cornerstone of her wardrobe. Yet, the Prime Minister’s strong and stable loyalty to one East London-based British designer could easily be argued as the essential element of her instantly recognisable look.When Theresa May announced the general election back in April it was done while wearing an asymmetric pinstripe dress with a single button garnish by designer Daniel Blake. On Friday 9th June when May emerged from her Downing Street residence to announce the results of her touch-and-go election campaign she wore a cobalt blue skirt suit by the same tailor. In September, when she met Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau she chose a single-button jacket that flared from the waist for the occasion that was also by Blake. Once again, in October, when the PM headed to the annual Conservative Party conference in Manchester, she took on the world in the very same tailored jacket. And, as recently as last week while addressing the Bank of England, May wore a blazer and skirt in bright blue by the London label.On the designer's website it explains, 'Daniel designs and produces collections exclusively in London collaborating with British manufacturers, weavers and makers.' What could be more perfect for May to wear while presenting her vision of a post-Brexit Britain?It’s unfortunate and more than just a little bit amusing that the designer May keeps returning to shares its name with the lead character and title of Ken Loach’s acclaimed anti-austerity film, I, Daniel Blake. From trouser-gate to her over-zealous dedication to fabulous footwear, May’s wardrobe has undergone more than its fair share of sartorial dissection, undoubtedly more than any over PM has ever had to put up with. Yet, there seems something perfectly gratifying that these two names should have aligned themselves.READ MORE: Theresa May Is Getting The Waxwork TreatmentREAD MORE: We're Not Sure How We Feel About Theresa May's Millennial Pink Dress© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The clocks change today, which means one thing: it’s officially winter. Now that we’ve swapped denim jackets for duvet coats and bare legs for woolly tights, the next big switch-up comes in the guise of footwear. Like Hunter wellies are to festivals, a pair tried-and-tested winter boots are both sensible and stylish when the cold sets in. Though trends come and go – remember when Moon Boots were all the rage circa ’08?! – there is one shoe shape everyone can agree has everlasting coolness: knee-high boots. Unlike other cold-weather shoe shapes, knee–highs never go out of fashion as they are less tricky than their over-the-knee sisters and more sensible than ankle-grazers. That said, according to Instagram they are having a moment right now.Who knew a cotton dress and chunky chocolate leather boots could look so cute with an evening bag? Emily Ratajakowsk, of course.Speak with a plummy accent and wrap up in a check blazer to give the finishing touches to your brown riding boots.When I first saw these Yves Saint Laurent boots on the catwalk, it made me think of those girls wearing teeny hot-pants on stilts that try and lure you into seedy Magaluf nightclubs. But, in the hands of Rihanna, I’m kinda into this flamingo footwear. All it took was a heap of Badgalriri attitude and a t-shirt dress to change my mind.Jordyn Woods brings sexi back without showing an inch of skin, well her own that is, bu wearing (hopefully faux) snakeskin boots and a midi denim skirt.OG blogger Jane Aldridge Who goes by the moniker @seaofshoes obviously knows her way around a pair of boots. Case in point these glorious cognac knee-highs. I like the way she’s not afraid of swamping her silhouette with soft layers, like that of a flowing skirt and cashmere knit. Looks cosy AF.Liked this? You might also enjoy: 11 New Look Pieces That Look More Expensive Than They AreVelvet Is The Fabric Of The Season, So Here's 3 Ways To Work It Like A Pro3 Ways To Wear Chunky Knitwear So You Never Have To Take Yours OffFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In the real world, Halloween is when kids dress up in costumes and beg for candy. In Girl World, Halloween is the one day a year when a girl can dress up like a total slut and no other girls can say anything else about it.’ Cady wryly says in Mean Girls. However, it’s not true. In fact, every October women are shamed for their choice of costume.In terms of All Hallow’s Eve, men get an easy ride – they want to buy a cowboy costume, they can. For, women their search will chuck up results that start with the word ‘sexy’ and end in a highly-flammable outfit consisting of about as much fabric as a bikini. For women, the 31st of October is a minefield of do’s and don’ts. The fancy dress industry’s industrial complex is telling us that if we want to dress up, it can and should be provocative, while the side-eye and under-the-breath comments of strangers say otherwise.While it might not seem it, the phenomenon of dressing alluringly for All Hallow’s Eve is nothing new. Actually, it can be traced as far back as the 18th-Century when everything people did was separated along gender lines from where they lived, to where they worked and prayed. It’s been noted that public holidays were one of the few occasions when sexes mixed and when flirting between unmarried couples could occur. During the 18th- and 19th-Century masquerade balls that required attendees to wear costumes gained popularity. This created a safe space where guests could expose skin without judgement, and a little nudity was approved of. Though this practice went on for decades, it took until the 1970s for the provocative costume industry to explode. In the years between the masquerade balls and the explosion of camp films like The Rocky Horror Show on to cinema screens, Halloween became a tad puritanical. During the early 20th Century it was celebrated in church halls with candy until the ‘70s when the world was more sexually liberated, and the pill was readily available, which allowed the practice of observing Halloween to culturally shift from a state of morality to embrace sexual deviance.By its very nature a costume allows you to play a character and take part in activities outside your normal day-to-day life. So, if you don’t feel sexually confident on a normal basis the fact that your fancy dress outfit comes with the epithet ‘sexy’ can be a healthy starting point to feeling that way. I can’t speak for all of womankind, but as far as I can see there is nothing bloody wrong with feeling ‘sexy’ in your clothes, be they jeans and a t-shirt or an abbreviated sheet with eyeholes masquerading as a ghost costume. It’s fucked-up that we live in a world where women are objectified and that the fancy dress industry has co-opted the word ‘sexy’ to mean scantily clad. But, right now, there is a quick way of circumventing the judgement, and it’s by calling out what the problem is: slut-shaming.Sexy is a feeling, not an aesthetic. Just because you wear something skimpy, it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re feel aroused. Though you should never feel guilty for wanting to feel provocative, you can’t buy the concept of sexiness. A £20 cat costume won’t suddenly make you ‘sexy’, as you have to feel it.Halloween is a fantastical spectacle where fear and fantasy is embraced. Though the dress-code doesn’t read ‘near-naked’, this can be the one time of year when you get a hall-pass to wear what you want in public. It can be a moment to express your sexuality and your desires without double-guessing yourself. We’re grown-ups (whether we like to admit it or not) so we’re not blind to the fact that sex and sexism surround us, but let this be the one day of the year that we choose on our terms how we want to look. Though we know it shouldn’t be limited to a single day, there should be nothing wrong with wearing what you want on Halloween at the very least. If you want to wear a Borat-style swimsuit and nothing else, I say,  game on sister!Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Usually when you see Kendall Jenner walking a red carpet she’s wearing a glitzy gown, probably by Balmain or Alexander Wang, that shows off her long lean legs and toned arms. Her hair is most likely perfectly coiffed, her ears studded with diamonds or at the very least generously large gems and her make-up is the definition of on fleek. However, this wasn’t the case this week. Though it was an event celebrating her sister Kourtney Kardashian’s clothing line with Prettylittlething, Kendall dressed like every girl everywhere who can't be arsed to go out. And, we don’t mean she just wore no make-up in that #wokeuplikethis (but secretly spent twenty minutes applying BB Cream to my face and vaseline to my lashes) way, we literally mean she dressed more low-key than we've ever seen.While Kourtney wore a teeny sequined black slip dress from her new range with stilettos and her hair slicked back into a ponytail, Kendall stepped out in jeans and a long-sleeve grey top covered in holes. Now, we know the whole raggedy, ripped aesthetic is a thing but we’re just not convinced that this was the look Kenny was going for. Under normal circumstances the Kardashian-Jenners will wear something covered in holes, like frayed jeans, with something dressy, say stilettos, or for instance a grunge-y top that exposes a slinky bralet, to achieve that high-low, sexy-effortless balance. But, Kenny didn’t do that. Instead, she was so low-fi with her clear, untampered skin and comfy looking top it let us see ourselves in her.Of course, we wouldn’t dare judge a girl for not dressing up. Hey, that’s us everything single day. But, unlike us, it's hella unusual to see Kendall Jenner, Vogue covergirl, best-mate of the Hadid's, Karl Lagerfeld's muse dressing down.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget the clothes and the make-up, it’s hair that is the one telltale sign of when a photograph was taken. What was cutting-edge then looks seriously dated now and what felt fresh and trendy in its time looking back is distinctly tinged with nostalgia. Thinking back on our formative years, there is one candidate, an extremely unlikely one (if you ask me), whose ever-changing hairstyle has become a touchpoint for the times. While the other members of her band, the Spice Girls, became so closely linked with one specific ‘do – Baby had the blonde pigtails and Geri the flame-coloured bob – Mel C’s mane slyly became a marker for time passing. Don’t believe us, scroll on.The only explanation is that balayage hadn’t been invented yet. Or maybe, this what she wanted, what she really really wantedThe art of looking like your hair had undergone electric shock therapy was all the rage in ’98.So Jennifer Aniston was flying high as Rachel in Friends, so much so the world and their wife wanted to nab her hairdo. Yet, not everyone had the long locks/extensions to do it justice. Hence, we all ended up looking we had more layers than a mille-feuille.Name a teenage boy in the early Noughties who didn’t have frosted gelled tips like they wanted to be in *NSYNC.Just after that snow incident, Kate Moss’ star power was on the rise, so what did she go and do? She cut her hair so the world could show its adoration and copy her. Moss got a thick, full fringe and we all thought it was genius until we did the same and sweated for the first time.Ahh, Marisa Cooper. At the time we thought Mischa Barton’s character could not be more chic, but nearly a decade later we’re a lot less sure.Barely a woman in the Western world has avoided attempting to work an Ombré. Not even Mel C.Liked this? You might also enjoy:Mary-Kate And Ashley Oslen’s Passport To Paris Is Deeply Underrated Flashback Friday To Britney Spears Defining 2002 In CrossroadsFlashback Friday To Girls’ Aloud’s Truly Terrible Early Noughties Wardrobes This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a well-established belief that an engagement ring should cost three month’s rent. We’re not sure where it originated (or even why, as most people’s salaries vary so greatly to make it totally skewed) but luckily for anyone planning to propose this Christmas, the so-called ‘three-month rule’ has gone out the window for 2017. According to US-based jeweller Anna Sheffield, the rules have ‘really shifted’ for millennials. She told the Metro: ‘The idea of any equation dictating what to spend on something this personal and special is kind of tied to that same status quo of a white diamond/white gold solitaire being the only ring to get. A solitaire is a classic, but it shouldn’t have to be a white diamond if you prefer black, or grey or champagne or even a moonstone for that matter. The idea of the engagement ring now, I feel, is more tied to values and integrity of the material and the maker, as well as the people who will ultimately own the rings. They are symbols of their love after all!’WATCH: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsWhile celebrities often cough up eye-watering amounts of money for their bling (Jay-Z reportedly spent $5 million on Beyoncé’s), the ‘average’ cost of a ring today doesn’t actually exist, as we are spending anything from £200 - £200,000, with the focus usually being on finding something uniquely tailored to the individual, rather than a big rock. Many couples even choose to design a ring together themselves, making the process less about showing off and more about symbolising the relationship.Now click through the most iconic wedding dresses ever...Credit: Getty ImagesFor her first wedding to Conrad Hilton, Elizabeth Taylor wore a traditional off-the-shoulder gown designed by MGM costumier Helen Rose - the designer responsible for Grace Kelly's wedding dress.Credit: Getty ImagesGwen Stefani's pink and white ombré-effect bridal gown (worn for her 2002 wedding to Gavin Rossdale) was designed by John Galliano. She later donated it to London's Victoria and Albert museum, describing it as 'a piece of art.'Credit: Getty ImagesSilver screen star Mary Pickford gives a lesson in 1920s bridal glamour.Credit: Getty ImagesMia Farrow opted for the clean lines and simple silhouette of a skirt suit for her 1966 wedding to Frank Sinatra, perfectly complimenting her iconic Sixties pixie crop.Credit: Getty ImagesYoko Ono chose a simple tiered mini dress, a wide-brimmed hat and white pumps for her wedding to John Lennon. Oh, and massive sunglasses. Only in the Sixties...Credit: Getty ImagesWe couldn't not include Mariah's characteristically dramatic bridal gown (complete with tiara), worn for her first wedding in 1993. Designed by Vera Wang, the $25,00 style was reportedly inspired by Princess Diana's wedding dress.Credit: Getty ImagesKeira Knightley wore a knee-skimming tulle dress by Chanel couture for her low-key wedding to musician James Righton in 2013. Knightley chose to wear a dress she already owned (from the fashion house's S/S'06 collection) - and has since re-worn it for red carpet appearances. Well, if the dress fits...Credit: Getty ImagesPrincess Margaret chose a silk organza gown by Norman Hartnell - the designer behind the wedding and coronation dresses of her sister, Queen Elizabeth - for her wedding in 1960. The tailored shape and lack of embellishment (a striking departure from previous royal wedding styles) lead Life magazine to crown it 'the simplest royal wedding gown in history.'Credit: Getty ImagesQueen Elizabeth II had to save up ration coupons to exchange for the duchesse satin used in her wedding dress, which was designed by Norman Hartnell and decorated in 10,000 imported pearls.Credit: Getty ImagesJacky Kennedy's traditional wedding dress was designed by Ann Lowe, a designer favoured by American high society, and was made from nearly 50 ft of ivory silk taffeta.Credit: Getty ImagesWas there ever a more perfect wedding dress than Kate Moss's bias-cut, Thirties-inspired slip of a gown, custom made by her friend John Galliano? The designer later described the process of making Kate's dress as his 'creative rehab.'Credit: Getty ImagesThe original 'it' girl Bianca Jagger broke the rules for her 1971 wedding to Mick Jagger, choosing a slim-fitting skirt suit designed by Yves Saint Laurent.Credit: Getty ImagesHepburn chose a pale pink mini dress and matching headscarf, designed by her lifelong friend Hubert de Givenchy, for her second wedding to Andrea Dotti in 1969.Credit: Getty ImagesFor her first wedding to Mel Ferrer in 1954, Audrey Hepburn wore a high necked, puff-sleeved gown designed by Pierre Balmain (whose fashion house is now best known for high octane glamour and dressing the Kardashian-Jenners...)Credit: Instagram @kimkardashianKim Kardashian called on close friend Riccardo Tisci of Givenchy to design a dress for her wedding to Kanye West. The result was an Instagram-breaking creation featuring cut out panels and long lace sleeves.Credit: Getty ImagesFor her wedding to Alan Ferguson in 2014, Solange Knowles side-stepped bridal traditions by opting for a structured cream jumpsuit by Stéphane Rolland.Credit: Getty ImagesIt was the most talked about wedding dress of the century: Kate Middleton wore a long-sleeved Alexander McQueen gown, designed by creative director Sarah Burton, for her wedding to Prince William in 2011.Credit: Getty ImagesDesigned by MGM costume designer Helen Rose, Grace Kelly's high-necked, long-sleeved gown was a clear inspiration for Kate Middleton's wedding dress. Worn for her 1956 wedding to Prince Rainer of Monaco, it was fashioned from 25 yards of silk taffeta, one hundred yards of silk net, and Brussels rose point lace.Credit: Getty ImagesPrincess Diana's 1981 wedding dress is still one of the most famous bridal styles of all time. The fairytale gown, designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel, was fashioned from ivory silk taffeta and antique lace, which had belonged to Queen Mary. The 25 foot train posed something of a problem, barely fitting into Diana's wedding carriage.READ MORE: Why I’m Having A Social Media Ban At My WeddingREAD MORE: Is This The Most Lavish Wedding Ever?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Halloween is a multi-million-pound industry fueled by candy and costumes. Though you could spend every year dressed as a sheet ghost or a sexy cat (no judgment here), the disposable fancy dress industry would rather you wouldn’t. For, they would rather sell you a new shiny and highly flammable outfit each October. To do this, they latch on to whatever phenomena are making headlines at that moment in time be it Pizza Rat or pregnant Beyoncé or in this year’s case ludicrous denim.If each year can be defined by one overwhelming trend, then 2017 will surely be remembered as the year of the ridiculous jeans. We’ve had Topshop try and sell us transparent trews, Nordstrom flog $425 pre-muddied denim, and one designer at Tokyo Fashion Week introduce us to the concept of thong jeans.Now, of all the bizarre denim trends of 2017, it is the last one, the thong jeans, that have really captured the public’s attention. It garnered headlines like, ‘Ever wondered when ripped jeans become too ripped? Wonder no more’ from Glamour, and ‘Thong Jeans Now Exist So Let’s Officially Get The Apocalypse Rolling’, from Harper’s Bazaar.So, it’s no wonder that with Halloween less than a week away one costumier, Yandy, has acted fast and transformed them into one pricey costume. For $60 they are selling, ‘a nude bodysuit with long sleeves, a high neckline, a sheer bodice with a geometric design, an open back panel, a cheeky cut back and tattered blue jeans with a thong cut back, open legs and ankle cuffs’.While we love the free sweets and the excuse to dress up the throw-away industry of tokenistic costumes leaves something to be desired. It’s been calculated that the average American buyer spends around £32.81 per year on an outfit, which means about  £2.1billion is spent per year in the US on disposable clothes). In a world where waste is a global climate problem, do we really need a thong jean costume?Liked this? You might also be interested in: You Won’t Be Able To Stop Smiling At Monica Rose’s Kid’s Halloween CostumesThe Best Halloween Decoration Inspo Pinterest Has To Offer7 Millennial Witches To Follow On InstagramThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Who’d have thunk it, Hailey Baldwin’s favourite dress costs less than our monthly travel pass.To be fair, we’ve all found a pair of jeans or a t-shirt that we love so much we buy them again, and again, and again. But, considering Hailey Baldwin's access to high-end brands and niche luxury labels we would have expected her wardrobe would be chock-a-block with items so pricey it makes our eyes water and bank balance quiver. However, this isn’t the case.Baldwin has modelled for the likes of Dolce & Gabbana, Bottega Veneta, Tommy Hilfiger, Missoni and Elie Saab we would have expected her taste to run expensive. But, as it turns out the wardrobe staple the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin favours a £41 dress over everything else. It’s by a little-known Australian label called Meshki and is made from nylon and spandex, which means it fits super, shows-every-lump-bump-and-curve tight. The brand describes the minimalist spaghetti strap number as: ‘It's the tiny details that count with our new MIA dress Featuring a flattering square neckline, with thin strap detailing, this mini dress is an essential addition to your wardrobe collection. Pair it with your favourite jacket and some booties for an outfit straight from an 'IT' girls wardrobe.’ Maybe it was the last line that made Baldwin hit ‘checkout’.The last time Hailey wore the dress in question was to Drake’s birthday party, supposedly. But, she’s not the only celeb turning heads in this down-under designer as Bella Hadid has been spotted out and about in the brand’s faux fur baby blue coat. And, Bieber’s protégée Madison Beer has worn the brand’s PVC bandeau top before.Liked this? You might also be interested in: Let's Dissect The Grungey Casual Style Of Hailey Baldwin Hailey Baldwin Gets A 'Rachel' Haircut Apparently Hailey Baldwin's Haircut Is The Cut Of 2017 - We Disagree This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After 15 years as a New York fashion fixture, design duo Proenza Schouler are branching out with the launch of a new and – crucially – affordable diffusion line, Proenza Schouler White Label (that’s PSWL for short).Occupying a more casual, low-key space than the brand’s luxe main line offerings, PSWL focuses on laid-back pieces: jeans, t-shirts, sweatshirts and outerwear all feature in the first drop from this spin-off, which will initially arrive in selected retailers and online on November 6th (set to be followed by wider release throughout 2018).‘It has always been a goal of ours to fully develop a well-rounded and balanced collection that mixes the high-end with the everyday in a way that speaks to both many of our personal friends, and to the designer customer we’ve developed over the years,’ designers and founders Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez revealed in a launch statement.’ A more casual lifestyle has always been true to who we are as individuals, and true of many women in our lives.’One of those women is actress and perpetually cool style icon Chloë Sevigny, who appears in PSWL’s first campaign. Shot by Chloë’s boyfriend Ricky Saiz, the images show the star deploying her trademark nonchalant pose in a handful of Proenza ensembles: a double-denim and white polo combo, a see-through rain mac in millennial pink paired with leopard print sneakers and a laidback t-shirt dress, to name a handful.‘We are excited to finally have an entire range of easy, more casual things to offer alongside the more crafted and fashion-focused pieces that we have explored in the past and will continue to design,’ McCollough and Hernandez added. ‘With PSWL we feel that we can now address both ends of the spectrum in a way that feels totally authentic to us and relevant to the way people dress today.’Prices start at $195 for tees printed with the PSWL logo, and range up to $1,195.See the full campaign in the gallery below...Credit: Proenza Schouler / Ricky SaizCredit: Proenza Schouler / Ricky SaizCredit: Proenza Schouler / Ricky SaizCredit: Proenza Schouler / Ricky SaizREAD MORE: The Easy-To-Wear Little Black Dress Fashion Editors Are Swearing ByREAD MORE: How A Fashion Editor Actually Packs A Micro-Handbag© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Halloween is fast approaching and if you’re yet to sort your outfit for the weekend then panic not, we’re here to help.Dressing up for October 31st doesn’t necessarily mean painting your face white and using a whole bottle of fake blood. Nor does it mean dresssing as a witch or a cat for the fifth year in a row. Some of our all-time favourite film and TV shows provide the perfect outfit inspo for All Hallows' Eve, and these costumes manage to be both budget friendly and stylish.At this late stage in the game, it’s best to maximise on your assets (a.k.a your natural hair) instead of messing around with hair dye or a wig. Whether you’ve got a blond bob or long auburn locks, we’ve found an option for you. Scroll down to find yours…If you have blonde short hair…Carey Mulligan as Daisy in The Great Gatsby Channelling the iconic character of Daisy couldn’t be easier. Give your bob a 1920s twist with the addition of sequin headband (find at any good haberdashery) and simply throw on a sparkly dress and heels.PinterestPinterestIf you have medium length blonde hair…Gwyneth Paltrow as Margot in The TenenbaumsA style icon in recent years, Margot Tenenbaum’s look in Wes Anderson’s cult 2001 movie couldn’t be easier to replicate. Style your medium length hair in her signature side parting and head to your local charity shop for a faux fur coat.PinterestPinterestIf you have long blonde hair…Alicia Silverstone as Cher in CluelessWe’re always looking for an excuse to revisit one of our favourite nineties movies, and Halloween provides the perfect opportunity. Capitalise on your long blonde hair and convey Cher in a tartan yellow two piece. Cher’s suit may have been John Paul Gaultier but we suggest you traul through a nearby vintage shop.PinterestPinterestIf you have short red hair…Christina Hendricks as Joan in Mad MenBring some sixties glamour to whatever Halloween party you're attending by dressing as the always-elegant Joan from Mad Men. Dig out a figure-hugging dress (or opt for a shirt and pencil skirt combo), recreate her classic up-do and don’t forget her bright scarlet lipstick.PinterestPinterestIf you have medium length red hair…Shannon Purser as Barb in Stranger ThingsYou could not get a more 2016 costume than a character from the Netflix hit, Stranger Things. If you were one of the many people who binge watched the show (and have red hair), then Barb might be your Halloween alter-ego. Source a pair of oversized glasses and a checked shirt and you’re good to go.PinterestPinterestIf you have long red hair…Deborah Ann Woll as Jessica in True BloodFor a more traditional Halloween option how about Jessica from vampire TV show, True Blood?. If you have long auburn hair, minimal effort is required. You can wear whatever you like, just don’t forget some fake fangs, red lippie and a smidge of fake blood.PinterestPinterestIf you have short brown hair…Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra in CleopatraFor an iconic outfit to remember, take inspiration from ancient Egypt and Elizabeth Taylor - a winning pair. Wear your finest turquoise frock and get practising those eyeliner skills.PinterestPinterestIf you have medium length brown hair…Uma Thurman as Mia Wallace in Pulp FictionIf you’re blessed with dark hair and a fringe then this is your time to shine. Channel your inner Mia in a black mini and choker (cigarette optional).PinterestPinterestIf you have long brown hair…Anjelica Huston as Morticia Addams in The Addams FamilyFan of all-black-everything? Well then this is the costume for you. Make the most of your long dark hair as Morticia. All you need is a black dress and some time to spend on your makeup - go big on the blue eyeshadow and red lipstick and definitely skip the bronzer.PinterestPinterestREAD MORE: The Best Celebrity Halloween Costumes From Kim Kardashian To Heidi KlumREAD MORE: 11 Halloween Costume Ideas That Are So 2016READ MORE: How To Be The Best-Dressed Couple This Halloween© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Any fashion devotee worth her weight in shoes will know of Bicester Village. It’s the British tourist attraction that’s as popular as Buckingham Palace and as long as the Champs Elysee. And, for the last twenty years, it’s been the place to visit for discounted designer shopping.Similar to Vegas, but in the grasslands of Oxford, Bicester is a purpose-built world of indulgence. It takes less than hour to get to the quaint-looking outlet from central London's Marylebone station, yet it feels a million miles from the bustle of Oxford Street. Well-manicured cottages boast 130 luxury stores including Gucci, Valentino, Celine, Dolce & Gabbana, Prada, Burberry and Christian Dior.Just in time for Christmas, the high-end mall has expanded to open 30 more boutiques, including the likes of Christopher Kane, Roksanda, Orlebar Brown and Philipp Plein. Also, just for the festive season, Charlotte Tilbury is hosting a pop-up, and one of the neat cream cottages has been turned into a scarlet wonderland full of British designers. Featuring the likes of Chinti & Parker sweaters, Tom Dixon ornaments, Luke Edward Hall homeware and Sophie Hulme bags, this space is just a taste of a further expansion due next month that will include a Charlotte Olympia shop.Though the prospect of Gucci for under £200 is an obvious lure, Bicester offers more than just fashion. Notably, the White Company had one of the longest checkout lines we saw during our more recent visit, and cycling enthusiasts were bustling to see what was on offer at Rapha.That said, the magic of Bicester isn’t just the discounts, it’s one of the most pleasant shopping experiences you will come across. From the helpful scarlet-clad staff to the train station waiting room that’s fitted with plush sofas and offers free hot drinks, to the clean walkways and varied food options, it’s a pleasure mecca. Stop by the Farmshop, which is an off-shoot of Soho Farmhouse, for a hearty meal, or enjoy roti, noodles, crepes and piadina’s from the village’s niche dining pop-ups.A day-out credit card swiping at Bicester may cost less than Bond Street, but don't for a second think that it feels like a lesser experience.READ MORE:  The Easy-To-Wear Little Black Dress Fashion Editors Are Swearing ByREAD MORE:  Inside Harley Viera-Newton's Stylish New York WeddingREAD MORE:  How A Fashion Editor Actually Packs One Of Those Trendy Micro Handbags© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion photographer Terry Richardson has been banned from working with some of the world’s most prestigious magazine titles, The Daily Telegraph reported this morning. According to an email seen by the paper, Conde Nast International (the media house that publishes the likes of Vogue, Vanity Fair and GQ), will no longer work with Richardson. The leaked email revealed that any work already commissioned with Richardson will not be published and instead should be ‘killed or substituted with other material.’ Richardson has shot for top magazines titles, fashion brands such as Marc Jacobs, Tom Ford and Yves Saint Laurent, and worked with celebrities including Beyoncé, Lady Gaga and Miley Cyrus. He famously directed Cyrus’ Wrecking Ball music video in which the singer appeared naked, and later admitted to regretting.WATCH NOW:  Kate Moss: Fashion Through The AgesHowever, throughout his twenty year career Richardson has been plagued with sexual harassment and assault claims, in particular from models. This weekend in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal, The Times wrote a piece asking why Richardson was still ‘feted by fashionistas’ considering the extent of the widespread allegations. Within the piece Caryn Franklin, a former editor of the fashion magazine i-D, called his behaviour an ‘open secret.’ Within 24 hours of the piece being published, James Woolhouse, Conde Nast’s executive vice president and chief operating office had sent the email banning work with Richardson to staff.READ MORE: How Harvey Weinstein Got His Tentacles Into The Fashion IndustryREAD MORE:  Miley Cyrus Faces Backlash Over New Terry Richardson PhotographsREAD MORE:  Donna Karan Sparks Controversy By Defending Harvey Weinstein© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As the daughter of Cindy Crawford, the paparazzi’s trained lens has been pointed at Kaia Gerber since she made her modelling debut. Even when she’s not on the catwalk, she’s shown herself to be infinitely better dressed than most mortals. And, it seems she’s been having a helping hand from one relatively small Australian label called I.AM.GIA..Though Kaia is regularly seen sporting this under-the-radar brand, she’s not the only West Coaster that’s hooked. For, Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski and Jordyn Woods have all been adding this designer to their online shopping baskets. Though little is currently known about ‘Gia’ (and we expect little will ever be known as the website’s ‘about us’ page obliquely states: ‘YOU'LL NEVER KNOW’), the brand’s DNA is instantly recognisable. Ever see one of the Brat Pack set wearing baggy cargo pants in camo or motocross print or a cropped corset, it’s probably I.AM.GIA. Get to grips with this brand STAT...Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by VeryVelvet been dubbed the hottest fabric of the season, thanks to its luxe feel and look. And because we're such big fans, our Style Editor Polly Knight teamed up with Very to show you the right way to wear it. After all, you want to look effortlessly chic when donning this slick material, right?The '80s saw the rise of rara mini skirts, and now it looks like they're back for good - but with a twist. Their statement short length has been traded in for a longer, more elegant midi style, which, when worn with a luxe velvet top, makes for a haute-couture inspired look.Every woman should have a pair of smart suit trousers hanging in her wardrobe. Not only do they come in handy for work, but they also pair perfectly with statement tees. For weekend dinner and drinks, tuck a glamorous velvet top into suit trousers, and throw on some strappy heels. Class, elegance and sophistication? Check, check and check!The sharp drop in temperature means that we've been digging out our fluffiest, furry coats in a bid to keep warm. And we've noticed that they seem to marry nicely with velvet tops. When wearing both items at the same time, just remember to keep the rest of your outfit minimalistic.Watch how to style a velvet top below:Shop the velvet top here and the entire V by Very collection here.READ MORE:Style Stories: Have A Go At Styling A Shearling CoatThe One Coat You Need For Winter, Plus How To Style It3 Cool Ways To Wear A Cosy Knit© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dubbed the It fabric of the season, classic, luxe velvet should definitely be on your radar for autumn/winter. If you're wondering how to pull it off in a modern way, then rest assured that you're in safe hands. Our writer Daisy Keens has teamed up with Very to style three bangin' outfits that will give you some major style inspo...Be warned: bold, printed velvet is making itself known on the high-street (think polka dot or star-printed fabrics). If you're feeling brave and want to jump on the printed bandwagon this season, tuck a patterned, velvet top into some statement, straight trousers (we love these shimmery ones from Very). See how they make that velvet top just pop?A midi skirt might not be your go-to for a night out, but it seriously should be. As well as helping to accentuate your natural shape, a simple black midi with a high side split will leave you looking bang on-trend, especially when paired with a plush velvet top. Oh, and don't forget to throw on some oversized earrings for added effect, too. Slay!Yep, velvet is a hard fabric to pull off, but don't be afraid to mix-and-match it with other loud textures, like faux fur. For the perfect date-night outfit, layer a classic faux fur jacket over a fancy velvet top and midi skirt, and then sashay your way into the bar. We guarantee that your date will fall head-over-heels!Watch how to style a velvet top below:*Shop the velvet top here and the entire V by Very collection here.**Like This? You Might Be Interested In:Style Stories: Try Your Hand At Styling A Cosy Knit3 Ways To Wear Chunky Knitwear So You Never Have To Take Yours Off3 Ways To Wear A Leather Jacket That Will Have Heads TurningFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The nominations for the annual Fashion Awards have been announced ahead of this year’s event on Monday 4th December at the Royal Albert Hall. Hosted by the British Fashion Council in partnership with Swarovski, the fashion world’s answer to the Oscars honours the designers, models and business leaders who have made the biggest impact on the fashion industry in the last year. Chosen by a board of over 2,000 fashion insiders, the nominees were announced by Natalie Massenet, chairman of the British Fashion Council and founder of Net-A-Porter.‘These designers and brands were chosen from hundreds of international names and they represent the most creative talent and innovative businesses of the year,’ said Massenet. In the Model Of The Year category Gigi Hadid has stiff competition to regain her title both from sister Bella and rising stars Adwoa Aboah, Kaia Gerber and Winnie Harlow. While in the Designer Of The Year category fashion heavyweights Raf Simons, Phoebe Philo and Alessandro Michele will fight it out for the prestigious prize.WATCH NOW: Alexa Chung's Style EvolutionThe Emerging Designer category is always an interesting predictor of future stars, and this year Rejina Pyo, Michael Halpern and Faustine Steinmetz are all up for the chance to follow in the footsteps of last year’s winner, Molly Goddard. See the full list of nominees below…British Emerging Talent, MenswearBen Cottrell and Matthew Dainty for CottweilerCharles Jeffrey for Charles Jeffrey LoverboyHenry Holland for House of HollandPhoebe English for Phoebe English ManSamuel Ross for A-COLD-WALL*British Emerging Talent, WomenswearFaustine Steinmetz for Faustine SteinmetzMatty Bovan for Matty BovanMichael Halpern for HalpernNatalia Alaverdian for A.W.A.K.ERejina Pyo for Rejina PyoBusiness LeaderAdrian Joffe for Dover Street MarketGuram Gvasalia for VetementsJosé Neves for FarfetchMarco Bizzarri for GucciRuth & Tom Chapman for Matchesfashion.comModel of the YearAdwoa AboahBella HadidGigi HadidKaia GerberWinnie HarlowUrban Luxe BrandFeny x Puma by RihannaGosha RubchinskiyOff-WhiteSupremeVetementsAccessories Designer of the YearAlessandro Michele for GucciAnthony Vaccarello for Saint LaurentDemna Gvasalia for BalenciagaJonathan Anderson for LoeweStuart Vevers for CoachBritish Designer of the Year, MenswearChristopher Bailey for BurberryCraig Green for Craig GreenGrace Wales Bonner for Wales BonnerJonathan Anderson for JW AndersonMartine Rose for Martine RoseBritish Designer of the Year, WomenswearChristopher Kane for Christopher KaneErdem Moralioglu for ErdemJonathan Anderson for JW AndersonRoksanda Ilincic for RoksandaSarah Burton for Alexander McQueenDesigner of the YearAlessandro Michele for GucciJonathan Anderson for LoeweMaria Grazia Chiuri for DiorPhoebe Philo for CélineRaf Simons for Calvin KleinREAD MORE:  Meet The Model Of The Moment: Adwoa AboahREAD MORE:  Dissecting Gigi Hadid's Unbeatable StyleREAD MORE: Grazia Summer Beauty Awards 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Think it takes years of hard graft and round-the-clock networking and a good working relationship with at least three Kardashian-Jenners to land a top level job at one of the world’s biggest fashion brands? Think again.When Diesel’s CEO Alessandra Bogliolo departed the company earlier this year, the brand immediately embarked on a quest to find someone to (literally) fill his seat. Their ingenious and tongue in cheek approach to this particular hiring conundrum? To launch a search on social media for a new CEO – in this case, that’s a Chair Executive Officer FYI.The video campaign, which launched on Facebook earlier this month, saw the brand’s founder Renzo Russo encouraging new applicants to prove they have the requisite experience of being ‘good at sitting’ in an ‘important chair.’‘Our CEO has left, leaving an empty space in our hearts and in our minds, but most importantly an empty chair,’ Russo explained, with a violin backing track striking a suitably mournful note. ‘So I’m looking for a new CEO – Chair Executive Officer.’ Prospective candidates were then invited to submit a gif to Diesel’s Facebook page to prove they have what it takes.Four days and 2,000 photos, gifs and videos later, the brand decided upon a deserving winner to fill the chair: 29-year-old Daan Vervoort, a contemporary dancer from Belgium. According to Daan, ‘being good at sitting may not get you everywhere in life. But it can get you pretty, pretty far,’ which is certainly a philosophy we’re willing to embrace. For one week, he took his job very seriously, sitting around Diesel HQ while being cheered on by the brand’s staff and founder. Intrigued? You can find out exactly what he got up to in the video below…READ MORE: Cara Delevingne Says Critics Are Quick To Judge ModelsREAD MORE: Inside Harley Viera Newton's Stylish New York Wedding© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While it’s just over a week to Halloween, but sorry folks, it’s already been won. Though Monica Rose is best known for styling the Kardashian-Jenner’s until a recent Calabasas fall-out that saw her unanimously dropped, it seems she hasn’t missed a step on going viral on social media. Since Saturday, Rose has been sharing the sweetest snaps of her kids dressed up for All Hallow’s Eve. Now, these aren’t your bog-standard costumes for under 10s – there isn’t a sheet ghost in sight – as Rose decked her two kids out as iconic celebs. Brace yourself, not because they are scary but because they are spookily accurate: #Flashback to Alaia as @KarlLagerfeld 🕷🦇🍭👻🎃 #Halloween2014A post shared by  Monica Rose (@monicarosestyle) on Oct 20, 2017 at 7:46pm PDTBaby Alaia paid homage in 2014 to Kaiser Karl with a white blonde wig, sunnies and fingerless gloves. Tres chic! #Flashback to Salvador as @pharrell 🕷🦇🍭👻🎃 #Halloween2014A post shared by  Monica Rose (@monicarosestyle) on Oct 20, 2017 at 8:48pm PDTLittle Salvador looked Happy dressed as Pharell at the 2014 Grammys in Mountain hat. #Flashback to Alaia and I as #Sia and #MaddieZiegler #Grammys2015 🕷🦇🍭👻🎃 #Halloween2015A post shared by  Monica Rose (@monicarosestyle) on Oct 20, 2017 at 7:10pm PDTUpping the anti, Monica got involved herself for this Sia costume. The magic is in those perfectly coiffed wigs and mini-Maddie Ziegler (aka Alia’s) hand-drawn tattoos. Now, that’s dedication! Another #Flashback to Alaia as #OlsenTwins MK + Ashley 👯#Halloween 🕷🦇🍭👻🎃A post shared by  Monica Rose (@monicarosestyle) on Oct 21, 2017 at 12:56pm PDTPossibly Rose’s most elaborate creation yet, she dressed her daughter in not one, but two costumes to create this photoshopped moment, complete with The Row-style pumps, mini Balenciaga City bags and faux bobs. #Flashback to Salvador as #JayZ 🙌🏽 🕷🦇🎃👻 #Flashback #Halloween2016A post shared by  Monica Rose (@monicarosestyle) on Oct 20, 2017 at 6:56pm PDTUnless you photograph your Halloween costume with a smoke machine backdrop, did it really happen? It's my favorite time of year again🕷🦇🎃👻 #Flashback to Alaia and Salvador as #BritneyandJustin #Halloween2015A post shared by  Monica Rose (@monicarosestyle) on Oct 20, 2017 at 6:43pm PDTPause and appreciate the sheer level of detail that went into creating these awesome outfits. Dead. Ringer.Being the child of one of Gigi Hadid and Chrissy Teigen's wardrobe mistress evidently, pays off.Liked this? You might also be interested in:The Best Halloween Decoration Inspo Pinterest Has To Offer9 Halloween Costumes Under £9 To Buy NowEver Wondered What Celebrity Outfits Would Look Like On A Normal Body Shape?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisImage credit: Instagram/@monicarosestyleThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...DJ, designer and model Harley Viera-Newton married long-term boyfriend Ross Schwartzman, aka DJ Ross One, in New York this weekend, and their wedding was as glamorous as expected. @harleyvnewton ❤ @djrossoneA post shared by  Alexa Chung (@alexachung) on Oct 21, 2017 at 11:08am PDTFor her big day the sartorial star wore a beautiful lace gown with a matching full-length veil.  The romantic, vintage-feel gown came complete with a high neck, long sleeves and intricate lace detailing. Keeping her beauty look simple with loose curls and a nude lip, she let the dress do the talking.  👰🏼✌🏽A post shared by  Sarah Staudinger (@staud) on Oct 21, 2017 at 9:18am PDTHowever this was not the only dress she wore for the celebrations. For the evening nuptials Veira-Newton swapped into a mini dress, heart-shaped earrings, a love heart diamond-encrusted bag and an autumn-ready fur coat. Clang, clang, clang went the trolley. Ding, ding, ding went the bell. Zing, zing, zing went my heartstrings! CONGRATS TO @harleyvnewton & @djrossone 👰🏻🥂🚋A post shared by  Derek Blasberg (@derekblasberg) on Oct 22, 2017 at 11:29am PDTHer line-up of ten bridesmaids all looked equally elegant in dresses from Veira-Newton's fashion line, HVN. They wore her heart printed silk dresses along with their own choice of red or pink shoes. ❤️ The Bridesmaid’s Tale ❤️A post shared by  Lily Waronker (@lilywaronker) on Oct 21, 2017 at 8:56am PDTTying the knot with an intimate ceremony at chic Manhattan restaurant, Palma, the couple said their vows beneath a blooming floral arch before dining in the restaurant's garden. Another gorgeous wedding in our garden! #palmanyc #wedding #specailevents #weddingseason  #doraziofoodevents #catering #photoshootcateringnycA post shared by  Palma D'Orazio (@doraziofoodevents) on Oct 21, 2017 at 10:16am PDTIn attendance were celebrity pals including Alexa Chung, Derek Blasberg and Daisy Lowe. Guests made memories of their day in the photo booth including Alexa Chung who looked stunning in a pink Erdem gown.A post shared by Alexa Chung (@alexachung) on Oct 21, 2017 at 4:33pm PDTTalk about #weddinggoals.READ MORE: Agyness Deyn Just Gave Us Serious Wedding GoalsREAD MORE:  Laura Jackson Chooses Designer Of The Moment Rejina Pyo For Her Wedding DayREAD MORE:  Pippa Middleton's Wedding In Pictures© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I have happy memories in River Island. Back in the Noughties, it was my go-to place for big belts, bug-eye glasses and jeans with diamante encrusted pockets (sidenote: when the hell are these making a comeback?) - and unlike many of our fave 2000s hangouts (Miss u, Jane Norman and La Senza), it’s still very much a thing today.When I think of River Island, I think of sparkles and huge, huge heels. This is a good thing, obviously, and it still very much keeps to its roots (see look 4), but RI’s also something of an unexpected frontrunner in everything from party season to workwear staples. Here are our top picks.River Island, Cream Mixed Stitch Fringe Cable Knit Jumper, £45; River Island, Beige Brushed Ribbed Jersey Joggers, £30These trousers were VERY comfy. Suspiciously comfy. Am I about to unknowingly buy pyjamas, rock up to work in them, only to be mocked for my faux pas? To be honest, they’re so comfy I don’t even care. And, it wouldn’t be the first time I’ve gone to work in my PJs.River Island, Black Chain Trim Baker Boy Hat, £18; River Island, Red Check Frill High Neck Dress, £48I’m the sort of person who generally looks like an overgrown pea in a hat (the beanie trend was a tricky, tricky time), but I found myself almost enjoying this one. Who knew 2017 Bella Hadid meets 2010 Jenny Humphrey from Gossip Girl could be such a look?River Island, Red Colour Block Oversized Puffer Coat, £90; River Island, Black Cropped Flared Jeans, £40What is this? A coat? A piece of material vaster than the ocean and hotter than the sun? I’ve never experienced such a warm coat, and those of you who are ALWAYS BITTERLY COLD (same) will bloody love it. The coat has the added bonus of being red, which you’ve prob noticed is very in right now. But, TBH, I’d wear this coat even if it was the colour of dirt. It’s that darn cosy.River Island, Green Mermaid Chainmail Halter Cowl Neck Top, £25; River Island, Black Molly Reform Jeggings, £40Good Lord, would you just LOOK at this outfit? I could write a dissertation on the shoes alone. I’ve been secretly wanting to wear chainmail ever since Kendall Jenner’s 21st (I saw her Instagram pic, I wasn’t there), but have put it off for fear I’d look like a dick.  My first thought was, ‘Yep! I look like a dick!’, but after a few selfies, I was feelin’ maself.River Island, Petite Grey High Neck Cable Knit Jumper, £40; River Island, Black Cropped Flared Jeans, £40If you don’t go to work at least three times a week in a turtleneck and plain black trousers during winter, you’re doing life very wrong (or you’re just less lazy than me). I’ll probably be wearing a variation of this outfit from now until around May next year.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:My Quest To Find Cute Workwear Appropriate For Even The Strictest Of OfficesWe Tried On AW17 Toyshop Before It Hit The RunwayThe Best Straight Leg Jeans To Wear With A Going Out TopFollow Polly on Instagram @pollyforeman This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We've teamed up with Whistles to offer you the chance to win a personal shopping experience at your preferred Whistles store, with £1000 to spend on Whistles new collection. Bespoke to your needs - whether you are looking for the perfect occasion look or want to build a capsule work wardrobe, our expert personal shopper will create a styling solution for any purpose.This season, Whistles encapsulates an intelligent sense of design with timeless and luxurious pieces. The Autumn/Winter 2017 collection is full of clothes that can take you anywhere. If you need to effortlessly transition between business in the city to weekend wilderness, this collection will make your life much easier. Understated yet cool, throw-on but never throwaway – Whistles helps you with easy, real life dressing.To enter, simply fill in your details below. Don’t forget to read the terms and conditions.TERMS AND CONDITIONS: The prize is a personal styling appointment with £1,000 to spend on full-price merchandise in Whistles. Competition opens Tuesday 24 October and ends on Monday 30 October at midnight. Entries received before the start date or after the end date will be invalid. Participants must be 18 or over. The winner must book their appointment/redeem their prize within 1 month of being notified of winning. The prize may not be substituted for cash or any other products. If Whistles has not been able to contact the winner within 14 days they reserve the right to offer the prize to another entrant. Appointment must be booked at a Whistles store. If £1000 value is not spent on the day of the appointment the remaining value will be loaded onto a Whistles gift card which can be spent within any Whistles store (not online) within one year. Travel to chosen Whistles store is not included within the prize. Prize value cannot be redeemed on Whistles Wedding collection or sale stock. Whistles may use your data to update you on who has won, future competitions, and information on new collections, product, and promotions we think may be of interest. View Whistles' privacy promise here. You can unsubscribe at any time by selecting unsubscribe at the bottom of our e-mails.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Vogue has called this trend ‘Dadcore’, but considering how many women we saw touting it at London Fashion Week we’re inclined to think of it through a more feminine lens. Though the double-breasted blazer may have roots in menswear, this season it’s got girl boss written all over it.Unlike its masculine counterpart, this winter’s checked blazers are not intended to be worn with matching trousers as a suit. Though they have the natural inclination to add a sartorial smartness to even the most revealing of outfits it’s only extra incentive to play with the juxtapositions a piece of tailoring creates. For instance, take a leaf out of Kim Kardashian’s books and wear a blazer with a tummy-skimming bandeau top and sheer leggings. Or, follow the Paris Fashion Week crowd’s lead and team it with skinny jeans, a band tee and heavily-loved Converse. The beauty of this new IT item is that it's actually affordable as the high-street has dutifully created a handful of options starting at just £35. See you at checkout!Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In partnership with River Island.Grazia's Fashion Editor, Gemma Hayward, predicts that slick 'Harlem chic' will become a major trend for AW/17: "This trend is as effortlessly cool as the girl that would wear it – mixing stonewash wide-legged denim, slogan tee’s and oversized knits – all with a nod to the nineties." Feeling inspired by singer Anne-Marie's urban look in the I AM Anne-Marie show with River Island on 4Music, Gemma's whipped up 3 different looks you can rock yourself...Jumper, £45; Skirt, £35; Bag, £30; Heels, £45; Earrings, £12; all from River Island.Coat, £85; T-Shirt, £22; Jeans, £40; Heels, £50; Bag, £75; Earrings, £10; all from River Island.Jeans, £42; Coat, £75; Jumper, £30; Heels, £40; Bag, £30; Earrings, £10; all from River Island.Shop these Anne-Marie inspired looks at River Island. Plus, to be in the chance of winning a £1,000 voucher from River Island, enter our competition here!READ MOREHow To Wear The Straw Bag You Bought This Summer In WinterWhat A Fashion Editor Secretly Carries With Her At Milan Fashion WeekMilan Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROW© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever wondered how a Kardashian’s outfit would look on someone size 16? New York-based Instagrammer Katie Sturino who goes by the handle ‘The12ishstyle’ is here to answer that very question. With her own brand of humour and body confidence, she recreates celebrity looks seemingly without an ounce of anxiety. And, guess what? She looks great! Like a living, breathing motivational quote, she takes the fear out of fashion.Not only is she a social media juggernaut in her own right, but Sturino is also ‘gram star The Fat Jew’s (aka  Josh Ostrovsky) ex-wife and publicist. Basically, this woman knows her way around the internet and she’s using it to promote as she puts it (in American speak), ‘Style for the size 12ish-18ish girls living in a size 2 world’. Her series #supersizethelook places her side-by-side with a celeb in a near identical ensemble. It’s not about who looks better or pitting women-against-women, it’s a simple and effective way of showing that we can all wear whatever the heck we want whether we’re petite or curvy, tall or short. Scroll forth and get inspired…Proof Gucci’s metallic pleated rainbow suits everyone!Everyone should offset the OTT-ness of sequins with an athleisure sweater.Glorious gingham spells holiday heaven regardless of your dress sizeHorizontal stripes are said to be the devil in disguise for anyone with a chest and curves, but Katie proves this is not the case!As Katie wrote: ‘You don't need flat abs to rock a sexy sporty look like this’.A white shirt dress and a khaki jacket is a combination rarely beaten.Sidestep the Gucci price tag and opt for Tory Burch’s slightly more affordable track pants.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s T-minus seven days until Stranger Things season two drops. This means two things: firstly, don’t expect to see or hear from us on the 27th October as we’ll be frantically binge watching. And, secondly, our favourite 13-year-old Millie Bobby Brown will be back on the campaign trail. Last season, Millie showed she was cooler and chicer than most adults with more famous pals and sass than we can ever dream of.Tween years are some of the most awkward. We think you’d agree. Between the cringe fashion statements (hello, Emo past) and the dire haircuts, 13 is rarely kind to anyone. Back when we were of that wee age one tween starlet was stealing the limelight: Emma Watson. At the time we thought she was the epitome of stylish. But, how does she measure up to the new breed of teens? While we don’t like to compare women (because that’s icky, outdated and cruel) but there is something anthropologically interesting to see how far tween-hood has come since the early days of the millennium…Life just isn’t fair, especially if your name is Emma Watson. When she walked the red carpet (or stone floor, in her case) as a 13-year-old, the idea that she'd have a full-on beauty entourage would have been an anathema. Fast forward over a decade and Millie was obviously pampered and preened so that she could own the Golden Globes carpet (even though she was one of the youngest attendees) in a silver sequined dress by Jenny Packham and Sophia Webster shoes.Not even 14 and Millie BB has fashion week locked down. Wearing a leather bomber and jeans she obviously knows that looking like you’ve made the least effort wearing ‘this old thing’ is the fastback to the front row. But we're less convinced by 2003 Watson's look: the handkerchief skirt, the glossy jacket and the heart-shaped pendant speaks for itself.Blame Pete Doherty as no one (Emma Watson and Kate Moss included) managed to escape the early 2000s without falling prey to a military jacket. That said, at least Watson saved the day with tiny gaudy Chanel studs. Millie took a different approach by tucking in a Western shirt.Something is very wrong in the world when a 13-year-old makes cowboy boots covetable. That said, with her slicked back hair and cool gaze we’re easily won over by Millie. However, Emma also hit the jackpot with a maxi cheongsam cream dress. If you forget about the pashmina for a second (it was the early Noughties after all), this looks like it walked right out of Alexa Chung’s fashion collection.Millie proved she has no time for kidswear in a black tulle Red Valentino dress embroidered with birds that cost £1,260. Comparatively, Emma showed her dedication to coordination with this camo shirt dress and trousers. You have to forgive Watson though as this was 2003 when Maharishi was peak cool, and everyone thought it was totally acceptable to wear a dress over trousers.Back when Madonna was getting excommunicated from the Church (again) there was nothing more rebellious than donning a crucifix. Nowadays, the most badass way to accessorise is to wear a curiously difficult pair of sunnies à la Bella Hadid or Millie Bobby B.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Micro bags may be small, but when it comes to style they are mighty. Though IT accessories come and go these teeny tiny minaudière’s appear to be the one influencer-approved trend that’s here to stay. Though we’ve had season upon season of seeing these adorable trinkets attached to the arms of front row attendees, we’re still scratching our heads about how they fit their lives into such miniature surroundings.Admittedly, the more capacious the holdall, the more we find to fill it. Take, Louis Vuitton’s generous ‘Neverfull’ tote, for instance, we bet it would end up reaching capacity in our hands as there are always books, magazines, combs, business cards and make-up bags that seem like they need to be within reach at all-time. Hence, the fundamental dilemma of packing a petite malle - how does a woman with work to be getting on with and daily deeds to be done get through a full day of living life with only a matchbox of space available to fill?Aspinal The Mini Trunk Clutch, £450Tom Ford Lipstick, £29Clean Reserve Warm Cotton Travel Spray, £20Prada sunglasses, £425READ MORE: The One Accessory You Want In Miniature This SeasonREAD MORE: The Rise of The Affordable ‘It’ Bag: The 21 Best Designer Bags Under £500READ MORE: Why The New 'It' Buy Is Not An 'It' Bag© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Japanese designer label, Thibaut, debuted its Spring/Summer 2018 collection at Amazon Fashion Week in Tokyo recently, and one model was seen wearing a nude bodysuit, New Balance trainers, and these, um, ‘thong jeans’...What is going on?To understand how ridiculous they are, I think you really just have to see them for yourself. They’re basically jeans with nothing left of them, apart from the seams. They have pretty much no back at all apart from a thin strip of denim, they look like some kind of safety hazard, and no one in their right mind would EVER wear them.Topshop’s weird ‘window’ jeans look pretty tame now in comparison, don’t they?They look highly impractical, and the comments from elderly relatives just don’t bear thinking about. A Harpers Bazaar writer commented, 'Yes, thong jeans now exist and if you'll excuse me, I'm off to start my official Make Jeans Whole Again campaign'.The thong jean – ‘jong’? - is not available to buy just yet, but may be coming to stores next year. We can’t see them flying off the shelves if we're honest with you.I look for comfort and, you know, some level of warmth from my jeans.  The flimsy cage left from this uber distressed denim is the least practical thing I have ever laid eyes on.WATCH NOW! A History Of Fashion Week:Thibaut’s jean creation has certainly raised a few raised eyebrows, but Tophsop have also come out with some unconventional styles in the past, like the totally clear jeans which were just totally bizarre, and the window jeans.After the clear jeans came out, Topshop's head of design Mo Riach told Elle, 'We want to disrupt. We want to do something that will get people talking,'. Riach added, 'It's a positive thing. Debate and discussion is a positive thing, and we have our customers coming to our site as a result of that.'It’s like the fashion version of click bait, and we are so not here for it.Like this? You might also be interested in:10 New Jeans That Will Make Your Butt Look Amazing9 Ways To Rock Mom Jeans That Will Make You Want To Buy All The Mom JeansExperts Reveal: How To Spot A Trend (Before Everyone Else)Follow Millie on twitter: @milliehurst_This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The phrase practical fashion sounds like an oxymoron. It certainly conjures up an unsightly image of trousers that convert into shorts, of waterproofs that stuff into zip-lock pockets and itchy, scratchy uniforms. But, for the modern woman to navigate the world without looking like a weighed down bag lady it is imperative she embraces the concept. Before you wince, practical fashion can be stylish.More often than not an essential workday item, like a Mac Book Pro laptop can be the last thing factored into an outfit. This is why having a versatile capacious holdall that’s roomy enough for toting around tech can be the saving grace of an on-duty look. When you’ve got emails pinging in at 10-a-second and a meeting to chair in under an hour you’ll be thankful to not have to spend the next 20minutes digging around for a tired canvas tote to lug your laptop around in. Fast-track to practical fashion with these 15 stylish handbags…15 Stylish Handbags That Can Fit A Macbook Pro 2of15READ MORE: The Cross Body Bags Your Wardrobe NeedsREAD MORE: Meet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The MomentREAD MORE: The Best Basket Bags To Buy Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With the launch of Erdem’s collaboration with H&M drawing closer, the fast fashion institution held a soiree in Los Angeles last night. Inviting only the most stylish of the Hollywood community, the brand hosted the likes of Rashida Jones, Zendaya, Kristen Dunst and Kate Mara. As per the usual script of these events the guests attended dressed head-to-toe in the latest collection. But, don’t discount it as yet another swishy, paparazzi-covered celebrity get-together, because this was an important moment to see the new range out in the wild. To wit, Alexa Chung notably hopped to the West Coast to show us Londoner’s how a Brit will wear the new collection.WATCH: Alexa Chung's Style EvolutionAlexa’s brand of styling has gained her legendary IT girls status alongside the likes of Kate Moss and Jane Birkin. Everyone put together a pair of jeans and a pleasant t-shirt but these three women, though separated by generations, have a knack for turning the seemingly simple into the inspiration. Hence, why we need to pause and appreciate Alexa’s outfit for the Erdem x H&M fashion show. Where some of the guests (no, we won’t name-names) felt the need to layer jumpers over dresses, add mounds of accessories and generally over-complicate their ensemble, Alexa understood the power of restraint. She chose a sequined black midi slip dress, which is personally one of our favourite items from the forthcoming range, which is available from 2nd of November. Where the model who presented the look on the runway teamed it with dark eyeshadow, slicked back hair and natty socks, Alexa chose a softer look with Rita Hayworth curls, courtesy of hairstylist Gregory Russell, and a slick of crimson lipstick à la Marilyn Monroe.The collection is being touted as a distillation of designer Erdem Moralioglu’s greatest hits. Boasting a fan base as varied as the Duchess of Cambridge and Chloe Moretz, the London-based label has a knack for creating ultra-feminine clothes that insist on couture-levels of craftsmanship. It is this catwalk vocabulary that makes the H&M collection so alluring. How was Erdem, a brand known for craftsmanship and precious fabrics, going to recreate his catwalk magic for a high street shopper? Rather than watering down the aesthetic, the man behind the clothes has taken the opportunity to explore new territory. For instance, Erdem Moralioglu introduced menswear, tailoring and hoodies.Kirsten Dunst showed us how to do pyjama chic in a matching set of chocolate and blue floral print PJs. H&M x Erdem2of5Kirsten Dunst showed us how to do pyjama chic in a matching set of chocolate and blue floral print PJs. Kate Bosworth went for high-octane glamour in a princessy dress with full floral printed skirt.Zendaya channelled the Sixties in a full skirt with floral print, chic blue knit sweater and beehive hairstyle.Newlywed Kate Mara opted for a Victorian-style floral printed dress, one of Erdem's signature styles.Selma Blair went gothic in a black lace gown with high neck and pleated cuff details.READ MORE: Buy Queen Letizia Of Spain's Zara Dress HereREAD MORE: Hailey Baldwin Proves Cycling Shorts May Be More Wearable Than We Thought© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While fashion editors are meticulous in what they wear, they aren’t wholly original. For there is one brand and one specific dress that seems to have caught the eye of at least half of London’s best-dressed women.Though we like to think of the style set as adventurous with their clothes it seems a little black frock, specifically Kitri’s Myrtha Midi Shirt Dress, has become a big deal in the influencer world of late. A quick scroll through Instagram and you’ll see it popping up on some of our favourite feeds.WATCH NOW: Fashion Heavyweights on Why British Fashion Is GreatBut, what makes this dress so special? Kitri, inspired by history, tailored this knee-grazing cotton sateen dress with exaggerated bell sleeves and fashioned it with ruched panels, a nipped-in waist and a striking double ring exposed zip.Founded by Haeni Kim, online-shop Kitri fills a gap in the market for fast-ish, affordable-ish fashion. Readily likened to Finery and Cos, it caters to a sophisticated customer who wants classics with a twist that while not dirt cheap they don’t break the bank either. For instance, shirts come with puffed sleeves, and silk dresses have elegant cross-body wait ties all come in at under £200. The brand is confident with colour and print but not so bold it’s difficult to wear.This cult Myrtha dress is a perfect example of what Kitri does best. On the surface, it looks simple, yet its quality and cut means it suits a variety of body shapes. It can be dressed up for a party, or down for work, which might explain why the £105 item has already sold out (worry not, there is a waitlist already underway so hopefully more stock will be dropping soon!)READ MORE: Chrissy Teigen's Revolve Collection Is HereREAD MORE: How Harvey Weinstein Got His Tentacles Into The Fashion IndustryREAD MORE: WTF Do I Wear To A 'Casual' Autumn Wedding?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While music merchandise has always had an aura of cool, this has never been the case for TV merch. To wit, Rihanna’s collaboration with Puma and Kanye’s Yeezy concert tees are a direct contrast to the geeky glow of television’s action figure hoarders. However, this is the case no more. From Netflix’s Stranger Things logo slapped on t-shirts by both Louis Vuitton and Topshop and designers buying wholesale into The Handmaid’s Tale aesthetic, I think it’s safe to say this is the dawn of a new merch era.Over the summer New York-based label Vaquera collaborated with Hulu, the makers of the dystopia TV show based on Margaret Atwood’s novel. Though the collection was not intended for sale, only to make an artistic statement about oppression, it touched closely on key trends for this autumn. A story of female disempowerment and rank conservatism may seem like an odd topic for a brand that plays with queering ideas of representation and fashion. Yet, the show’s haunting design has seemingly resonated with more brands than you’d think.It was costume director Ane Crabtree who was tasked with bringing color and shape to The Handmaid’s Tale’s dark vision. She offered red, the color of passion, menstruation and rebellion as the palette for the oppressed Gilead women and a rich sky blue for the powerful wives of the commanders. These technicolor uniforms are starkly contrasting to the patterned separates that the characters are seen wearing in flashback scenes. Crabtree washes away individuality and replaces it with a modest, high-neck, long-sleeve, ankle-reaching uniform.Crabtree’s vision of the a patriarchal nightmare has surfaced as a political statement. Earlier this year, the women behind the Naral Pro-Choice Texas march protested anti-abortion rules while dressed as Handmaids. Similarly, in Missouri back in May, another anti-abortion group rallied while wearing red-and-white costumes. Likewise, students in Iowa gathered in scarlet costume to draw attention to a new law that forces women to wait 72hours before deciding to and having an abortion.WATCH NOW: Most expensive dresses in history Obviously, Crabtree’s designs struck a nerve in this current political climate. But, nor just with protestors, the fashion community have taken note. Sartorial trends are said to put a magnifier up to society and it’s subliminal shifts, which is certainly the case with the autumn winter 2017 collections. The tectonic plates of fashion have shifted and a new, conservative client has bubbled up.While miniskirts and body-con will always have its place, more and more frequently the catwalk has come to showcase knee-length and longer dresses, sleeves that fall to the wrist and necklines that barely reveal a collar bone. The work of Emilia Wickstead, Rejina Pyo and Phoebe Philo’s Céline come to mind as instant examples. For spring summer 2018 Vera Wang took it one step further, creating a collection that showed models shield from the cameras by white bonnets, like that of Offred and her Handmaiden peers. These labels present an anti-Kardashian vision that crystallizes concepts of modesty with power.In the past ‘modest’ has been a byword for pious fashion. It’s been twinned with the idea of covering up for religious reverence, however in recent months it’s become a way of describing the elegant sophistication of hemlines that are tugged to the floor and necklines that don’t plunge.At the Met Gala, the event which is commonly considered the Oscars of fashion, the red carpet teamed with dresses of this calbire. This was illustrated by Katy Perry who donned scarlet Maison Martin Margiela, Felicity Jones in pale blue Erdem, Karen Elson and Sarah Paulson. But, it was at the Academy Awards itself that the trend showed traction. Ruth Nega appeared in a fire engine red Valentino gown that barely showed a morsel of skin, which was a look mirrored by Dakota Johnson in Gucci, Jessica Biel in Kaufman Franco, Ava DuVernay in Ashi Studio and Ginnifer Goodwin in Zuhair Murad.With the female body still seen as a commodity by many, the decision to cover up feels political. It’s as if fashion designers have colluded to decide that there is a new language and it spells independence with a long skirt.READ MORE: Elisabeth Moss Defends Scientology After Fan Compares It To 'The Handmaid's Tale'READ MORE: The Handmaid's Tale: 2017's Most Talked-About TV ShowREAD MORE: Elisabeth Moss Had A Secret Feminist Message Hidden In Her Emmys Outfit© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Phoebe Philo – the woman credited with transforming the fortunes of once floundering fashion house Celine – may now be leaving the brand after 10 years. Despite denials from LVMH, the conglomerate that owns Celine, anonymous sources have claimed that interviews are already taking place to find a replacement for the exiting designer. Potential front-runners include current Celine employee Michael Rider, as well as Victoria Beckham’s design director Ilaria Icardi.  Philo joined the luxury fashion house in 2008, after previously honing her pared back aesthetic at Central Saint Martins before working under Stella McCartney’s tutelage at Chloe. She took a break from fashion for a few years in 2006 to concentrate on raising her young family following her second pregnancy before joining Celine in 2008. Her reign at the brand has outstripped many of her contemporaries at other fashion houses, which have seen tumultuous changes over the past few years. Since she took the helm at Celine she has been lauded for creating clothing that women really want to wear, from streamlined silhouettes to chic separates, and has been responsible for designing best-selling It bags that have raised the brand’s profile even further. It’s currently a favourite with the street style set, as well as A-listers including Rihanna, Reese Witherspoon and Miranda Kerr.READ MORE:  This Tights Advert Showing A Woman's Back Has Been Banned From The TubeREAD MORE: Chrissy Teigen's Revolve Collection Is Here© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It started with a Facebook notification, as all great love - sorry, internet - stories do. A friend of a friend of a friend had tagged me in a post. Intrigued (I mean, who gets legit FB notifications anymore?), I clicked that devilish red bulletin quicker than you could say 'disco tits', only to discover that my actual tits were sprawled all over the pages of - wait for it - Lad Bible.'This Nipple Fashion Craze Is Completely Ridiculous', the headline read. (Ridiculous?! Rude.) And then another: 'Latest Nipple Craze Shows Fashion Has Gone Too Far', courtesy of UniLad. (If by 'too far' you mean 'not far enough' then we are in agreeance.) And then another! 'The Newest Craze 'Glitter Nipples' Is The Hottest Waste Of Time Yet'; at least that's according to Crave Online. (I guess 'hottest' waste of time is better than a straight-up waste of time?) And then, lo and behold, another: 'Are YOU brave enough to rock glitter nipples?' Affirmative, MailOnline.Confused? Allow me to provide some backstory. Cue dream sequence music...It was the summer of 2K16 and I was living the high life, sprawled on a daybed poolside in Mykonos (v cliche, I know), gorging on Caitlin Moran (the works; not the woman) and debating the appropriateness of deploying the titty equivalent of dropping trou among an intimate gathering of fellow day bed-ers. There were five couples in total, each as sickeningly golden as the next, and they were clad in intricate cossies and thigh-clinging trunks. Could I drop top in front of these people? Would that be weird? It was a pretty private poolside situation but did the intimacy make going topless all the more strange? After throwing my boyfriend's bare nipples a dirty look (you carry on lapping up that Vitamin D, guys), I returned to the safety of our apartment and lamented the unfairness of it all. And that's when it hit me! A shard of light temporarily blinded my sweaty eyeball, and my gaze was drawn to the source: a pair of gold nipple tassels I'd stashed on the shelf, intended to be worn with a sheer dress later that eve. Could I...?! Should I...?! Oh, fuck it... I SHALL! I plastered those sequin tassels to my tits and gleamed with delight at my newly upgraded nipples. 'Majestic!', I thought. 'I look fucking MAJESTIC.'It was the beginning of a beautiful friendship and the dawning of a new hashtag: #discotits. With my head held high and my nipples held higher (thanks, adhesive!), I strode back to the daybed and scoffed at my boyfriend's bare nipples. Ha! Pitiful! Enjoy your Vitamin D, you sequin-less schmucks! Naturally, I implored my boyfriend to photographically document my genius (read: boobs).It was this moment of sheer summer-born brilliance that sparked a moment of internet virality (that's a word, right?) and earned me short-lived notoriety as a proud purveyor of disco tits. In a sentence, I never thought I'd have reason to type: my 32a's were the talk of the town! Whodathunkit! When they weren't openly dismayed at the size of the rack presented to them (sorry, lads), the commenters varied from gals screaming 'YAAAAAAAAAS!' through the keyboard to bemused onlookers stating that my tits weren't 'their cup of tea but each to their own'. Polite enough, I guess.But that's not all! Oh no, no. My fifteen minutes also served as a springboard for something even more brilliant: a collaboration with long-time disco tits enthusiast (not her official title, although it should be) Ruth Melbourne. Together we set about serving up Swarovski-covered nipple pasties and slammin’ jewellery for every appendage. Maybe you're in the market for a pair of bedazzled boobs. Maybe you fancy throwing your ankles a pendent party. Maybe you see star-spangled body chains in your future. Maybe your neck is crying out for a crystal choker. Whatever your predilection, we’ve got your back (and your neck, and your boobs, and so on and so forth.)Describe the collection in three words, you say? 'Add to basket'. Now please go forth and enjoy the embellished fruits of our labour. Maybe you'll end up going viral, too.Main image courtesy of Ruth Melbourne/Daisy Keens by Rich BarrLiked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Daisy on Instagram @pieandfashThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s safe to say that New York’s Bridal Fashion Week, which recently came to a close, is just as trend-driven as NYFW. Though there are fewer shows to see and the majority of the collections are white, or at least presented in a cream derivative, the two events have one common theme: a dedication to newness. Though wedding dresses and ready-to-wear exist on different fashion planets, there was one crossover trend that bubbled to the fore for autumn. Perhaps mirroring designers like Rejina Pyo, Sies Marjan and Saint Laurent who promoted the look during their autumn winter 2017 catwalk shows, bridal brands like Marchesa, Lela Rose and Dennis Basso for Kleinfeld showed gowns with long lean sleeves. Bridal Fashion Week 20171of8As if all the designers had held a covert conversation, there was an overwhelming movement towards showing stunning yet conservative ivory dresses. It marked a shift away from the lingerie-inspired lace dresses of the last few seasons that looked like strands of lace barely pinned together. Instead of risqué cuts, the leading names of the season showed silhouettes that covered wrists, shoulders and ankles. Stark in contrast, but equally striking as gorgeous embroidery, appliqué and delicate lace was invoked for texture and tactility. Georgina Chapman’s Marchesa moved the past summer's off-the-shoulder trend forward with a textured gown with a Bardot neckline. While Lela Rose opted for a beautifully simple boatneck design that tapered at the wrist with covered silk buttons. And, Naeem Khan played peek-a-boo with lace and tulle that modestly revealed and concealed the model’s physique using tactically placed embroidery. Similarly, Canary Island-based labels PalmasFor winter brides and Ogadenia used sheer beaded or lace panels when creating their long-sleeved designs. For winter brides and those less keen on their arms, this will come as welcome news.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are certain trends that get everyone talking, but we just assume you need a healthy trust fund to afford. But, that’s not actually the case as New Look is fashioning some of the hottest items of the season for well under £100.As payday is looking pretty far away right now, this story goes out to all the cash, not credit girls. As we speak (type/read) New Look is selling dresses to yearn for and sweaters to fall for and jackets to dream about. Their autumn winter 17 collection has something for everyone as there’s going out-out dresses and staying-in sweats, heels you can walk in and flares that say ‘I mean businesses’. To make your life a tad easier we’ve hit ‘see all’ on the website and edited it down to just 11 pieces you need to see to believe.  The trick is to click ‘add to cart’ immediately as high street this cool doesn't hang around for long…You've been warned!Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Fiorucci Pieces We’d Do Bad Things For11 Chic Maje Pieces That Have Parisian Girl Style Locked Down9 Breton Top’s To Make Your Ride Or DieFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Who else woke up with that back-to-school feeling in their bones today? It’s the first Monday of September and This Morning is back on our screens after a seven-week summer break. You might be mourning the slow fade of your tan and the even slower march to winter, but many will be celebrating the return of daily wardrobe inspiration in the form of Holly Willoughby. The TV presenter, who has 5.7 million Instagram followers, is cut from the same cloth as Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle when it comes to pushing product. She’s so brilliant creating sell-outs, in fact, that her nickname is ‘Holly Will-you-buy’.Her collaboration with British institution M&S for her ‘Holly Loves’ collection was a typically savvy move. The latest 15-piece edit dropped in July, with utility overalls, linen shorts, printed shirt dresses, cowboy boots and T-shirts starting from £4.50, and was trend-led but, crucially, right for women IRL. You only need to join Holly’s 5.7 million-strong Instagram following, or search the hashtag #hwstyle, to know that she, along with stylist Angie Smith, is masterful at the high-low mix. Take today’s back-to-work outfit - a blossom-printed minidress by Oasis - still available online for £48 - and barely-there sandals from Stuart Weitzman. So what other lessons can we learn from the nation’s favourite clothes horse? A hint of leopard is all it takes to brighten up the school run - Holly dropped youngest son Chester off for his first day at school before heading to work (bless) - you can’t go wrong with a square neckline and wearing head-to-toe colour like Holly in a lilac sweater and skirt combo will always get a big tick. See? September’s doesn’t seem so bad after all. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby Posted An Emotional Instagram About Her Youngest Son's First Day At School© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Confession time: I don’t know how to work my boiler, but I love a boilersuit. As it turns these two things aren’t related. I’m sure I’m part of some millennial cliche about all look and no practical skills, but there is something deeply alluring about the extreme functionality of overalls.If you already love dungarees, it won’t be long until you love boilersuits too. Why? For they also have deep pockets and give you that full-body swaddled sensation. Wearing one feels like pulling on an adult-sized baby-gro, but a lot less ridiculous.Boilersuits are peak utility. This blue-collar favourite has roots in the army. During World War II the military called them ‘siren suits’, which if you ask me is an awfully cute name for something worn by the men who fed the coal-fired boilers. Nowadays, they’ve bridged the gender gap and come in far sweeter colours, like pink and cream, but they’ve kept their ease, warmth and practicality. Think of them as a utilitarian twist on a playsuit.Tell your separates to watch their back as these 11 boiler suits need to meet your wardrobe ASAP.Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Fiorucci Pieces We’d Do Bad Things For11 Chic Maje Pieces That Have Parisian Girl Style Locked Down9 Breton Top’s To Make Your Ride Or DieFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Call me a basic bitch and offer me a pumpkin spice latte in a pink, diamante travel mug, but any clothing range with a pouty Kate Moss plastered on their posters every bus stop and motorway junction, I want in. I was in when I had to elbow my way into a crowded Topshop seven years ago to hopefully nab a £100 dress the timeless model championed at her launch and I’m definitely in, now that Slavic label Reserved has opened a branch in the UK (Oxford Street, ICYWW) with Kate Moss as their dazzling face.So, what does Reserved look like on a normal (?!) human being who doesn’t survive on a diet of cigarettes, champagne and cute boys?  Let’s just say it’s 50 shades of grunge, baby. If you needed another reason to check out the new in section, here are six.Reserved, Aviator eco-leather jacket, £59.99; Reserved, ReDesign dress with lace bottom, £39.99This monochrome, goth-meets-athleisure ensemble probably shouldn’t work, but oh, it so does! The shearling jacket so oversized I could fit a small pack of wolves inside. The midi dress with just the right amount of flirty lace on the hem. The white trainers are so bright it would make Kylie Jenner’s metallic lip kits look ‘meh’. Outfit goals, wouldn't you say?Reserved, Eco-leather dress, £34.99; Reserved, Boots with velvet shoelaces, £29.99I’m not going to lie to you, dear reader, because I can tell you are here for some straight up fashion #inspo but, I didn’t like this dress at first. Nuh huh honey! Shirley from Eastenders called and she wants her frock back. But, after taking it off the hanger and actually trying it on, I am a convert. The puffball sleeves and the way it clinched me in the waist twould have Gok Wan hysterically crying with utmost joy. I’ll have ten of them, please.Reserved, ReDesign scarf, £12.99; Reserved, ReDesign wool coat, £109.99; Reserved, Wide leg trousers with side straps, £29.99, Reserved, Red velour shoes, £29.99This ladies and gentlemen is my winter 2017 aesthetic. DON’T COPY ME, OKAY. I’m wearing the modern-day equivalent of the Juicy Couture velour tracksuit and I can't stop looking down.  These trouser are the comfiest things in the whole world and despite me, essentially wearing a football scarf, I also feel like I have my shit together. Like I can go through my day knowing I am protected against all elements and am looking mighty babein' in the process.Reserved, Printed sweatshirt, £14.99; Reserved, Silver envelope skirt, £17.99I wouldn't have normally clash an oversized, tomboy sweatshirt with a metallic mini skirt, but I also said I'd never be the kind of person who would order quinoa in a restaurant through sheer choice, but we often surprise ourselves don't we? This jumper is my favourite thing from of the entire edit ss its sleeves are so fabulously poofy and it's just the right amount of cropped. An absolute bargain, too.Reserved, ReDesign wool coat, £109.99; Reserved, Eco-leather trousers, £19.99If you had to describe my outfit you'd probably say 'chic', 'cool' and 'she definitely doesn't bumble into meetings spilling mugs of tea over her laptop' (I DO). I think it's very Harry Styles, which can never be a bad thing, can it? I would recommend buying the leather trousers in a size up though, especially if you're planning on eating pasta.Reserved, Stripe dress, £29.99; Reserved, Patent-leather ankle boots, £24.99 I am loving the girly-to-effortless ratio, here. Also, I have found a dress that you can wear whenever you are bloated/hungover/it's a Monday and you want to look like you've tried a bit, which is frankly camp-out-at-your-computer-with-popcorn-and-a-litre-coke-bottle major. P.s the ankle boots are just sensational aren't they?Like this? Then you might also be interested in:My Quest To Find Cute Workwear Appropriate For Even The Strictest Of OfficesWe Tried On AW17 Toyshop Before It Hit The RunwayThe Best Straight Leg Jeans To Wear With A Going Out TopFollow Aimee on Instagram @a1meejakes This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With the wintery weather upon us and payday just around the corner, there's no better time to invest in a whole new wardrobe. And where best to start, than with the one thing we'll wear everyday come winter? A coat. Which knowing how erratic the British weather can be, we'll be needing anytime soon.And this week the high street saw outerwear drop, with everything from the trans-seasonal trench to the cosy teddy jacket. Haven't taken a look? Must be your obsession over the last of the summer sun but make sure to get in early and shop the drop before they sell out (and the cold hits).We've done the hard work for you with a round up of the trends you need to know about before you hit the high street...PVC and glossy vinyl fabrics were all over the catwalks last season (including Saint Laurent, Chloe and Lanvin), and one of the easiest ways to pay homage to the trend is via outerwear. Both practical and stylish, a vinyl coat is the perfect option for our unpredictable (read: rainy) weather.Move over millennial pink, there’s a new colour to obsess over: postbox red. The sartorial equivalent of a double espresso, the red coat will up brighten up any outfit (and your mood).Making peeling yourself out of bed in the morning approximately nine times easier, the teddy coat will keep you warm and cosy whatever the temperature. Choose a wearable soft beige or light grey shade and you’ll be able to wear it all winter long, and with any outfit.The classic trench is a perennial coat style that never dates. For a 2017 update look for a oversized relaxed fit and fresh colourways such as bottle green, charcoal or maroon.The oversized ‘boyfriend’ fit coat has been making waves the past few seasons, and seems to be going nowhere fast. Maybe it's the Diana influence but we're particularly loving an 80s inspired masculine coat in a grey check - a versatile and stylish addition to any wardrobe.So in spirit of the impending winter, shop the latest drop below:The utilitarian, military trend never seems to go out of fashion for autumn/winter, so why not invest in this double-breasted wool coat with silver buttons now and wear forever? Double-breasted wool coat, £119.99, Mangoaw17 coats2of10The utilitarian, military trend never seems to go out of fashion for autumn/winter, so why not invest in this double-breasted wool coat with silver buttons now and wear forever? Double-breasted wool coat, £119.99, MangoRed was one of the biggest colour stories on the autumn/winter 2017 catwalks so it's no surprise that many of us are wearing it in a big way. Not for shrinking violets. Lapels faux fur coat, £119.99, MangoThis long double breasted coat in autumnal orange is the perfect antidote to winter's dull, dreary days - injecting a little sunshine into your life with your wardrobe.Long double breasted coat, £179, ZaraVinyl was the only fabric to be seen in last winter, and its still lingering this season too. We love this belted Matrix-style number from Mango. Belt vinyl trench, £119.99, MangoTeddy-bear coats are a big trend this season, and frankly, we couldn't be more ecstatic. After all, wearing one is essentially like being wrapped up in a soft, warm cocoon.Borg Cocoon Coat, £79, TopshopPerhaps the 'It' coat of the season, we can't count the number of times we've seen this stylish grey check coat on our Instagram feeds. Checked Wool Coat, £79.99, ZaraWe're not sure if it's the pea-green hue of this coat, or the fact that it's made from wool and has a smart lapel, but it really reminds us of our school coat. Wool & Mohair Blend Long Coat, £165, &OtherStoriesWe're not sure if you've noticed, but there is a major check thing going on this autumn/winter. From the front row at the recent spring/summer 2017 shows, to the plethora of heritage print options on the high street, classic check coats are having a moment. Double-breasted cotton coat, £79.99, H&MA chic, black trench coat is a perennial wardrobe must-have, and especially an investment piece like this wool one from cool girl French label A.P.C. Bakerstreet wool-blend coat, £450, A.P.CThis funnel-neck coat from Topshop's directional designer brand Unique is certain to tick all the biggest trend boxes of the season, from military to check. Plaid bouclé-tweed trench coat, £79, Topshop UniqueREAD MORE: **13 Pompom Inspired Buys To Cheer Up Your Look**13 Pompom Inspired Buys To Cheer Up Your LookREAD MORE: **Happy Feet! 10 Must Have Loafers To Buy This Season**Happy Feet! 10 Must Have Loafers To Buy This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last season’s wacky denim is giving way to a trend we all know so well. For anyone that grew up in the early 2000s coloured trousers may bring on a case of PTSD, but approach this look with fresh eyes and you’ll see it’s still got a lot to give. For instance, it breathes new life into neutral knits and in many ways it's just as versatile as boring black trousers. Give these five tips a go and see if you don’t agree…Casting spell of co-ordination means Maria can make sky blue and two shades of burgundy work together. Yes, really. Her kick flares act like a palette cleanser between the royal purple of her blazer and the maroon of her shoes. Shouldn’t work, but does. Proof that anything is possible.Embrace your inner basic bitch B and dress like you’ve been drenched in tango. In other words, like Olive, wear your Orangina trews with an equally lurid tangerine top.Add a little sweetness to the strict cut of a tailored blazer with a pink trouser. Camille’s are velvet, which makes them doubly nice. As a side note, look how she’s made this summer’s It bag (i.e. the humble straw basket) work for winter. Nifty.A rustic looking wooly knit is the perfect antidote to a bright trouser. Downplay the zing of an orange pair with a neutral coloured jumper, like Jeanette.When in doubt, where one-colour head-to-toe even if it is ludicrously lurid. Naomi shows that acid green pleated trousers are effortless to wear when you have a matching spaghetti strap top. Noted.Liked this? You might also be interested in:6 Ways To Wear A Blazer You Brought Years Ago In 20174 Ways To Wear Flares That You Haven’t Thought Of5 New Ways To Wear What You Already Own (So You Don’t Have To Resort To Online Shopping)Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether she’s taking Trump down on Twitter or sharing adorable snaps of her family on Instagram, Chrissy Teigen is one of our favourite people. Naturally, we were therefore over the moon to hear that the model has teamed up with LA based fashion company Revolve to create her very own collection.The 36-piece line is dedicated entirely to Teigen’s area of expertise, partywear. After all, has Teigen ever put a sartorial foot wrong on the red carpet? We think not.Including a number of dresses (we’ve got our eye on the mini wrap style), flared trousers, knee high boots and evening-appropriate outerwear, this is a one-stop shop ahead of the upcoming party season.WATCH NOW: 15 times we LOVED Chrissy Teigen's outfits‘I wanted to create beautiful, classic pieces that are sexy yet comfortable. I also wanted to make sure the pieces were very versatile to be able to mix and match. The color palette in the collection is all neutrals in order to create that timeless look. It's all about being confident and feeling sexy!’ Teigen explained in a statement.With prices starting at around the £80 mark and going up to around £250, the range is also pretty affordable too.See all the pieces from the collection in the gallery below...CHRISSY TEIGEN REVOLVE2of12Shop the collection at revolve.comREAD MORE: Chrissy Teigen Gets Real About Giving Up AlcoholREAD MORE: Chrissy Teigen Makes The Case For Turbans While On Holiday In VeniceREAD MORE: Chrissy Teigen Got Real About Period Skin And We Love Her For It© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tights brand Heist Studios have been forced to change their tube advert that featured an image of a dancer leaping in the air showing her bare back.While the dancer in question is facing away from the camera and not showing her chest, Exterion Media, the company who work with Transport for London on tube billboard advertising, insisted that Heist Studios add a bandeau top to their image.In an email to Heist Studios’ Creative Director, Exterion Media explained that they were following TFL’s rules that stipulate ‘we cannot run topless models on the Underground.’‘Whilst I know this is only showing a bare back, it still depicts a “topless” model. If we could add a boob tube around the back I think this would be passed,’ Exterion’s email continued.WATCH NOW: 11 inspiring career quotesHeist Studios took to Twitter to share their dismay and the story rapidly spread alongside the hashtag #censoredbyTFL.‘We were told to cover up the offending area — her back. It’s bonkers. We were very excited about sharing our image of a strong, female dancer wearing our tights, especially since women’s underwear ads are usually so heavily sexualised, but it seems that the back of a female dancer is unacceptable,’ Ellie Howard, the head of community at Heist, said.When you compare this advert to other offensive billboards which often end up dominating our commute (for example, the Protein World ‘beach body ready’ campaign or the Victoria’s Secret ad featuring a line up of thin women with the ‘perfect body’), it seems totally ridiculous. After all, what about a woman's back is so objectionable? And we can’t help but think there is some serious double standards at play when you consider how often images of topless men appear in such adverts.READ MORE: Let's Change The Way We Talk About Women In PowerREAD MORE: On Philip Hammond's Train 'Joke': Casual Sexism Shouldn’t Be Treated CasuallyREAD MORE: This Czech Brewery's 'Beer For Her' Is Sexist And Patronising© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every so often, I buy a shirt. Like most of my misguided purchases, it usually happens as a result of temporary amnesia.For as long as it takes to clutch the shirt in the till queue, get my wallet out and pop my pin in, I forget all the times I’ve worn a shirt and regretted it. I forget I have boobs. I forget that collars never sit casually open on me, they always fall back into place, so I spend the whole day folding them out again like a nervous tic. I forget that it will never stay smoothly tucked into a skirt or trousers unless I actually staple it to my pants. I forget that I’m not, and probably never will be, French.Then I get it home, put the shirt on, and it all comes flooding back to me. So I roll it into a sad ball and bury it in the cotton graveyard at the back of my middle drawer where it immediately becomes too creased to ever wear again. For a while after this I will be trapped in a cycle; taking it out at increasing intervals, thinking ‘maybe today will be a shirt day!’, realising it is too creased to ever wear again, then immediately rolling it back up into a ball and shoving it back to the back of the drawer before it can make me too sad.If you’re wincing at this and yelling ‘but why would you keep a shirt in the back of a drawer you ANIMAL?’ then there is a strong chance you are a shirt person. Perhaps all of your shirts are stored on padded hangers in individual protective covers, or continually rotating on one of those dry cleaner carousels that you’ve had specially installed for the purpose. Maybe you radiate enough personal body heat that the creases drop out within minutes. Maybe you have a butler, I don’t know. But this is partly your fault – seeing you pass by in the street, all chic and crisply shirted, is the reason I keep falling into the same trap. You owe me, collectively, about £2,000 in unworn shirts.Even at school, where I was required to wear a shirt for eight years – 10,920 hours of my young life, according to some very ropey maths I just did – I never managed to be a shirt person. And I did that very ropey maths on my laptop calculator, not in my head, because apparently wearing a shirt never helped me retain academic information like it’s supposed to. It just made me extra aware of my neck for seven hours a day.There are many subtle, hard-to-define obstacles stopping me from being a successful shirt-wearer – and then there are the two biggest, less subtle obstacles on my chest. And I know what you’re thinking: ‘which is the biggest obstacle really, her boobs or her own self-confidence?’ But you’re wrong, it is definitely my boobs.When you’re an F-cup fashion-lover, you spend your days fighting The Gape like it’s a comic book supervillain. Your weapons are safety pins, double-sided tape, press studs or hook-and-eyes if you can be arsed to thread a needle. I’ve managed to conquer some button-down dresses and tops with Bondaweb, that amazing iron-on glue tape that just seals the whole thing shut, but obviously, that doesn’t work for everything because there’s the small matter of getting the thing on. And, off again. And so all too often, boobs lose (I refer you to genius Instagram account FashionvsBoobs for the extended adventures of The Gape).But even beyond The Gape, even if I were just a gaseous vapour instead of a human woman with a body, I worry there’s still something about me that just means I can never be a shirt person. It’s one of those epiphanies you have when you get older (and FYI I’m staring down the barrel of 30, so I am allowed to make these grandiose statements) which comes almost as a relief – like realising you can finally stop pretending to like tequila, or admit you never want to sleep in a tent again your whole life.Here are all the people I want to look like when I wear a shirt: Charlotte Gainsbourg, Jenna Lyons, Diane Keaton, Jennifer Grey in Dirty Dancing, Sienna Miller in Alfie, Alexa Chung in anything, a woman who has had a fantastic one night stand with a guy and is now making coffee in nothing but his shirt, Diane Lockhart from The Good Wife, Olivia Pope from Scandal, Patti Smith, Thelma and/or Louise, Sophia Coppola, David Bowie circa 1976, Veronica Corningstone from Anchorman, Jimi Hendrix, a teacher I once had in year nine, Uma Thurman in Pulp Fiction, a woman in her 60s who runs an upmarket ceramics boutique, Princess Diana.Here are all the people I do look like when I wear a shirt: a teenager doing their first work experience, a small-time fraudster attending a court hearing, a lady walking on the beach in an advert for bladder control aids, Susannah from Trinny & Susannah in a ‘what NOT to wear’ photo, Dawn from The Office, a waitress who can’t be bothered to buy a better uniform because she’s really an actress and just doing this until work picks up again, the sexy teacher from Busted’s What I Go To School For video, Sandi Toksvig.I’ve tried print, I’ve tried plain. I was alive last summer, so I’ve obviously tried embroidery. I’ve tried ruffles and fancy cuffs, I’ve tried crisp cotton and vintage silk. I’ve had the most success with wearing them open over things, like a lightweight jacket, or tying them up over things like a cowgirl, but even then I look back at photos forever afterwards and think ‘nice day, shame about the shirt.’ So that’s it, enough. No more shirts. I don’t need that kind of negativity in my life. And the shirt brigade can certainly do without me, slowing everyone down, and grumbling as they try to lead a board meeting or drink red wine in a window or smoke a cigarette enigmatically on a stoop. It’s best for everyone if we just part ways now, and I make peace with a shirtless future. I mean, a future without a shirt. I mean… You know what I mean.As I write this, there is a woman sitting next to me wearing a really beautiful shirt. It’s white, made from some kind of slinky, slightly sheer fabric and covered in a beautiful floral watercolour print. I fight the urge to ask her where she got it. ‘Good for her and her lovely shirt!’ I think, breathing in deeply and then exhaling slowly. The urge passes. ‘Good for her.’Liked this? You might also be interested in:How To Get To The End Of Summer Without Buying Any More StuffA First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAll The Clothes We Want To Wear Now From Coyote UglyFollow Lauren on Instagram @laurenbravoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...LA-based (and Taylor Swift favourite) Reformation is already the go-to label for clothing and accessories that are both sustainable and stylish. Now the brand is launching a sister line called Reformation Jeans, a 46-piece collection of jeans and other basics like t shirts and dresses.The manufacturing of denim uses vast quantities of water, and water is not something that's in great supply in California. Reformation will tackle this problem by using deadstock and more sustainable fabrics; as a result the amount of water needed (for single pair of jeans) will be reduced to 32 gallons from 1,500 gallons, and the brand will eliminate the use of toxic dyes (jeans are supposed to be one of the least environmentally friendly clothing items to produce).A new initiative called The Wet Program will aim to clean another thousand gallons of water for every pair of Reformation jeans purchased, starting with California's San Gabriel River - this will be in partnership with BEF and the National Forest Federation.Reformation's co founder Yael Aflalo says of her reason to tackle jeans: 'We all wear denim. It's one of the mainstays of most of our closets. And we don't expect that to change — so we wanted to tackle it head on. As with all of our clothing at Reformation, the denim line is inspired by vintage looks that celebrate the female form and make our customers feel sexy and confident'. She said 'We were inspired by classic, sophisticated It girls from the 50s, 60s and 70s, as well as supermodels from the 90s' and 'we basically referenced vintage pieces we love. We spent years researching, innovating and searching for our best eco-friendly version of denim possible'.Guilt free vintage-inspired jeans don't sound half bad to us, and the price points are lower than the label's main line, at from $28. You can pre order now, but the collection won't be available until the 23rd October.READ MORE: Vintage Fans, You'll Want Everything From Reformation's New CollectionREAD MORE: Reformation Is Here To Solve All Your Holiday Woes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kate Moss, Audrey Hepburn, Jane Birkin: all of these are socially sanctioned appropriately aspirational responses when asked to name your fashion muse. If I name-dropped one of those effortlessly well-dressed women as my own inspiration, though, I’d be lying: Tanya Turner, Footballers' Wives villainess extraordinaire and the undisputed First Lady of ITV’s fictional Premier League club Earls Park, is my one true style icon.For those in need of a refresher, Footballers’ Wives was the worst-best show on ITV in the early-to-mid Noughties, and the chain-smoking, eternally scheming and perma-tanned Tanya was the best-worst thing about it. This was a woman unafraid to disguise the paternity of her child by dosing said child in fake tan (ethical implications be damned). Who says things like ‘I’ve decided there’s only one man for me… Charlie.’ Who brings new heights to the term maximalist dressing and wore Jane Norman like it was Dolce & Gabbana. Because Footballers’ Wives is yet to find a home on a (legal) streaming site, its disastrous but iconic fashion hasn’t been properly celebrated. So, crystal embellished glass of (neat) vodka in hand, here’s our sartorial tribute to Tanya and her woefully dressed frenemies…There seemed to be more weirdly Dickensian catastrophes on Footballers’ Wives during its five-season run than actual Premier League fixtures (spontaneously combusting breast implants spring to mind…) When the writers did remember that they were ostensibly making a show about football, though, a match allowed Tanya to bring her unhinged sartorial ‘A’ game and assert her innate superiority over inferior WAGs (ie. Boring Donna from Bolton, a beige Colleen Rooney stand-in best described as an insult to northern women everywhere). Her endless wardrobe of spaghetti-strap slip dresses in dangerously flammable metallics looked Versace at a distance but Kookai close-up.If the ‘Rachel’ cut was the effortless ‘90s cut we all aspired to, the ‘Tanya’ was the ‘00s hairdo we never quite asked our hairdresser for, but still ended up leaving the salon with all the same: chunky peroxide highlights, shoulder-skimming in length and feathered to perfection, it’s the sort of style that necessitated the buying of those terrifying gas-canister portable straighteners (to blitz any texture or volume into submission). She eventually did a ‘Posh’ and supplemented her shorter cut for a mass of increasingly bouffant hair extensions, but it’s this power bob that means we remember Tanya as the Anna Wintour of Earls Park. Sort of.For Tanya, a day ‘off’ usually involved industrial amounts of vodka and coke (not the soft drink) and lighting up endless cigarettes like a perma-tanned Holly Golightly. All this down time called for a. swathes of pastel pink athleisure, ideally in velour and b. endless knitted sleeveless roll-necks, best worn with boot cut trousers. In leather. If that all seems a bit pedestrian, a bit Next Directory, then bear in mind that she’d almost always wear the entirety of Argos’ Elizabeth Duke jewellery range over the turtleneck in question. Revolutionary.Disclaimer: no Footballers’ Wives wedding – scratch that, no TV wedding – will ever compare to the season one nuptials of Chardonnay and Kyle, which featured a Sleeping Beauty bridal tableau, a dress that’s best described as Cinderella meets Big Bird and, inexplicably, a child singing that time-honoured wedding classic, ‘Walking in the Air’ from The Snowman. Still, let’s take a moment to appreciate the first of Tanya’s three wedding dresses, worn for her vow renewal with Jason in season one. Worthy of a guest appearance on Katie and Peter: The Next Chapter, it’s Little Bo Peep by way of Ann Summers, with gold embellishment in the shape of high heeled shoes (glam). The Noughties were a truly wild ride. On a side note, all three of Tanya’s husbands end up dying in mysterious circumstances.I doubt that Bella Hadid, appropriator of ‘90s and ‘00s style par excellence, has ever heard of Footballers’ Wives and yet she owes our Tanya so much – especially in the field of choker appreciation. In the later series, no TT appearance was complete without her wearing some form of neckwear dripping in diamantés, hair extensions pulled back into a skyscraper pony. Nearly 15 years later, Bella has trademarked a version of this particular genre of glamour. Admittedly, it’s a far classier version, but still…WAG or no WAG, animal print is a mainstay of many wardrobes, but no one could wear it with quite so much brassy appeal as Tanya. Her most iconic moment? When she turned up to a pool party in the same tiger print and diamanté monstrosity – complete with a fishtail train that’s also somehow pleated– as her love rival Amber, just to piss her off, pairing this nightmarish nighty of a dress with a single string of (more) diamantés and a GOLD CASIO WATCH.Images courtesy of footballerswives.tvThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If there's one coat we want hanging in our wardrobes this autumn/winter, it's the statement shearling. Not only does it look fab over almost any outfit, but you can wear it to dinner with mates, a hot date, and even a party! If you're not sure how to wear yours, watch our interactive video with Very below to get some styling inspo...Watch the interactive fashion video below:Shop the entire V by Very collection here.Like this? You might be interested in:3 Ways To Wear Chunky Knitwear So That You Never Have To Take Yours OffStyle Stories: Try Your Hand At Styling A Cosy KnitStyle Stories: Try Your Hand At Styling A Leather JacketFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Very.If there's one coat we want hanging in our wardrobes this autumn/winter, it's the statement shearling. Not only does it look great over almost any outfit, but it's suitable for a variety of occasions, too. If you're not sure how to wear yours, watch our interactive video with Very to get some major styling inspiration...Watch the interactive fashion video below:Shop the entire V by Very collection here.READ MORE3 Cool Ways To Wear A Cosy KnitThe One Coat You Need For Winter, Plus How To Style ItStyle Stories: Try Your Hand At Styling A Leather Jacket© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fresh reports are claiming that Harvey Weinstein's influence over Hollywood extended even further than originally thought, with some claiming that he promoted the success of his now estranged wife Georgina Chapman's fashion brand Marchesa by threatening A-listers who didn't wear it on the red carpet.According to the Hollywood Reporter, Weinstein would pressure actresses to wear his wife's brand, which helped transform it into a household name within three years of its launch. Stars who have worn it include Sienna Miller, who was reportedly coerced into wearing the brand for the Golden Globes in 2007 when she sat on Weinstein's table. She had apparently been considering other designers at the time.'He was the mastermind behind Marchesa — orchestrating deals and using his influence in terms of the celebrity connections for her on behalf of the brand,' a fashion publicist from LA told the online magazine.WATCH: Lily-Rose Depp's Best Red-Carpet MomentsJournalist Courtney Enrow first made the link in a piece for Pajiba in 2010, writing: 'The Harvey Girls are easily spotted. They are all very pretty, often in a rather generic sense. Their instant fame and the push behind them comes seemingly out of nowhere and without any justification in terms of resume or skill set. Most obviously, at least as of 2007, they are clothed exclusively in Marchesa on the red carpet.'Although Chapman has now announced her separation from her husband, it is thought that the association could still affect the brand, with one New York-based PR telling the Hollywood Reporter that: 'No star is ever going to want to wear the brand again'.The news comes after the New York Times' explosive expose last Thursday which saw several women claim that the famous movie mogul had behaved innappropiately towards them. Since then, more high profile actresses have come forward with their own stories of sexual harrassment, including Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, Cara Delevingne, Lea Seydoux and Romola Garai. Meanwhile various men who worked with Weinstein have spoken out against the producer, including Colin Firth, who described him as a 'frightening man to stand up to'.READ MORE: Donna Karan Sparks Controversy By Defending Harvey Weinstein © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Erdem is one of the most coveted and beloved brands on the London Fashion Week schedule. Known for its painterly floral prints, Victorian necklines and exquisite use of lace, it is a brand that we have been unable to find a high street alternative for... until now.With the highly-anticipated arrival of the Erdem x H&M collaboration on 2 November, we've final got access to Erdem's statement floral gowns for the first time. Inspired by English country gardens, the style of '90s music videos and even his father's coat, the eclectic and beautiful collection is a must-buy for anyone who's ever been a fan of the designer.WATCH: Fashion Heavyweights on Why British Fashion Is Great Recently, actress Emma Stone gave us our first sneak peek at the new collection, wearing a matching snowdrop print pyjama shirt and trousers made from black silk satin on US chat show Chelsea.Now we've got the full lookbook to ogle, too. There are sleeveless black pleated dresses, a multi-coloured jacquard dress with cutaways at the waist and fitted coats, plus evening gowns covered in sequins and wildflower print voluminous skirts. Essentially, it's a best-of collection, inspired by all of his early hits. We'll race you to the checkout.Click through the lookbook below to find out what you're going to want to buy on 2 November.Erdem x H&M - grazia2of10READ MORE: H&M Teams Up With Erdem For Latest Designer CollaborationREAD MORE: Emma Stone Gives Us A First Look At The H&M x Erdem Collaboration© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gucci has become the latest fashion house to ban all use of fur in its clothing and accessories. The move comes after a particularly active fashion week on the part of anti-fur campaigners, who targeted London shows with vigour this September, including Burberry. The move was announced by Gucci president and CEO Marco Bizzarri during a talk at the London College of Fashion on Wednesday.‘Being socially responsible is one of Gucci’s core values, and we will continue to strive to do better for the environment and animals,’ he said. ‘With the help of HSUS and LAV, Gucci is excited to take this next step and hopes it will help inspire innovation and raise awareness, changing the luxury fashion industry for the better.’WATCH: Most expensive dresses in history Gucci joins the likes of Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, Stella McCartney and Giorgio Armani in going fur-free, with its last collection for spring/summer 2018 being the first to adhere to this rule. The brand is also joining the Fur Free Alliance, which ‘is an international coalition of 40 animal protection organizations working together to end the exploitation and killing of animals for fur.’ It is also auctioning off any fur products that it still owns, with proceeds going to an Italian animal rights group, LAV, and the Humane Society in the US.‘Gucci going fur-free is a huge game-changer,’ said Kitty Block, President of Humane Society International. ‘For this Italian powerhouse to end the use of fur because of the cruelty involved will have a huge ripple effect throughout the world of fashion. A staggering one hundred million animals a year still suffer for the fur industry, but that can only be sustained for as long as designers continue to use fur. So we commend Gucci's compassionate decision, and for helping to ensure that the future of fashion is fur-free.’READ MORE: Fur And Fury On Fashion's Front LineREAD MORE: 9 Faux Fur Coats To Combat This Arctic Weather© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...BIG news. Asos launched same-day delivery today, solving all of our ‘I’ve got nothing to wear’ problems. Given our existing online shopping habits, this sounds like it could be very dangerous...Thanks to the new same-day delivery, which has been dubbed as 'Asos Instant', it looks as though worrying about whether our order’s going to arrive in time for our friend’s wedding could become a thing of the past. This is VERY exciting.Asos already attracts 146 million visitors a month, but it looks like the online fashion giant's making a concerted effort to ramp up their convenience credentials. We think it could have something to do with the fact that Amazon Prime's Wardrobe service is just taking off.WATCH: A History Of Fashion WeekOur favourite online fashion retailers also recently launched a virtual search tool on their app, which lets you find an item by uploading a photo.And they've even introduced a one-hour delivery time option so that we no longer have to worry about missing our delivery and having to head to an obscure Royal Mail depot after work.Asos Instant is going to be available every day apart from Saturday (for now, anyway), delivering your order between 6 pm and 10 pm – the only catch is that you need to place your order before 10 am, so it’s not so helpful if you’re a routine mid-afternoon Asos browser… So the timings aren’t exactly ideal, but it’s definitely going to make their service that bit more convenient.The bad news is that the same-day delivery is currently only available for Londoners, but this isn't forever – after the trial in London, the service is going to be rolled out to other cities in the UK over the coming months.Same-day delivery doesn't come cheap though - it'll set you back a whole £12.95. But, at least if we do experience any last-minute fashion emergencies this autumn/winter season, Asos have us covered, and for this, we're eternally grateful.You might also be interested in:The Only 11 Pieces You Need To See From AsosThe Best Kept Asos Secrets – As Told By The New Asos StylistsWe Tried On The Best Pieces From Asos For Girls With Big BoobsFollow Millie on Twitter: @milliehurst_This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rihanna is 100% our smart casual icon for winter after posing in a corridor wearing a blue gown by British designer Molly Goddard, with white trainers and sunglasses.The singer let everyone know that this look is nothing out of the ordinary for her by adding the captions ‘casual’ and ‘tuesdays’ to her Instagram posts.Like this? You might also enjoy... Reason 2000 Why We Want A Molly Goddard Dress Meet Molly Goddard: The Designer Who Makes Perfectly Non-Prissy Party DressesRihanna's Fenty Beauty Blotting Paper Has a Secret Double Use Follow Phoebe on Twitter @PhoebeParkeThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Halloween hype is fully upon us - but, if you’re anything like us you’ll leave it too late and be left with the crusty scraps of white face paint from last year’s costume. Not ideal. Think fast and spend a few pennies getting a look together now.Don’t expect to have a fully formed costume off the back of this. But, do come away with a bargain-priced piece or two that will help transform items you already own into something spooky. For instance, hair accessories for £3.50, and devil horns for £2.99, all you need to do is find a suitably coloured dress, red and black respectively, and you’ve got Halloween locked down minutes (ok, days) to spare.Rather than spending hours googling do-it-yourself costume ideas, spend less than an Uber ride home from a night out on one of these nine items. Come Halloween you won’t regret it, we swear.Liked this? You might also be interested in:This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bella Hadid never plays it safe when it comes to her personal style, so why would she change that on her 21st birthday? The model sister of Gigi Hadid stepped out en route to her celebrations yesterday in New York wearing a white, broderie anglaise dress from Australian brand Daisy, with the lace-up, corset-style front, apron skirt and cap sleeves making it feel very reminiscent of a traditional German dirndl dress (like the ones you see at Munich’s famous beer festival, Oktoberfest). She accessorised the flirty style with a Dior handbag, knee-high white boots and silver hoop earrings.(Picture: @daisydaisy.tv/Instagram)In characteristic Hadid style, she switched up her look for the evening soiree, ditching the milkmaid aesthetic for an altogether vampier (and dare we say more ‘Bella’ look).  As she stepped out for dinner with her parents and sister Gigi, she chose a midi-length black dress with lace-up sides and leather straps. She swept her hair into a high ponytail – one of the signature looks – and finished the look with matching black stiletto heels. Both looks were quintessential Bella, who is known for her love of ‘90s fashion (earlier in the day she was even caught singing along to Ashley Simpson on Instagram stories, the ultimate early noughties guilty pleasure…)WATCH: Our Live Q&A With Bella HadidBella’s 21st birthday shenanigans were altogether more pared back than some of her famous friends, including Kendall Jenner, who celebrated at Delilah’s in Hollywood wearing a silver sequinned dress identical to the one Paris Hilton wore to her own coming-of-age party. Meanwhile elder sister Gigi threw an A-list bash attended by Taylor Swift, Jaden Smith, Naomi Campbell and most of the Kardashians, and wore white hotpants, a silk black tank top and layered chokers.READ MORE: Bella Hadid Explains What It Is Really Like Competing With Gigi For Modelling JobsREAD MORE: Bella Hadid Nails NYC Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As the Game Of Thrones saying goes, winter is here. Well, nearly. So to prepare for the drop in temperature, our writer Daisy Keens has been scouting out a suitable coat that will help see us all through the chilly season. And after searching high and low, she's found a sassy AF shearling one from fashion brand Very. Here's how she recommends wearing it with three evening looks...First date outfits can be tricky, because after all, you want to look show-stopping, but not too try-hard. The key to nailing an effortlessly cool look is to go low-key with your outfit, and amp it up with makeup and footwear. Try tucking a slogan tee into vintage-looking, high-waisted jeans, and accessorising with some statement heels. Then, chuck on an oversized shearling coat and apply a swipe of bold lipstick to finish. Warning: kissing may cause smudging.Going out out? Then nothing other than a rave-ready mini dress will suffice. For autumn/winter, wear a dark-coloured dress (think black, burgundy or midnight blue), and if you really want to stand out, then opt for one that's covered in sequins. Then, to look even more slaying, slip on a pair of thigh high boots, clip on some hoop earrings, and drape a furry shearling coat over your shoulders. You'll be ready to give Queen B a run for her money!Meeting some mates for drinks (and nibbles) after work is one of our fave past-times, and we're guessing it's one of your faves, too. If you're already wearing jeans, you can go straight from the office to the bar by trading in your work jumper for a bold sequin top. Don't forget to accessorise with some quirky evening earrings (we're obsessed with Very's out-of-this-world star ones), and a warm, shearling coat.Missed our video of Daisy unboxing her fuzzy shearling coat? Check it out, below:*Shop the coat here and the entire V by Very collection here.**Like This? You Might Be Interested In:Style Stories:  Try Your Hand At Styling A Cosy Knit3 Ways To Wear Chunky Knitwear So You Never Have To Take Yours Off3 Ways To Wear A Leather Jacket That Will Have Heads TurningThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is such a thing as too much choice, and ASOS is proof of that. No question, the British retailer is a wonderland for shoppers. It teams with options to the point where we've lost hours wading through their New In section.ASOS' depth of options is both its crowning glory and Achilles heels. For there is no doubt that if you persist, you shall find on ASOS. But that may mean spending half your Sunday scrolling through 12 pages of 200 plus options. Yes, the search is stellar and will deliver results if you're precise. However, that requires knowing what you're after. When there are 2,661 styles of women's shoes on site, who really has the time to do their research?We've done the hard work for you by spending our time editing down a website with over 80,000 products. Thank us later. On our must-have list right now is a pair of classic Dickies cargo trousers but in camo and for £60, fluffy knitwear, an £80 vinyl trench coat and animal print. Don't feel under pressure to wear these pieces all at once - that would be bonkers, obv - but keep these in your locker this season, so you always have a statement item to hand. As anyone who has shopped on ASOS before will know, you need to act fast as things sell out quickly. Add these 11 items to your basket ASAP as we wouldn't be shocked if these pieces sell out before the end of the day!Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by VeryIt’s official: winter is nearly here. But we're not complaining about the chilly weather, mainly because with it comes the opportunity to wrap up warm in the It coat of the season, the statement shearling. Very’s pink-and-black one is the ultimate dream, and Grazia's Style Editor Polly Knight recommends wearing it over these three outfits...Simple cropped jeans and a white sweater make for the perfect combo for an off-duty day. And once the weather really drops, slip on a chic, fuzzy shearling coat to complete your look (and stay warm, of course!).Remember: the key to pulling off a shearling coat without looking too 'try-hard' is to keep the rest of your look understated. So, keep things simple and throw on some black jeans and heeled boots to look effortlessly cool.Want to pair your fancy shearling coat with an evening outfit that screams attitude? Then you're in luck. When teamed with a patterned black dress (think polka dots or mesh detailing) and sultry knee boots, you'll have a look that screams retro ’70s meets glam-goth.Missed our video of Polly unboxing her fuzzy shearling coat? Check it out, below:Shop the coat **herehere, and the entire V by Very collection **herehere.READ MOREHow To Work A Leather Jacket Into Your AW17 Wardrobe3 Cool Ways To Wear A Cosy KnitCoats That Will Actually Make You Look Forward To Winter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I’m firm in the belief that loungewear has a place in every situation you’ll find yourself in this season. Eaten the everything in sight in the run-up to Christmas? Put on your loungewear. Hungover mess from Halloween? Put on your loungewear. Snoozed your alarm till 8:30 am because it’s too fucking dark outside and can’t find your work clothes? Get. It. On.Luckily for us (and our careers TBH), casual specialists hush make that turning up to work in loungewear (sort of) acceptable (unless you work somewhere really fancy. I don’t.). Why? Because their remit is nice laid-back clothes you’d absolutely not feel comfortable dribbling spaghetti on of a Sunday. Here’s what we thought of their new season pieces.hush, Braid Jumper, £125; hush, Leather Leggings, £345It makes a nice change to be able to walk in wet-look trousers without the overriding feeling something terrible’s about to happen – like them splitting at the seams to reveal my bristly autumn legs, or showing off my inappropriate pants. These are without doubt the comfiest I’ve ever tried on. And khaki. Fancy! IMHO this whole outfit (MINUS THE SHOES) is ideal for when you’re a bit cold and you want to look like you’ve made a sort of effort to get dressed, while still being veeeery cosy.hush, Love Jumper, £85; hush, Stretch Silk Trouser, £125The other day I found myself in a changing room dressed in a head to toe scarlet outfit, complete with earrings and nail varnish because I’d got FAR TOO EXCITED about the whole red trend. I looked ridiculous. This outfit’s more much more sensible and shows you’re up to speed with this season’s hottest colour, yet understated - and this coupled with a statement jumper kills (not literally) two trends with one stone.hush, Atalana Tunic, £55; hush, Posey Shirt Dress, £65My first thought when seeing these boots were they’re a bit Jenny Humphrey (Gossip Girl season 2).  This whole look took me straight back to when I thought I was trendy at AF at school but actually spent my Friday night in a cold park wearing a hoody and cheersing Smirnoff Ice, only with a 2017 millennial pink twist. I love it.hush, Metallic Stripe Sweat Top, £49; hush, Dahlia Dress, £69Those of you who, like me, spent all summer getting judged for wearing all-black everything in the scorching hot sun will be pleased to learn it’s now VERY COLD, and therefore finally socially acceptable again. So this outfit spoke to me.I usually avoid polka dot like I do my weekly morning spin class, but I’ll let this one off because of the aforementioned lack of colour.hush x Refuge, Nightsky Flannel Pyjama Set, £60; hush, Boyfriend Jeans, £75I wouldn’t condone donning the above too far out the parameters of your own home, but we’d definitely recommend you purchase some of hush’s pyjama sets. The brand has just launched a partnership with charity Refuge, hush x Refuge, whereby one pair of PJs purchased = one night in a refuge for a woman and her children. And the pyjamas are hella comfy.hush, Andes Bell Sleeve Top, £89; hush, Erin Panel Trousers, £65 This is probably my favourite of all the looks, purely because I’m a huge fan of the red and pink vibe. And these trousers were so ridiculously comfortable - they made me want to curl up and have a lovely little nap in the changing room. (I didn’t).NB: SORRY ABOUT THE STATE OF MY (SORT OF) WHITE TRAINERS. THEY HAD AN ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE DURING FESTIVAL SEASON.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:My Quest To Find Cute Workwear Appropriate For Even The Strictest Of OfficesWe Tried On AW17 Toyshop Before It Hit The RunwayThe Best Straight Leg Jeans To Wear With A Going Out TopFollow Polly on Instagram @pollyforemanThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Think of tartan trousers as the Bermuda triangle of trends as it’s easy to get lost while styling them. It’s simpler than you think to fall into the trappings of looking like a golf fan, but as long as you steer clear of any athleisure accessorising, then you should be safe. When experimenting with check trousers you’re equally liable to be confused for a Camden Market Punk, but as long as you pick a pattern that’s not the quintessential red check, you should be safe. Here are five ways to dip your toe (or should that be legs) into the trend…When you’re styling a tricky pattern, it’s sometimes easiest to pick one shade from the print and use that palette for your accessories. This goes some way to explain why Emili’s lemon Manolo’s go so well with her green tartan trousers.For the uninitiated, denim is the solvent that fixes all problems. The addition of a Levi’s jean jacket adds edge to even the most city boy of straight leg, check trousers.Though suits can be, they don’t have to be serious. Case in point: Felicity’s checkered two-piece. The sharp sartorialism of its naturally masculine cut can be sidelined by the edition of heeled ankle boots or even a little faux fur.If we can all agree that windowpane check is more commonly seen in menswear then womenswear, then why not continue the pattern’s subversion by capping off a pair of check trousers with a pinstriped hat. Boyish femininity at its best.Olivia happens the awkward colour clash of her brown and blue Tory Burch trousers with a cobalt bag, a navy sweaters and midnight blue shades.Liked this? You might also be interested in:6 Ways To Wear A Blazer You Brought Years Ago In 20174 Ways To Wear Flares That You Haven’t Thought Of5 New Ways To Wear What You Already Own (So You Don’t Have To Resort To Online Shopping)Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The first time you watch a Disney cartoon you’re probably a small child, let’s guess six or under, and while you have the emotional intelligence to gauge how life-altering Disney is, did you have the sartorial savviness to take in the clothes? Maybe you did, but as a five-year-old it bypassed me. I was so swept up in the music and magic that I barely noticed the breathtaking dresses. Sacrilege, I know. But, I’m not ashamed to say, I’ve rewatched the classics, and now I know just how seriously fabulous, camp and over-the-top the princesses’ daily uniforms were. Here is my definitive ranking of Disney’s greatest gowns from meh to mesmerizing:Harem pants had their moment and Jas’ was definitely their icon.Stop the press, was Mulan set in 1998 or is she not wearing a pashmina?We gettit Cruella is bad news, but to really drive the message home Disney dressed her in ermine fur (gross!), gave her sloppy make-up and a stinky sizzling cigarette. Genius.Yeah, that’s a nice wedding dress, but how many times have you seen a veil elevated by Bluebirds?Am I the only one who thinks there is something a little Mimi Wade about this?Before Emma Stone’s yellow La La Land Dress there was Belle’s ballgown. I’m sure this cupcake dress was formative for more designers than would care to admit cough Giambattista Valli.I appreciate a model who can find their light, but I worry Pocahontas’ accessories may be weighing her down.Did Ariel add Princess Diana’s wedding dress to her Pinterest board?Move over Hercules, son of God, for this Grecian draping is as close to heaven as you can get. And, that hair, what volume! Envious? yes.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fans of Christian Louboutin will be delighted by news that the brand is releasing a range of babies shoes (complete with the signature red sole) in collaboration with Goop.The cutely named 'Loubibaby' collection features a classic Mary Jane design that well-heeled mums will be swooning over on the release date, which is said to be November 16th. The perfect Christmas present for the tot who has everything, eh? They come in pink and blue satin versions as well as with a shimmery gold finish perfect for the Holidays.The collaboration is the result of a long-held friendship between Gwyneth Paltrow and Christian Louboutin: 'I remember the first conversation which led us to the collaboration,' Louboutin recalled. 'There is nothing that I favor more than a good tête-à-tête, and for that, Gwyneth is a great partner in crime. When friendship meets work, the results are serious fun.' Paltrow added: 'Goop’s fashion ethos has always centered on trendless quality. It was an honor to work with Christian and his team to design the quintessential collection of fall classics'.At $250 (roughly £187), they're less of a pinch than Louboutin's classic stiletto, which you'd be hard pressed to find for much less than £500. Available on release from Goop.com, you'll also be able to buy them from Goop holiday pop ups in New York, LA and Miami.READ MORE: A Single Louboutin Causes Havoc At US Vouge HeadquartersREAD MORE: You Have To See Gwyneth Paltrow's Collaboration With Christian Louboutin READ MORE: Christian Louboutin Launches His First Fragrance © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Victoria's Secret and Balmain - two of fashion's sexiest brands - are teaming up for a one-off limited-edition capsule collection, VSxBalmain. The collaboration marks the first time that the luxury lingerie brand has teamed up with a fashion house, combining VS's undeniably playful take on underwear with Balmain's high-octane glamour.Olivier Rousteing - who is friends with a handful of Victoria's Secret models including Alessandra Ambrosio, Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner - has also designed a few pieces that will be featuring in the Victoria's Secret fashion show, which takes place in Shanghai next month.WATCH: Victoria's Secret's Most Show-Stopping LooksThe Victoria's Secret show has been on tour for the past few years, visiting Paris, London and New York for its past three iterations. It is one of the most exciting events on the fashion calendar, injecting some much-needed fun, sassiness and sex appeal into the tail-end of the year. Musicians including Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga and Ed Sheeran have all performed during the show.The brand's models - affectionately dubbed as Angels - have included some of the world's top models, from Karlie Kloss to Jourdan Dunn, Adriana Lima to Cara Delevingne.Last year's show made headlines after Bella Hadid walked powerfully in front of her ex-boyfriend The Weeknd, who was singing, sparking thousands of memes.READ MORE: How The Victoria’s Secret Angels Get In ShapeREAD MORE: All The Models That Will Walk The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show This Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As any fashion girl will tell you, the changing seasons is the best excuse to indulge in our favourite pastime: shopping. So when you've bought your winter coat (faux fur brown a la Margot Tenenbaum, thanks for asking) plus stocked up on wooly jumpers (we've bought the entirety of the basics section at Zara) the next thing on your to-buy list is a chic-but-practical pair of winter boots - whether they're knee-high, ankle or Cheslea.This season, there are a few distinct boot trends doing the rounds, as well as the perennial classics (Russell & Bromley school boots, we're looking at you).First up, the boot you've seen everywhere: the red boot. A favourite with street style stars and Instagrammers, probably because it's just so eye-catching and photogenic, the red boot has been ominpresent on our feeds.Another big trend this season has been the sock boot, which combines stretchy fabric with a shoe, giving a surprisingly leg-slimming effect. We've been repping the look for two years now thanks to a dreamy pair we found in Zara (please restock them) but you can find them at literally every high street store this autumn.The kitten-heel-boot-hybrid was another new trend for AW 17 (we're sorry naysayers), as well as sparkly, silver sequinned numbers no doubt inspired by Yves Saint Laurent's disco boots. These definitely aren't for shrinking violets.Shop our edit of the best new season boots below.Stretch ankle boots, £69.99, ZaraAnkle boots - Grazia2of15Stretch ankle boots, £69.99, ZaraRed mid-heel ankle boots, £25.99, ZaraCombat boots, £89.99, MangoVelvet over-the-knee boots, £49.99, MangoPatent ankle boots, £125, & Other StoriesBlue glitter boots, £115, & Other StoriesRed ankle boots, £36, TopshopSequinned boots, £89, TopshopJacquard ankle boots, £79, Urban OutfittersClarissa leather boot, £135, FineryElmworth ankle boot, £145, FineryFreda boots, £310, GanniTan boots, £335, WhistlesLeather boots, £515, NeousPatent leather boots, £685, ElleryREAD MORE: Best Chelsea BootsREAD MORE: Best Ankle Boots© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The second series of Stranger Things is almost upon us (October 27 - we're counting down the days) and it seems like designer Nicolas Ghesquiere is just as excited as us. The Louis Vuitton creative director sent one of his models down the spring/summer 2018 runway yesterday wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with a Stranger Things poster - one he had imagined himself.Featuring the four young male stars - Will, Dustin, Mike and Lucas - but sadly missing cult icon Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) - the design was reminiscent of movie posters from the 1980s, with cut-outs of the boys as well as a scene of them on their bikes as the backdrop.WATCH: Gossip Girl: Then and Now Ghesquiere is known for being a fan of the hit TV show and was pictured with the actors last season, sharing the snap on Instagram saying 'GOT STRANGERS IN THE HOUSE TODAY'. In fact, the genesis of this season's must-have T-shirt came about after that meeting, as he explained to Vogue after yesterday's show.'I met the kids last season, and we had a very good time,' he said. 'And so we spoke and we thought it was very funny, maybe, to do a little citation of the series that is coming out soon in the show. It’s always great to have a little accident like that in the styling, like if the girl has kept her T-shirt from backstage in a way, and so Stranger Things . . . I think it was one of the most wanted clothes backstage by the girls.'13-year-old Millie Bobby Brown has become a particular favourite with the fashion world since the show hit Netflix last year, sitting front row alongside co-star Winona Ryder at Coach in February. Since then she has become the face of Calvin Klein, attending Raf Simons' latest show last month, too.READ MORE: How Millie Bobby Brown Won Over The Fashion WorldREAD MORE: Who Is Natalia Dyer? Everything You Need To Know About The ‘Stranger Things’ Star© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by OFFICE.The arrival of a chillier season is the perfect excuse to update your wardrobe with some new weather-appropriate clothes. And predicted to be hot-to-trot this autumn/winter are several statement colours, which you can work into your wardrobe with the help of Timberland. From millennial pink to classic khaki, see the colours you need to be keeping an eye on this season...Chances are, you've seen (or at least heard of) millennial pink. This sprightly hue is fashion’s shade du jour, and can be described as a subtle candy-pink hue. Although it's remained popular for quite some time, this colour trend has shown no signs of slowing down.To inject some millennial pink into your AW17 wardrobe, pair an oversized jumper with some neutral coloured jeans (think grey, white or black) and some timeless Timberland boots. Plus, don't forget to dust some pink blush onto the apple of your cheeks to complete the look.The nations obsession with house plants and matcha teas may be to blame for the revival of the khaki colour trend - but we're not complaining. This universally flattering shade is welcomed in our AW17 wardrobes, because it's the perfect hue for creating urban, sporty luxe looks.For an outfit that screams attitude, tuck a dark denim jumpsuit into some khaki boots. Finish with a swipe of red lipstick to really stand out from the crowd.Timeless, classic and elegant, mauve has long been a colour that's favoured by fash packs and bloggers alike. But it's not just hot within the fashion industry: it's also popular within the home interiors sphere - a walk down the streets of Chelsea will prove this, too.And good news: this classic shade is easy to work into your AW17 wardrobe. If you're feeling particularly brave, opt for a complete style overhaul by dyeing your hair metallic mauve. Or, for a more subtle take on the trend, invest in some versatile mauve accessories, like a handy backpack and some chunky boots.Inspired by romantic wine cellars and forest fruits, one of this season's key colour trends is vibrant berry. Particularly popular amongst beauty addicts and lipstick lovers, berry is becoming the It colour of the season thanks to it's sultry finish.Work it into your wardrobe with a swipe of oxblood lipstick, a statement hat or some winter-appropriate Timberlands, which will provide an instant style update.Be it metallic or matte, silver has been spotted all over the catwalk and the streets this year. Perfect for party season, this luxe hue can easily be worked into a number of outfits. Just remember to pick one statement item, so you don't look too overkill: so, opt for a glitzy silver top or some futuristic-coloured boots.The Timberland Slim Premium 6 Inch Boots, which are available in khaki, millennial pink, berry and mauve, are available to shop exclusively from OFFICE.READ MOREWhy Japanese Fashion Should Be On Your Radar For AW/17Coats That Will Actually Make You Look Forward To Winter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Chances are you've been inspired by influencer Lucy Williams without knowing it. The former fashion editor turned full-time fashion and travel blogger for Fashion Me Now might be responsible for your love of Realisation Par's silk wrap dresses; or maybe your obsessive desire for J.W. Anderson's Pierce bag. As one of Instagram's #MangoGirls, you've probably bought a camel-coloured knit or midi-length skirt you've seen her in.But apart from being an all-round style muse for many, she's also brought her undeniably chic eye to the world of design, creating an uber-successful collection of jewellery for Missoma a few years ago. Now, after her mini-fang choker and horn pendant have just about become omnipresent in the jewellery boxes of London's most stylish girls, she's launching a new collection, this time inspired by a birthday trip to Rome. We spoke to her about what inspired the collection, plus how to wear jewellery like an influencer.For me, it really comes down to aesthetics and freedom to be myself. If it’s a brand I already know and love, or a new brand with a great vision or aesthetic, and they let me put my own spin on something, then that normally amounts to the dream scenario! Most of the time, it comes down to personalities. I like working with friendly, trusting people who want to collaborate rather than dictate. Missoma is all of these things so that probably explains why we’ve ended up working together for so long.We had coffee back in 2015 and chatted about doing a collaboration together and it quickly went from there. We were soon drawing pieces over coffee at Marisa’s kitchen table and that’s how we’ve worked ever since. It’s always felt like a really natural process and we’re on WhatsApp the whole time figuring stuff out or asking each other’s opinions.The first collection is still going strong but I really wanted something new to get my teeth stuck into. I just felt that itch to design something new that I really wanted to wear and thankfully Missoma allowed me do just that with them.My 30th birthday trip to Rome earlier this year. Walking around all the amazing sights, the busts and statues in Villa Borghese and Palazzo Altemps, the patterns and extravagance of the Vatican museums and multiple hotels and restaurants. I came back wanting to wear medallions and pendants based on Roman coins that were still really wearable, the sort of pieces you can wear to the beach or to a dinner equally as well.I guess this time we had the advantage of experience and we both felt more confident knowing what we wanted to create.  But really, it was very similar in many ways. Missoma and I are very used to working together now so it’s a very honest, open process and still happens over pencil, paper and tea in the office.It’s so hard to choose because I honestly love everything, especially all the necklaces. I have to stop myself from overloading on them right now! I’m currently rotating between the Fixed Hinge Coin necklace (I love the new rope chain) and the Rope Coin pendant on the new bobble chain we’ve done. The big circular hoop earrings, both the coin and green malachite ones, are favourites too. I love them with red lipstick and something super simple like a black silk camisole and jeans. That feels very Roman to me too.To be honest, I just love seeing friends, peers and random girls out and about wearing it. But dream scenario, I would love to see some of my favourite women wearing it.  Emma Stone, Jennifer Aniston, Cameron Russell, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Natalie Portman, Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen, Susan Sarandon, Helen Mirren…  That would be crazy!Never say never! If people like what we’re doing and the pieces keep selling, it could happen. It’s definitely the project I’m most proud of to date.I’m a classicist when it comes to jewellery so I’m not sure about trends per se apart from the rise and rise of the statement earring. However, I definitely think jewellery is a much more considered thing for people now. The power of a great necklace or pair of earrings is as great as a pair of boots or a jacket, so I think people see jewellery as a much more pivotal part of their wardrobe now. Gone are the days when we would just wear the same pieces day in, day out. Mixing up your jewellery is the easiest way to change what you’re saying in an instant.I like how lots of my friends wear jewellery; effortlessly and with the ability to add and remove seamlessly and it all works. I always love how stylist Ilona Hamer styles and wears jewellery and Alex Spencer, founder of Realisation Par layers chains and hoops so well. Lots of Aussie girls I follow do jewellery great too like Carmen Grace Hamilton and Yan Yan Chan. They keep it simple while also having the versatility to play with new things and mix it up.I’m the worst person to ask this because I wear my jewellery in the shower, swimming in the sea, I accidentally let it get tangled and have to spend ages unpicking it… Essentially don’t do what I do! But then again, I think lots of our collection is designed for being worn all the time so a little bit of wear and tear adds a bit of a character to it.Start simple and small and layer from there. A mid-length small medallion works with literally everything or a simple pair of gold hoop earrings work with so many different aesthetics or styles.I love Dinosaur Designs at the moment and I’m planning on investing in some of Sophie Buhai’s simple, contemporary designs ASAP. I also loved seeing Aligheri and Annissa Kermiche on the catwalks of LFW this season - both so talented.Shop Lucy's Missoma collection from today on Missoma.comREAD MORE: My Blogger Life: Fashion Me Now On How To Take The Perfect Instagram PictureREAD MORE: Lucy Williams On Her Holiday Tips And Travel Must-Haves© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Gucci loafer - a much-imitated shoe, and one beloved of celebrities from Reese Witherspoon to Jennifer Aniston, and Gigi Hadid to Alexa Chung. If you want to get your hands on a pair though, beware, as the price seems to be creeping up.It has been noted by those in possession of the Gucci Princetown loafer that the price has risen quite noticeably of late - a grimace-inducing £380 last year, they could be purchased for a knee-buckling £430 in early 2017 and then a thigh-slapping £495 as of this week.Are Gucci loafers becoming more expensive, and does Brexit have anything to do with it?The fashion industry's resistance to Brexit was well documented last year - with even British-based fashion houses employing seamstresses from different parts of Europe, or importing materials, it is inevitable that the the shock waves will eventually reach us, the consumers - and we'll see prices rise. The pound has remained fairly weak over the past year and according to This is Money that's the 'new normal' and something that's not set to change any time soon. If anything though, the lousy pound has helped boost fashion sales here as tourists pile over to get more for their currency - indeed, last year the Louis Vuitton Speedy 30 handbag cost £645 in London, compared with $970 in New York and €760 in Paris.Of course, the increase in the price of your Gucci loafers may have less to do with Brexit and more to do with shifts within the company itself; following a noticeable dip in sales prior to finding a new creative director, the fashion house saw an impressive jump in revenue last year. Whatever reason for the price increase (which has been broadly noted on other Gucci items like handbags), it's probably a good idea to take the plunge and buy those loafers before another price hike brings  you out in a rash.READ MORE: Gucci Is Launching An Interiors Collection, And We Want Every Single PieceREAD MORE: Gucci Goes Intergalactic With New A/W CampaignREAD MORE: Gucci Is Officially The Hottest Fashion Brand In The World Right Now © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Look around, and you’ll see editors kicking off their heels and rubbing their callouses as another month of non-stop fashion weeks has come to a close. The style set has jumped from New York to London, to Milan and their final destination: Paris. They’ve seen the extraordinary and the deeply ordinary, the beautiful and the bonkers. While they have the foresight to know what’s in and what’s out from what they’ve witnessed, I’m left here still scratching my head over these five absolutely ludicrous things that happened at Paris Fashion Week…For the celebrity who supposedly doesn’t want to be seen, but actually paid the paparazzi to follow them to the beach. Cough, Kendall. So ludicrously large is this straw hat that it actually looks heavy. I pity the model’s hair after wearing it.I’m sorry, but this is meant to be a summer collection. What possibly about knee-high furry boots reads summer to Yves Saint Laurent? I  think  they are meant to be sexy. I’m not 100% sure, but as they are worn with teeny leather shorts and micro dresses, I’m guessing that’s the impact they were going for. However, this riles me to the bone because if society tells me to shave my legs and pretend hair doesn’t grow on my womanly body then why the heck is fashion telling me hairy calfs are a must?In a world where millennials spend the most money on beauty, how would you go about attracting their attention? With a fashion show, possibly. Though the casting would need to be on point. In the wake of their Munroe Bergdorf PR disaster, you’d think the beauty company would try and embrace diversity. But, no, instead they had a mostly white cast of women led by two septuagenarians, Jane Fonda and Helen Mirren. God, knows what Cheryl Cole was even doing there!I think Dior may need to read Simone de Beauvoir’s Second Sex before their next collection. Why? At their spring summer 2018 show the label sent out a model wearing a Breton top printed with the name of a Linda Nochlin essay on it, ‘Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?’ This isn’t the first time they’ve stolen the words of another woman for they did this the previous year with a top that read ‘We Should All Be Feminists’ (the title of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie’s book). Before Dior try and make groundbreaking works of literature on the lack of equality into fashion statements, maybe they should pause and reflect on the sentiment itself.Christopher Kane tried to make Crocs happen a year ago, but lo and behold they didn’t catch on. Weird, right? Well, Balenciaga has decided to take on the gauntlet. Making them towering platforms a la Spice Girls and adding chipaper little trinkets, they’ve managed to morph Crocs into something altogether scary. Imagine trying to walk in them. Stairs would be a nightmare, escalators a hazard and running for the bus a suicidal mission.  I thought the intention of fashion was to inspire, not make me perspire.Liked this? You might also be interested in:5 Of The Most Ridic Things That Happened At LFW5 Of The Most Bonkers Things That Happened At Milan Fashion Week5 Of The Most Ludicrous Things That Happened At NYFWFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion is a fickle beast, changing its mind quicker than you can click your fingers. To keep you abreast of what’s hot and what’s been put on ice, here’s your guide to Milan Fashion Week’s biggest revelations.Leather berets, as seen at Christian Dior, were the accessory to own at Paris Fashion Week. Preferably worn slightly askew and with everything from a ball gown to blue jeans.Right now, bubble skirts are staging a comeback. Yves Saint Laurent's main man Anthony Vaccarello proved he's a fan by showing a staggering amount in the French house's ss18 show.Who doesn’t love a pocket? They are nonchalant and practical, something all our clothes should aspire to. And, now that Valentino has found a way of attaching them to evening wear they are chic too. Hurrah!Once upon a time, you couldn’t step outside a fashion show without seeing twins. Grown women with degrees and careers were dressing like toddlers. Not actually, but they were purposefully co-ordinating their outfits with whoever they were attending fashion week together. They did this because they wanted to be photographed and placed in a magazine’s street style gallery. But, all of a sudden, like the colluded, but not over their outfits this time, it stopped. PFW was about individuality and standing alone. Having a well-dressed frow friend is so last season.It’s the end of an era, you could say. For Colette, the founding father of concept stores has witnessed its last ever Paris Fashion Week as it is closing at the end of the year.It’s the end of an era, you could say. For Colette, the founding father of concept stores has witnessed its last ever Paris Fashion Week as it is closing at the end of the year.Sorry, but no. Since Christopher Kane presented Crocs on the catwalk last year, they’ve been edging towards a comeback. But, this towering Pepto Bismal Balenciaga pair could be a step too far.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just last month we saw Lidl release their brand new clothing range designed by Heidi Klum, and hot on their heels is Aldi with their latest budget collection for this season. The discount supermarket first unveiled a women’s clothing range last year and have since expanded to menswear, children’s clothes and even items fit for your gym kit.The latest collection was launched in-store and online on Sunday, and each item is under £20, making it more affordable than Klum’s range in Lidl.WATCH NOW: A History Of Fashion  Week Aldi are channelling all the autumnal vibes in this new collection, which upsets me as I’m still in denial that summer is over and am definitely not ready for layers or chunky knits.With that said, the dreaded annual search for a suitable winter coat needn’t be so difficult if you pop into Aldi. Their Ladies’ Padded Jacket is only £19.99 and comes in black or plum. It features a classic winter staple - the faux fur hood trim – and the hood itself is detachable, which basically means you’ve copped two coats for the price of one.The Ladies’ Textured Dress is a bargain at £9.99 but reminiscent of those optical illusion dresses that hit the high street a good 5 years ago. 2012 was the year to don a bodycon dress with black panels down the side in a bid to make yourself appear two sizes smaller, and it looks like Aldi are bringing it back. Although a worn-out style it makes for a fab new work dress and at less than a tenner, you can’t really go wrong.You can’t really cover autumn clothing without a pair of Chelsea boots. Aldi have released two pairs, a low heel and a mid-heel, which are both a beigey-brown type colour. Chelsea boots make a comeback each year and as Aldi are only charging £14.99, you can even afford to grab yourself both pairs.Heidi Klum’s collection at Lidl is full of modern prints and shapes, which I expected to see within this new, rival range. Although Aldi’s Autumn collection is rather bland in comparison, it’s much more wearable and ridiculously affordable. On top of their new collection, they’ve also extended their beauty range and introduced cheap Halloween costumes. Let’s hope Aldi will look to keep their affordable prices but follow in Lidl’s celebrity designer footsteps. Aldi x VB? Watch this space.Like this? Then You Might Also Be Interested In: I Tried On All Of The New Season Pieces From Primark So You Don't Have To  Aldi Are Bringing Out A Pink Gin Should I Buy... Aldi's Caviar Skincare Range Follow Eleanor on Twitter @eleanorlee_ This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Paris Fashion Week is arguably the pinnacle of the fashion season, so it’s unsurprising that the calibre of front row attendees is at its highest. Spring/summer 2018 was no different, with everyone from actress Robin Wright to off-duty model Karlie Kloss making an appearance.The first big show of the week was Jacquemus (he of the most covetable jackets in fashion), with guests including French ‘It’ girl Jeanne Damas, who made the case for straw bags in winter, and Emily Ratajkowski, who wore a full-length black dress with brooch detail.Maria Grazia Chiuri’s latest politically-charged show for Dior attracted a discerning FROW, including Bianca Jagger, Sam Taylor-Johnson, Natalia Vodianova, Alexa Chung, Karlie Kloss, Arizona Muse, Emily Ratajkowski and Harry Styles’ rumoured girlfriend Camille Rowe.Alexa Chung wore a printed full-length white skirt with matching sweater, wearing her shoulder bag as a cross-body slung around her waist. Camille Rowe opted for a burnt orange chiffon dress with chic black necktie and ankle boots, while Emily Ratajkowski went for the opposite aesthetic in a bridal-inspired white dress with thigh-high split.Also in attendance was Princess of Thailand Sirivannavari Nariratana, aka the World’s Most Stylish Royal, who wore a custom-made black look with beautiful balloon-sleeve and lace details.Meanwhile, Anthony Vaccarello staged an elaborate rock ‘n’ roll themed show in the shadow of a twinkling Eiffel Tower for his third collection for Yves Saint Laurent. Celebrity guests there to support him included Robin Wright, who was accompanied by her son Hopper, Chloe Sevingy in knee-high boots and a black halterneck minidress and the ultimate rock chick Courtney Love with daughter Francis Bean, both in black lace.At the Balmain show, Pamela Anderson made her first public appearance after the death of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner, wearing a gold and black woven mini-dress and cats-eye shades.Over at Isabel Marant, Emily R and Alicia Keys took their seats in the front row. They were joined by Jeanne Damas, Arizona Muse and Veronika Heilbrunner.One of the biggest shows on the calendar - Chanel - took place on Tuesday 3 October, with Kaia Gerber opening the show while mum Cindy Crawford watched from the FROW. Also in attendance were Princess of Thailand Sirivannavari Nariratana, Alice Dellal and Clemence Poesy.Click through our gallery below to see all the best-dressed stars.Alexa Chung wore a distinctly trans-seasonal look for the Dior show, opting for an ankle-grazing white skirt and cream sweater with a matching artsy print. She kept her makeup minimal and swept her hair into an elegant low chignon - tres French. Paris Fashion Week FROW - Grazia2of21Alexa Chung wore a distinctly trans-seasonal look for the Dior show, opting for an ankle-grazing white skirt and cream sweater with a matching artsy print. She kept her makeup minimal and swept her hair into an elegant low chignon - tres French. Emily Ratajkowski wore a white bridal-inspired dress with visible straps and thigh-high split for the Dior show. She kept her beauty look simple, keeping her long brown hair loosely tucked behind her ears. Harry Styles' rumoured girlfriend Camille Rowe wore a burnt orange pleated chiffon dress, which was sheer enough to offer a glimpse of her underwear - very Dior. She also opted for a black necktie, black ankle boots and thin, knotted brown belt to finish her look.Princess of Thailand Sirivannavari Nariratana wore a black and white Dior gown with printed skirt, lace blouse and balloon-sleeve detail. At the Jacquemus show, Jeanne Damas opted for a simple ruched black mini-dress (a look that has become her signature), nude heels and a straw bag. Arizona Muse arrived for the Dior show in a chic navy skater dress with choker detail, accessorised with a sweet heart-shaped cross-body bag and ankle boots with star detail. Political activist (and former wife of Mick) Bianca Jagger wore a white dress and navy jacket for the Dior show, swapping her reading glasses for sunglasses (but kept them round her neck - icon!) and accessorising with a rose. French 'It' girl and influencer Jeanne Damas wore a T-shirt tucked into a black midi skirt with silver pendant jewellery at the Dior show. Robin Penn attended the Yves Saint Laurent show in head-to-toe black, accompanied by her son with Sean Penn, Hopper. Chloe Sevingy matched the aesthetic of Anthony Vaccarello's Yves Saint Laurent perfectly, wearing a black ruffled mini halterneck dress and carrying a simple clutch.Rock chick Courtney Love was a guest of honour at Yves Saint Laurent, wearing a black velvet tux jacket layered over a lacy top. She was accompanied by her daughter Francis Bean, who matched her aesthetic in a black lace blouse.Pamela Anderson made her first public appearance since the death of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner, wearing a gold and black woven mini-dress, over-the-knee boots and cats-eye sunglasses for the Balmain show. Olivia Palermo wore an all-beige outfit for the Balmain show, layering a nude blazer over a sweater and wide-leg culottes. Veronika Heilbrunner making a case for the winter maxi at the Isabel Marant show. Kourtney Kardashian wore a simple black outfit for her appearance at Haider Ackermann. Jeanne Damas wore a pale pink blazer for the Nina Ricci show. Rooney Mara looked elegant in a black lace shirt for the Givenchy show. Cate Blanchett looked her usual chic self in a black suit for her seat on the FROW at Givenchy. Alice Dellal wore head-to-toe Chanel for the show, rocking a bralet and matching pleated skirt with double C belt. Iconic French actress Clemence Poesy wore a classic Chanel wool suit for the show, with pearl buttons and detail, showing off her brand new bob hairstyle. Cindy Crawford supported daughter Kaia Gerber at the Chanel show in a chic monochrome look comprising of black trousers, white blouse, white jacket and black neck tie. © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Take a look at our new and exciting introduction to the magazine, sitting alongside your old favourites:FASHION: Adding to our curated charts of the week's hottest drops, Grazia now brings an added usefulness to its unrivalled fashion offering, with new franchises such as WTF do I wear to... and Priceless, where we nail a trend for less than £200. Also new to the mix is comedian Katherine Ryan, giving her opinionated take in Perilous Garments and new regular Staying Power brings a historical perspective to a timeless trend that week.NEWS: Grazia continues to bring you the unexplored details of the celebrity stories of the moment, only now in The Take we've added more insider-led analysis that you simply won't find anywhere else.BEAUTY: Our best-in-the-business beauty editors are going further than ever before to test and try the products that truly deserve your money, time and trust. In the first issue, we investigate why the beauty world's gone mad for marijuana and introduce our new regular home for fragrances in Story of a Scent, in which guest writers recall the past through a perfume. We also bring mental health into the spotlight in new troubleshooting franchise School for Thought with columnists Eleanor Morgan and psychologist Anjula Mutanda.FEATURES: Grazia continues to deliver its unique mix of bold, agenda-setting features only now with added depth and rigour. The new Deep Dive slot is home to longer explorations of topics close to our readers' hearts, and we also welcome new franchises such as The Provocateur, showcasing bold opinions and surprising takes on the week's news. Expect a fun, fresh and often funny take on today's hottest human interest stories.CULTURE: Our new Grazia Playlist section now encompasses everything in the week's cultural drop - from podcasts and books through to music, travel and interiors.So what can you expect in this week’s ALL NEW issue? We delve deep into the film industry’s body fascism and reveal the hidden world of bullying and secret contract clauses that are keeping actors malnourished. Feminist princess-in-waiting Meghan Markle is on course to revolutionise the British monarchy – we tell you why you should care. And explore how cannabis-derived ingredients are hitting the world of skincare, and the enduring staying power of a fashion classic: the beret. All that, plus so much more – in this week’s issue!Welcome to your NEW Grazia. Grab your copy in store today!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As ready as we are to call BS on the myth of Parisian girl style there is something undeniably appealing about Maje’s aesthetic. For yonks we’ve been fed this persistent stereotype about lithe French girls who are part of a secret sartorial club that dress like Françoise Hardy, have a wardrobe of Chanel cardigan jackets and the freewheeling attitude of Jane Birkin and her equally chic daughters Charlotte Gainsbourg and Lou Doillon. Enough is enough; we know its rubbish. French girls are just like us. They get spots, they have bad hair days, and they too get cheap frills from fast fashion. That said, a label that trades in the cool, romantic, smart style of this make-believe Parisian girl is still very appealing.Though Maje, not to be confused with the founder Judith Milgrom's sister Evelyne Chetrite's label Sandro, does stick to the codes of the quintessential Parisian look they always find a way to subvert it. For instance, their recent collaboration with Schott is a far cry from the Left Bank. More closely associated with James Dean than Jeanne Damas, Schott are the creators of the OG leather biker jacket. The pairing has dreamed up a covetable cropped bomber jacket, knitwear and an upmarket slogan t-shirt. When worn with Maje’s brand of little black dresses and fluffy jumper’s Schott’s brand of rebel without a cause fashion becomes more Brigitte Bardot than Marlon Brando. Ready your credit card, because these 11 pieces sum up all that is enticing about Maje right now…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...They've already confused some high fashion fans with their £600 Triple S trainers that were artfully designed to look preworn. Then there was the $2,145 blue bag with more than a passing resemblence to Ikea's signature blue plastic shopper. With the addition of another tote made to exactly resemble the brand's own carrier bags, Balenciaga sent their latest creations down the Paris runways to a frisson of excitement and anticipation yesterday. What would they do next?WATCH: Alexa Chung's Style EvolutionGuests wouldn't have been disappointed as the weirdest collaboration yet shimmied past: a pair of platform Crocs, embellished with pins resembling fridge magnets. The gardening/boating shoe was given a new spin in 2016 by Christopher Kane, with ever-so-slightly eye watering designs involving tiger print and stuck-on gem stones.Balenciaga have taken things a step further, literally elevating the shoes with a 10cm platform. The 'jibbitz' pins (something Crocs usually provide for a little extra customization) feature things like roses, bull dogs and rainbows, as well as, of course, the word 'Balenciaga' in bold typography. It seems that the brand's designer Demna Gvasalia was inspired by the material used to make the shoes - a sort of resin that Crocs own the rights to. He stated: 'it’s light, and in the future you will be able to 3D print them at home because they are all one piece – we are using a one-piece foam mould, and working with these kind of materials is very balenciaga!’.Available in yellow, pink and muted green, the new breed of Crocs will be available to buy next year, though the price isn't yet known. Time will tell if Crocs officially become 'cool' or not.READ MORE: Balenciaga's Latest 'It' Bag Looks Familiar**READ MORE: Christopher Kane Is Treating Us To Another Crocs Collection****READ MORE: Can Christopher Kane Make Crocs Cool?**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What do Jeanne Damas, Leandra Medine and Aimee Song have in common? They’re three of the most stylish influencers of 2017, of course, but they’re also all repping what is soon to be The Next Big Handbag Of Instagram, the Volon.The ‘Cindy’ bag, is a cross between a wristlet and a miniaudiere, and is shaped like a mini duffel bag with a chic drawstring at the top that you can wrap around you wrist (or finger) to carry it (or if you’re Leandra, you attach it to your sash belt, like below).WATCH: On-The-Go Beauty HacksAvailable in a variety of colourways, each bag features a chic tassel on the bottom. While Leandra Medine has been wearing her pistachio and lavendar one since New York Fashion Week, Jeanne Damas opted for a bright blue and red one featuring playful embroidery (we think one side has a cat on), and Aimee Song has a more eternally chic golden one with pale pink ostrich feathers.But before you run out to buy it for your new day bag, the Quality Street-esque beauty probably isn't the most practical size-wise, looking like it will only fit your phone and house keys.If it does become the Next Big Thing, Volon's Cindy is in pretty good company. Other bags that found fame on Instagram earlier this year include the Cult Gaia bamboo bag, sack bags beloved by French girls and the Balinese basket bags available on Edit.58: all three of which ultimate French girl Jeanne Damas has in her wardrobe.READ MORE: How Off-White Paid Sartorial Tribute To Princess DianaREAD MORE: We Are All About Valentino’s Eveningwear With Pockets© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Valentino and practical aren’t two words that naturally fit together. After all, the Italian fashion house is known for its high-quality, high-glamour designs, which have been worn everywhere from the White House (Jackie Kennedy was a famous patron of the brand) to the red carpet (A-listers from Anne Hathaway to Nicole Kidman have worn it), when practicality often goes out the window.This season however, designer Pierpaolo Piccioli has debuted some thoroughly wearable designs without sacrificing any of the house’s signature glamour, by introducing pockets to his racer-back, voluminous evening gowns, meaning not only could you go hands-free, but you could also sneak in more than a few canapes.WATCH: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsAs well as the aforementioned gowns, there were also belted playsuits, bubble dresses, LBDs and high-waist shorts, which all featured useful pockets. If you did want to take a bag, there was one worn as a bumbag with straps securing it around the waist as well as on the shoulder, plus wristlet bags, meaning eveningwear was basically as uncumbersome as possible this season.Piccioli explained in his show notes that for spring/summer 2018 he was inspired by space, and specifically the perspective on the earth that the Apollo moon landing had, which explains why the usual Renaissance-style dresses were absent from the collection. Instead, the collection had a more modern feel, with space age inflections being seen in clear plastic macs, mini-skirt hemlines (the Sixties saw the birth of the space race, after all) and utilitywear fit for space travel (chic space travel, natch).READ MORE: 3 Unexpected Noughties Staples We’ve Spotted At Paris Fashion WeekREAD MORE: Bella Hadid Explains What It Is Really Like Competing With Gigi For Modelling Jobs© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s taken them a bloody long time, but the sportswear market has finally graded its sizes up. Brands like Nike and adidas have only recently woken up, smelled the coffee and realized that their one-size fits all approach is outdated. Their new, improved and inclusive collections are wonderful in theory, but how do they fit? Just because a size 20 girl can get the leggings over her bum, will she feel supported enough to go for a run in them? To get to the bottom of this, we enlisted body positivity spokesperson Felicity Hayward to give us the 411 on the fit, fabrications and breathability of plus size activewear…Puma Exclusive To ASOS, Plus Active Crop Top, £32; M&S COLLECTION, Drawstring Velour Joggers, £22.50; Nike, Flex Supreme Womens Trainers, £72, Simply Be‘First off, these joggers feel like I’m wearing a walking cuddle so not only would I love to wear them for a stretch class, but I want to wear these 24/7 at home. You could also wear them out with a leather jacket, and no one would realise you’re in workout gear. Now, this top takes confidence, but if you’re happy to show off your stomach, then this top is the dream. The band not only adds a fashion vibe but it keeps the crop top in place. And, if you have big tits like me, it stops the top from rolling up.’M&S COLLECTION, Colour Block Jacket with Concealed Hood, £59; M&S COLLECTION, Extra High Impact Zip Front Sports Bra A-G, £16; M&S COLLECTION, Quick Dry Printed Leggings, £25; Nike, Air Max Command Womens Trainers, £100, Simply Be‘This jacket makes me feel like a big kid again. I swear I had one like this from Fila in the ‘90s! I feel super secure in this bra especially as it has a thick band underneath. And, the front zip makes it easier than most sports bras to get on and off. Leggings can be quite tricky for me to buy as I have a big bum and a smaller waist, but these M&S ones are high rise so I can hoik them up and then use the adjustable ties at to pull them in at the waist. Dream. Top tip: buy for your bum size, not your waist if you want a comfortable fit. For me, as I have a big bum, they fit perfectly.’Puma Exclusive To ASOS, Plus Windbreaker Jacket, £60; Boohoo, Plus Ava Cutie With A Booty Bra, £18; Nike, Powered Legendary, £69.95; **Nike, Flex Supreme Womens Trainers, £72, Simply Be‘I was hoping these trousers would be the one, it’s a no from me. I’m not a fan of this straight leg cut, I think it would be annoying while exercising. And, I hate to say it, but they give me a bit of a camel toe. Not ideal. Plus, the band at the waist doesn’t have much stretch, so I feel like it’s rolling down. However, this top is great. It’s slightly longer than a sports bra, so I feel less on show, but the support is still there.’Nike, Breathe Elastika, £31.95; **M&S COLLECTION, Quick Dry Printed Leggings, £25; Nike, Air Max Command Womens Trainers, £100, Simply Be‘Do I look like a glazed cherry? I feel like one. The top is perfect if you want to hit the gym hard as the back straps give support but the top itself is super loose and feels light. And, if  you are potentially worried about wearing tight leggings and a crop top then this does hide that area in a flattering way.’M&S COLLECTION, Metallic Padded Gilet with Stormwear, £55; Puma Exclusive To ASOS, Plus Active Tank, £28; Puma Exclusive To ASOS, Capri Active Leggings, £35; Nike, Air Max Command Womens Trainers, £100, Simply Be‘I like wearing matching sets, so I was pretty excited about this Puma look. Though the top is great, I’m a little disappointed by the bottoms as they are quite low-cut without much stretch and I feel like they might fall down. However, the colours, this sick metallic gilet and the top get a 10 out of 10 from me.’adidas, Essentials Linear Hoodie, £42.95; adidas, Techfit Base Bra, £22.95; adidas, Essentials 3-Stripes Tapered Pants, £34.95; adidas by Stella McCartney, adizero XT Shoes, £139.95‘Yellow can scare some people, but I love wearing it and I think it has the type of optimism that will make you push harder in your workout. The top has structure and feels very supportive. And, the joggers are amazing. They are comfy and thick enough you won’t feel chilly on a cold winter morning. Though the shoes are my favourite bit. If you have wide-fit they are great because they have adjustable laces, but everyone will love the fit and feel of them.’Liked this? You might also be interested in:Grace Victory: The Best Denim For Girls Size 18 And UpCurve Blogger Grace Victory Shows Us How To Tackle Spring’s TrendsWe Tried On Regular Sized Jeans That Tall Girls Can Get Away WithFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With Paris Fashion Week coming to a close this week, I am reminded for the umpteenth time just how effortlessly stylish French women are. I hate to generalise, but what makes them stand apart from us Brits is their reliance on classic, understated pieces. At the epicentre of their wardrobe of staples is the humble, but never maligned Breton top. As cliche as it is, there is only one word for it: it’s chic.Once the uniform of ruddy French seaman, this little stripe top has risen to the ranks of dressing the likes of Audrey Hepburn, Brigitte Bardot, Pablo Picasso, Coco Chanel and a thousand more stylish faces.A real marinière, like the ones made famous by Saint James, has a certain amount of stripes (20 to be exact) each a specific distance from another (20mm). This classic has only grown more covetable with age, which is proven by the number of times designers like Sonia Rykiel, Karl Lagerfeld and Jean Paul Gaultier have revisited it over the years. However, don’t be dissuaded from experimenting with a zebra with new stripes. For instance, Boden’s pink concoction is just as delectable as M.i.h’s top that reference’s Jean-Luc Godard’s iconic 1960s flick Breathless, which starred a Breton-clad Jean Seberg.Fall in love with these nine endlessly stylish striped tops and just know that investing in one will have dividends for many seasons to come.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What’s most exciting about Paris Fashion Week? The shows, definitely. But, for anyone priced out of this extravagant gathering the street style should capture your attention. For, the most inspiring attendees rarely don’t need showpieces to stand out, nor flashy labels, as they have the sartorial wherewithal to make an everyday item found in most of our closets seem extraordinary. Case in point, how these five women style these five run-of-the-mill pieces… thank you Paris it’s been real! ♥️ 🇫🇷A post shared by  patricia manfield (@heir) on Sep 26, 2017 at 9:07am PDTThis styling trick is so simple it barely needs wording: pull up your pants. Like, proper hike them up. Wedge-y yourself in the name of fashion. Patricia Manfield gives her basic denim skirt a fresh spin with the addition of the visible knicker line. Sure, we can’t all afford Dior knickers, but this ‘90s twist will work just as well with a pair with a plain band. 2222222 (Paris in 3, 2, 1...)A post shared by  María Bernad (@maria_bernad) on Sep 26, 2017 at 12:25pm PDTBought a jumpsuit, worn it twice? Guilty! The utilitarian appeal of a one-piece is undeniable, but once you’ve aired it enough times that you’ve grown bored, it can be a tricky piece to revamp. However, as Maria Bernad shows adding an extra layer - in her case a t-shirt can be the makings of a new look. If yours doesn’t unbutton, consider adding a netted undertook or a polo neck. Just be warned, this can get warm so save it for the chilliest of climes. 🖤🖤🖤#allblackeverythingA post shared by  Anne-Catherine Frey (@annecatherinefrey) on Sep 27, 2017 at 3:21am PDTEveryone - only a little exaggeration - at Paris Fashion Week has thrown out their ankle boots and invested in thigh-highs. With long-hems sweeping the runways the only way to stay on beat when you’re wearing a mini is to show as little skin as possible. Enter the OTK boots. Hopefully, you didn't throw yours out last time they were ‘in’.During Hilary Clinton’s campaign suit sales skyrocketed, but a year on and the trend has fizzled. Rejuvenate last year’s purchase with a little bit of harmless nudity. Add a striking bikini top a la Phoebe Lovatt and brave the eye-balls for a winning example of executive realness. Thanks queen @BUMBLE_fr 🐝➿for my sweet hive this week. 🚕🍯 Allez 👉🏼#PFW #BumbleBizzA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Sep 26, 2017 at 4:54am PDTEveryone knows jeans and a t-shirt go better with a double-breasted blazer than a buttoned-up shirt. But, have you thought of adding a beaded bag? Toeing the line between old lady with lots of cats chic and childhood dress-up, a kitsch bag is the unexpected accessory your blazer was asking for. Find yours for less than a quid at any car boot.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With new names to know, London's hottest 'see now, buy now' collections and high-street hits, this month's bumper charts has it all...The fashion team here at Grazia HQ are all about comfort and style. So these retro-look sneaks are the perfect meeting of form and function.Trainers, £119 from Veja at Iris FashionInvest in autumn's hottest colour with this sleek skirt. Wear with ankle boots now and over-the-knees come winter.Skirt, £340 from Paul & JoeThe body is back. Get your hands on this silky style and never worry about tucking in again.Body, £29.99 from Zara; Heels, £29.99 from ZaraA/W'17 is the season of the asymmetrical bag. Get yours now and think angular.Bag, £470 from JacquemusUrban Outfitters is a one-stop-shop right now. We love the contrast stitching and super kick-flares on this suit. Want. It.Jacket, £375 from Fleamadonna at Urban Outfitters; Trousers, £220 from Fleamadonna at Urban Outfitters.The weather is getting chillier, and that means it's time for an outerwear update. Get rid of your old coat and make room in your wardrobe for this snazzy cape.Cape, £450 from Nadya ShahYour autumn wardrobe is not complete without a blazer - fact. This double-breasted style from Dotty P will be a hard-worker.Blazer, £38 from Dorothy PerkinsPyo's frocks have been rocking the fash pack this season. Stay sharp with this one from her capsule collection for Farfetch. We want in.Dress, £550 from Rejina PyoYes, you do need another pair of black trousers. Go for these high-waisted wide-legs and tuck in your tee or invest in a body.Trousers, £79 from Phase EightStripes. It's the trend that never dies. We even want to wear them on our accessories. Especially this bag.Bag, £565 from Mansur GavrielSee more of our print and digital shopping editors' fashion picks in the gallery below:The boxy, top-handle styles in girl crush Emily Ratajkowski's debut bag collection, created in collaboration with The Kooples, nod to A/W's grown-up trend.Bag, £348 from The KooplesSeptember lust list2of32The boxy, top-handle styles in girl crush Emily Ratajkowski's debut bag collection, created in collaboration with The Kooples, nod to A/W's grown-up trend.Bag, £348 from The KooplesAmp up your accessories arsenal with these lightning bolt hoops.Earrings, £65 from MissomaNail boy/girl dressing in this check dress from Maje. Our fashion ed is planning on wearing hers all season with an oversized blazer and chunky boots.Dress, £260 from MajePrim pearls get a rebellious rethink this season, studding the heel of these tough-luxe ankle boots.Boots, £34.99 from EgoThe latest collab from John Lewis's Modern Rarity line - a capsule of five outerwear options from London-based designer Eudon Choi - has dropped. This frill-hemmed coat is the piece we'll be investing in.Dress, £120 from Modern Rarity at John Lewis, Coat, £360 from Modern Rarity x Eudon Choi at John Lewis, Shoes, £99 from Modern Rarity at John LewisFluffy fabrics and tactile textiles are big news for next season. Jump on the trend now with this velvet bomber. Luxe but laid-back, try it with denim and high-top Converse.Jacket, £70 from WeekdayLooking for the perfect straight-leg jeans? American brand Brock Collection is your answer. This mid-wash style has shot to the top of our style ed's wishlist.Jeans, £375 from Brock CollectionKeep your eyes peeled for this New York brand. Offering design-driven clothes at affordable prices, this month's best buy (OK, we want everything, but if we had to choose one) is this paisley bandana bag, the easiest way to do print right now.Jeans, £375 from Brock CollectionOnline retailer Boden has answered our prayers and started stocking in John Lewis, so we can try before we buy. *Fashion ed sprints to fitting room with these kecks.Trousers, £98 from John LewisDropping in stores and online this week, River Island's premium line, RI Studio, is a 15-piece capsule collection including statement knits and this smart checked coat. Want, want, want!Coat, £160 from RI Studio at River IslandWe'll be wearing these tan flats with ankle-grazing kick flares for instant impact. After all, it's still summer somewhere...Shoes, £45 from NextYou've definitely seen Cult Gaia's basket bags on every chic girl you stalk on Insta. Get a handle on the new season by swapping bamboo for this acrylic version. Kerpow!Bag, £288 from Cult GaiaIt's written in the stars... We need one of J Crew's zodiac sign tees. This one is Sagittarius; check out the rest online.T-shirt, £40 from J CrewA black handbag is forever and, yes, you need another one. The Anouck top-handle from Claudie Pierlot is our shortcut to chic.Bag, £260 from Claudie PierlotThe satin midi slip is your new season catch-all dress. Go lo-fi and layer over a white polo, or amp up for date night with pointed pumps.Dress, £445 from T by Alexander WangThe Spanish brand is on a winning streak right now. We love their take on trad tailoring. Boss the work suit and team with sneakers and a colour-pop bag.Blazer, £275 from Bimba Y Lola and Trousers £160 from Bimba Y LolaKnitwear has never been an afterthought for me; it's a certified staple in my winter wardrobe. But with a closet full of sleek knits already, I can't wait to add this attention-grabbing sweater with its fluffy contrast cuffs.Jumper, £49.99 from ZaraAs a year-round dress addict, I'm something of an expert, and this velvet midi - complete with femme fatale plunging neckline - is pitch perfect.Dress, £1,500 from Luisa Beccaria at Matches FashionThe ultimate 'do it all' tote; you can fold it, zip it, carry it or sling it across your body. Chic beyond and so damn practical.Bag, £1,895 from Loewe at Matches FashionIn a bid to break out of being perma-heeled, I'm snapping up this pair of chunky-soled Chelsea boots.Boots, £100 from ClarksTo satisfy the Celine addiction, of course.Opticals, £260 from Celina Eyewear at Matches FashionI'm not a huge fan of dresses or print, so this is a double-whammy bubble buster. Gulp. I'll wear it with thick lug-soled boots.Dress, £935 from Preen by Thornton Bregazzi at Matches FashionSage-coloured denim? Yes please. Plus it looks brilliant with black - bonus.Trousers, £55 from ArketDrooling. Stat.Boots, £1,100 from Louis VuittonBeautiful leather, clean lines and oversized - what's not to want?Bag, £980 from Lemaire at Matches FashionI wear lots of shirts, but this season I'm upgrading (budget willing) to a high-neck blouse.Blouse, £1,610 from Gucci at Matches FashionThis mannish coat will become a wardrobe staple, and at this price, it's a steal!Coat, £149.99 from [H&M Studio[(http://www2.hm.com/en_gb/productpage.0542130001.html)Love jeans, hate how they look on me. But hold on, these make me want to try!Jeans, £250 from Frame Denim at Net-A-PorterCosy faux fur and cool contrast sleeves. The perfect way to jazz up my 'bubble breaker' denim.Coat, £79.99 from MangoI once jumped in a pool wearing one of AR's party-ready creations. I have no doubt this dress will bring me just as much fun.Dress, £1,450 fro Alessandra Rich at Matches FashionI believe that you can never have too many shirts, right? This one has my name written all over it. Thanks, Stories.Shirt, £49 from & Other StoriesThe Olsen twins really know how to nail sleek accessories, and this burgundy, woven bucket bag is definitely on my lust-list for A/W '17.Bag, £430 from Elizabeth and JamesREAD MORE: What Our Shopping Editor Is Buying This Month: August EditionREAD MORE: The Secret Zara Section You Probably Never Knew ExistedREAD MORE: 20 Cosy Knits To Get You Excited For Winter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Flamboyage...no it’s not a dessert or a type of dance that you’ve never heard of it. It is (like ombré and balayage before it) a ridiculously grandiose name for a highlighting technique that Blue Tit London are calling the next big trend.The early 2000s taught us to be sceptical of highlights, especially the block-y, bleach-y kind that made everyone look like a racoon. But, in the years since ombré and balayage have done their best to redefine our understanding of hair colouring. And, now flamboyage has come along to revolutionise the industry once again.For many ombré reopened the (salon) door to the concept of subtle hair dying. Though looking back now, the concept of fading dark roots to bleach blonde tips is anything but natural-looking. Though, no one can knock how little upkeep this look required. Celebs like Lauren Conrad, Victoria Beckham, Alexa Chung and Katy Perry can vouch for this first hand.Then came balayage highlights, or the art of freehand painting the hair. Since it popped up on Pinterest, it has become incredibly popular as it creates a more nuanced, graduated look. Unlike highlights of yore, it’s tailored to the client's noddle. It works just as well on short, long, straight, curly, blonde or brunette as it is bespoke it can easily be tweaked to fit every hair type. Because this technique doesn’t require foils or meche, balayage is relatively speedy. Plus, it grows our more naturally as hairdresser rarely paint up to the root line.If highlights were on a spectrum and ombré was the most extreme and balayage the most subtle then flamboyage would be right smack in the middle. It takes a little longer than the hand-painted technique, but the end effect is more sun-kissed. Similar to balayage, it’s tailored to the customer and works on curly, straight, bobbed, flowing, blonde and brown hair. But, unlike anything else on the market, it uses Davines adhesive strips (flamboyage meche), which are applied to the hair instead of foils. The sticky strips allow the hairdresser to be extremely precise with which strands are coloured. The end effect has depth and vibrancy with different colour tones woven through the hair.  Though a tint can be added afterwards, flamboyage makes hair look lighter and brighter without the dreaded stripes. As the base colour of your hair never changes it grows out seamlessly.  From personal experience, I'd say it is enough for people to notice and say, ‘your hair looks nice,’ but not enough to feel the pressure of upkeep.To see how it works on long curly and short straight hair, we put flamboyage to the test at Blue Tit’s London salon. Watch the video above to see how we got on.Liked this? You might also be interested in:I Got A 30-Minute Facial And Sacked Off Foundation For A Week6 Cheap Hair Accessories That Even Short Haired Girls Can F WithWhen To Visit A Podiatrist vs PedicuristFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fourth and final city is busy prepping to showcase its spring/summer '18 collections to the fashion elite. Outside of the shows, the fash pack are crowding to be photographed in their finest attire. That's right, it's Paris Fashion Week.And boy, what an event it's set to be. Paris hosts the final installment of catwalk shows and so fashion influencers must take the opportunity to debut their best clobber in one final attempt to grace the magazine pages.And the Parisians have yet to disappoint. Renowned for their inimitable aesthetic and ability to achieve the epitome of 'chic' with ease, the PFW fash pack are always one to watch.These are the style lessons you need to learn this season:Move over slogan knits, this winter we’ll be keeping snug in a colourful striped number. Whether you pair with jeans and a mac like this showgoer or dress it up with a midi and mules, it’s an item you’ll find yourself wearing on repeat.Mini bags have been doing the rounds once again this season, and this time they’re smaller than ever. While it’s certainly not the most practical of accessory choice (cue the overflow tote bag), you outfit will look at least ten times chicer.Quite possibly the cheapest way to update your outfit, a pair of white socks worn with stilettos or peeking out of the top of a pair of ankle boots will give your ensemble an AW17-ready feel.For a simple twist on last season’s blazer, tie a belt round your waist. Add a cross-body bag and cat-eye sunnies to complete the look.If you’re going to invest in one winter coat style this autumn we suggest going for checks. Whether you plump for tartan, grey or a purple hued print like this style will instantly update your outfit.A running theme spotted at all four fashion weeks, the baker boy cap is officially the accessory worth buying into to. For added style kudos try on in this season’s must-have hue, bright red, and pair with sunnies and subtle gold hoops.Make sure to keep an eye on the best street style looks as they drop:A statement coat is a wardrobe essential. Paris street style SS182of16A statement coat is a wardrobe essential. A failsafe combo of leather trews and a chunky knit looks fresh with the addition of bright yellow bag. Rework a summer slip dress for autumn by layering under a white tee and pairing with ankle boots. Forget the so-called fashion rules, pink and red make a winning combination. Tick off two #tbt trends in one with a baker boy hat and a wide waist belt. Our favourite outfit formula for autumn: cosy knit + thigh split midi + knee high boots. With red the 'it' hue for AW17 it's time to invest in a pair of postbox red trousers. For an #ootd that will turn heads try tonal dressing. Our obsession with the pleated midi shows no signs of waning. This autumn we're eyeing up a metallic style... Whether you layer over jeans or go bare legged with kitten heels, an embroidered dress is a versatile addition to any autumn wardrobe. We love this showgoer's palette of red and berry tones. A checked coat and an orange polo will instantly elevate any outfit. Dress down an evening frock with a pair of tennis shoes.  A simple knit and grey pencil skirt combo is brightened with the addition of shiny gold boots. Make your wrap dress last way beyond summer by layering over a pair of tailored trousers. This show goer proving once and for all that pink and red is the colour combo of the season. READ MORE: The Best New York Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How much is too much to spend on a dress from Next? That is the question we are asking ourselves today as the high street shop launches a new luxe spin-off called Label/Mix.What’s with the name, you ask? This new range is a collaboration between the brand’s creative director Gemma Metheringham and some of the hottest names in fashion right now. They’ve enlisted Rejina Pyo who is known for dressing the likes of Laura Jackson (on her wedding day no least) and Pandora Sykes. London favourite Teatum Jones is on board as is Singapore-label Whole9Yards who Self-Portrait fans will like. Similar to H&M’s famous collabs, this an accessible way of buying into the nuanced look of covetable designers whose price points are usually a stretch too far.Though there are directional pieces to be found, by and large, the look puts wearability on a pedestal. Practicality and functionality don't come at the cost of design.The first drop of the collection includes 93 pieces includes cosy knitwear, statement coats and party dresses. However, it doesn’t come cheap. A red lace dress that costs a whopping £399 has caught the eye of the press (obviously), but being Next there are still bargains to be found, like fluffy bobble hats from £35 and knitted dresses at around £110. Be warned though as the Next thing you know you’ll be splurging on £328 bag or £285 top from the high street retailer.Here’s an edit of our five favourite pieces from Label/Mix:Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Of all the events you would imagine Paris Fashion Week would be all-consumed by newness. But, that isn’t always the case. For a handful of spring/summer 2018 shows felt like a flash back to a not-so distant decade. From  Saint Laurent to Chloé there was a sweeping sense of nostalgia.When Twitter took a walk down memory lane with #indieamnesty last year, little did we suspect that this unglamorous trail through London’s 2000s history would get relived through SS18 trends.Over at Chloé where Natacha Ramsay-Levi has just taken up the reigns (in lieu of the recently departed creative director Clare Waight Keller) it seems she’s been digging through images of Sienna Miller’s indie days for inspiration. What could possibly make us say such a thing? Between the pretty flimsy, bohemian dresses there was one early Noughties staple we weren’t expecting to find: buttoned-up waistcoats. A wardrobe necessity of the indie era, this borrowed-from-the-boys waistcoat was a firm favorite with the likes of Sienna and Kate Moss. A scroll through old MySpace photo albums would uncover those who lived through the era wearing it loose over floral sundresses or, similar to how Chloé showed, over a white tee.The indie era message must have made its way to the design quarters of Saint Laurent as Anthony Vaccarello resisted another Noughties staple: the leather short. He showed billowing silk blouses and bubble skirts, tulle party tops and sequined dresses as well as a 14 pairs of abbreviated high-waist black leather shorts. A decade or so ago they would have been worn over tights, but under Vaccarello’s watchful eye they were styled bare leg with knee-high yeti boots.Falling in line with this burgeoning trend, Lacoste revisited an earlier decade with a persistent use of stonewashed denim. In doing so, they accidentally recalled the icy blue skinny jeans of tortured boybands. I wonder if Razorlight are aware?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A knitted jumper is a staple fashion item that every girl should invest in for autumn/winter. So, we teamed up with Very to create an interactive video that shows you what items pair well with a cosy knit, so that you can look on-trend all season long. You can thank us later!Watch the interactive fashion video below:Shop the entire V by Very collection here.Like this? You might be interested in:3 Ways To Wear Chunky Knitwear So That You Never Have To Take Yours OffThe One Footwear Trend From Fashion Week You Need To Know AboutStyle Stories: Try Your Hand At Styling A Leather JacketFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From her tartan power suits to her rule-breaking red carpet gowns, Princess Diana's much-celebrated style has always provided sartorial inspiration for both fashion designers and fashion fans alike.However, the latest creative to be inspired by the late royal cameas quite a surprise. Back in July, Virgil Abloh, of the Milan-based fashion label Off-White, took to Instagram to share his plan for the upcoming season with a moodboard dedictated entirely to Diana. The caption read, 'One woman, 40 Off-White looks in the works come September.'Most famous for his partnership with Kanye West, Abloh is a designer, DJ, and clearly a big royal fan. Who would have thought? Normally found creating collaborations with the likes of Nike and Ikea, art directing for Jay Z and dressing Bella Hadid, it's fair to say a collection paying homage to Lady Di didn't seem like an obvious next step.Yesterday, Abloh unveiled the collection at Off-White's Paris Fashion Week showcase, offering a modern, street-style infused take on the late Princess's signature style. Power shoulders, polka dots and pastel colours all appeared as hallmarks, while Kaia Gerber walked the runway in a fresh take on one of Diana's go-to off-duty looks, high-waisted jeans in a light wash, paired with a button-down shirt-jacket hybrid with strong statement shoulders.Among the more literal interpretations of Diana's wardrobe were tulle-laden 'princess' dresses and skirt-suits in pale blue or pink, with rounded necklines. An off-the-shoulder gown in black seemed to pay homage to the infamous 'revenge' dress, worn shortly after Prince Charles admitted to having an affair, though the Off-White girl wore hers with a roll-neck jumper.This season's unexpected style hit, the cycling shorts, made an appearance too, this time paired with a statement jacket with a sweeping waterfall detail in white. Diana, of course, was an early adopter of this particular street style trend, typically pairing hers with oversized sweatshirts in cartoonish prints.READ MORE: Princess Diana’s 10 Most Iconic Sartorial MomentsREAD MORE: Princess Diana Wore This Trend Long Before Kate MiddletonREAD MORE: Why We're Seeking To Imitate Princess Diana's Wardrobe This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Very.A knitted jumper is a staple fashion item that every girl should invest in for autumn/winter. So, we teamed up with Very to create an interactive video that shows you what items pair well with a cosy knit, so that you can look on-trend all season long. You can thank us later!Watch the interactive fashion video below:Shop the entire V by Very collection here.READ MOREHow To Work A Leather Jacket Into Your AW17 WardrobeQuiz: Your Fashion Style, Based On Where You've Been On Holiday© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I’m not even an Eastenders fan, and I think Pat Butcher (RIP) is an icon. Though that word is thrown around freely in fashion, I can prove it actually stand in this situation. The Oxford English Dictionary defines it as, ‘a person regarded as worthy of veneration’, which I think is the fairest description of Pat’s character and clothes I’ve ever come across. While everyone is hung up on her weighty ear jewels, there’s much much more to Patricia Louise Butcher (née Wicks, née Evans) than her gaudy lobes. Get comfortable, it's time to appreciate five elements that make Pat a British legend…Let's get this one out of the way. Of course, Pat has the best earring collection of anyone living or dead on TV. I’d even put money on the fact that she’s catalysed more jewellery trends than any other fictional character. The showstopping lobe-stretchers of summer ’17 look like a dangling celebration of Pat’s pizzazz if you ask me.It wasn’t just the accessories that had Pat living and dying by a more is more mantra. For, her love of a lairy eye-watering print (ideally decorating a shoulder-padded silk shirt) should not be forgotten.Pat is hardly the only Albert Square resident to have a long-standing relationship with ‘80s make-up. Well after the decade ended and new beauty trends bubbled up, blue eye-shadow (preferably applied thickly) remained Pat’s enduring go-to. Garish yes, but what else were you expecting for a woman with more leopard print blouses that Laurence Llewelyn Bowen?When you’re tanned to the colour of an old shoe the only way to make your lips show is by going hard on the neon lips. Not one to shy away from any form of sartorial statement, Pat favoured a hot pink shade.Through her brief stint in sex-work (yes, that happened), the ups and dramatic downs of her friendship with Peggy and her questionable bookkeeping skills, Pat was always defined by her sass. With a nearly finished fag dangling out of her hand and enough side-eye to scare a bear back into is cave, she was, I think we can all agree, iconic.Images courtesy of the BBCLiked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Now fashion month has hit Paris it is time to take a second and consider what we have learned from the last four weeks. And, we’re not just talking about the shows as the style on the streets has been just as influential. Of all the trends that have bubbled up, there is one that’s impossible to ignore. Not only has it been adopted by doyenne’s of fashion, but celebrities too. It’s united the likes of Eva Chen, Aimee Song and Solange Knowles. The piece in question is C[hloé's Nile Bracelet Bag.](https://www.net-a-porter.com/gb/en/product/897011/Chloe/nile-bracelet-small-textured-leather-shoulder-bagCrafted from a supple textured leather, the Nile is a moon-shaped minaudière that can be worn across the body of clasped by its bracelet-inspired handle.Nearly two decades ago the wristlet - a clutch with a hoop-handled strap for hands-free use - was the cornerstone of brands like Louis Vuitton, Coach and Marc Jacobs. It wasn’t just their affordability that was appealing, it was the fact that it was made with the modern woman and her Motorola Razr in mind. Rather than sporting an ungainly tote, they were a ‘cute’ and practical answer to the clutch bag quandary. Though not a homage, the Nile bag with its bracelet handle is an iteration of the accessories of yore.For the uninitiated, the French fashion house under the expert guidance of its recently departed designer Clare Waight Keller became known for arm candy. Arguably, they created the concept of IT bags with the launch of the padlocked Paddington shoulder bag in 2005. Over a decade later and the pace at which Chloé sets accessory trends has not slowed down. The Pixie, the Faye, the Drew and now the Nile are just a handful of the wanderlust-inspired holdalls Clare Waight Keller gave us.Regardless of its diminutive size and delicate nature, the Nile has become ubiquitous with front row attendees. Think of it as this season’s Gucci loafers, as it’s without a doubt the one bag everyone is craving.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's hard to stay sprightly when the nights are drawing in, but at least when we have to leave the warmth of our bed to battle hostile weather conditions, we can do it drowned in piles of knitwear - it really is the only redeeming aspect of winter.It's totally acceptable to bundle up as if you're still in your PJs. In fact, with jumpers the rule of thumb is the bigger the better. Our inherent proclivity to adrogynous dressing is actually convinient in winter; 'long sleeves', 'turtleneck' and 'oversized' are all on our checklist when selecting winter knitwear - the cosier the better, right?You can be as OTT or as understated as you fancy with your jumper choice. Want a classic beige knit that you will hoard in your wardrobe for the best part of a decade? We've found the jumper for you. Want something more on-trend and statement? We have you covered in that area too.From highstreet to designer, we have rounded up the best knitwear available right now that will make the last push of winter a whole lot more snug.Shop our edit of the best knitwear in the gallery belowColour-Blocked Jumper, £110, Urban Outfittersjumpers aw172of20Colour-Blocked Jumper, £110, Urban OutfittersLime Knit, £108, Free PeopleStriped Jumper, £98, AnthropologieRibbed organic stretch-cotton jersey sweater, £275, Maggie MarilynSparkle 1970 metallic knitted sweater, £295, Bella FreudMohair Open Back Pullover, £330, GanniRobin high-neck wool sweater, £225, ShrimpsStirling round-neck wool sweater, £220, A.P.CRound-neck raglan-sleeve mohair-blend sweater, £207, MasscobFair Isle Jumper, £80, BodenLeopard knit sweater, £40, MonkiCotton-blend sweater, £100, MadewellColour Block Sweater, £69, &Other StoriesGrey Knitted Jumper, £24.99, H&MPuffed sleeve sweater, £45, MonkiPink Cable Knit Round Neck, £65, TopshopMulticolour Pullover, £150, GanniSweater with ruffle sleeves, £98, J CrewGreen Ciao Cashmere Sweater, £295, Chinti & ParkerTree Of Life Sweater, £209, ReformationREAD MORE: Up Your Winter Workwear WardrobeREAD MORE: Why Everyone Is Wearing The Champion Jumper This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Designer Tommy Hilfiger is auctioning priceless items from his extensive collection of memorabilia from the worlds of fashion, art, film and pop culture, including a pair of jeans worn by Marilyn Monroe that are currently valued at around $40,000.The iconic denim in question was worn by the actress in the 1954 film River of No Return, described as ‘zip fly jeans with a single button stamped Foremost JCP Co. and two cross-stitched back pockets.’ This isn’t the first pair of Marilyn’s jeans that Hilfiger has owned and then given away: he has previously given a pair to Britney Spears and another to Naomi Campbell.Also up for grabs are a set of four signed David Bowie tarot prints (valued between $5,000 and £7,000), a collection of vintage dresses by Louis Feraud and Oscar de la Renta (previously owned by Hilfiger’s wife Dee Ocleppo) and a pair of ‘70s platform boots worn by KISS guitarist Ace Frehley.The auction will take place on October 21st at Julien’s Auctions in Los Angeles, but international bidders can also take part online by registering on juliensauctions.com beforehand. Some of the proceeds earmarked for the Autism Speaks foundation, a charitable organisation for people with autism and their families.‘I am excited to partner with Julien’s on this auction which will benefit Autism Speaks – an organisation and cause that I am passionate about,’ the designer said in a statement. ‘Inspired by my love of fashion, art, music and entertainment, the auction will offer iconic pieces from pop culture history including Marilyn Monroe’s jeans, Mick Jagger’s leather vest and Andy Warhol’s Liza Minelli and ‘Truman Capote.’‘I have been a long-time collector of American art and memorabilia and have had the privilege of enjoying these items for many years. It is time to pass them along for others to appreciate,’ he added.WATCH NOW: The Film Moments That Shaped Fashion HistoryREAD MORE: Audrey Hepburn's Wardrobe Is Up For Auction This YearREAD MORE: Karlie Kloss Just Recreated An Iconic Marilyn MomentREAD MORE: In Celebration Of Marilyn Monroe's Best Beauty Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Lauren, you’re into fashion,’ a friend asked me recently. ‘Can you please explain Cos?’ I could not explain Cos. Not really. It would be like trying to explain modern art, or radicchio salads. How do you explain the dazzling ugly-chic appeal of all those boxy shell tops and complicated £80 shirt dresses? That Farrow & Ball colour palette of muted putties and off-greys, the confusingly shapeless shapes with indeterminate functions. The Picasso-like approach to garment design. Oh, the buttons go down the back! Surprise, the collar is on sideways! Oh wait, you thought this was a pair of trousers? Hahaha, it’s actually a coat.How do you explain this skirt? Or this dress? Or this… whatever this is? How do you explain a leaf, or a dappled evening sky? How do you explain a breeze block?Cos is the intellectual older sister of the H&M family – which also includes fun siblings & Other Stories and Monki – and you just know it likes to make everyone else feel stupid at H&M family gatherings. It certainly makes me feel stupid, as well as brash, matronly, trashy, dumpy, kitschy and poor. In my head, Cos is a shop I have no business even walking into. It is a tranquil palace full of conceptual cocoon dresses and I worry my presence alone might fuck up all the lovely crisp cotton.But while I am too scared to shop at Cos, I have ideas about the kind of woman who does. She swims every day, in a pond or a salt water lido. She has a job that somehow both pays her loads of money and allows her to have a nose ring. She only wears mascara on her top lashes, or not at all. She never sweats. She has friends who own small boutique art galleries, from which she buys small boutique art. She doesn't have Facebook or a TV and only gets Netflix 'for the documentaries'. She has no problem wearing Velcro sandals to a wedding. I kind of hate her, and I really want to be her. Oh man, I want to be her.Can I ever be a Cos woman? I don’t know. But I do know that if I were a Cos woman, everything would somehow be different. If I were a Cos woman, I could wear the same clothes every day for a solid week with a different pair of statement earrings and nobody would even comment on it. All my creases would look cool and intentional.If I were a Cos woman, I would never spill on myself. Unless it was paint and it somehow looked fabulous. I would be discreetly vegan, but never mention it.If I were a Cos woman, I would go on city breaks by myself and spend whole afternoons walking very slowly round museums and canals, taking photos on my vintage Leica and not even Instagramming them.In my new life as a Cos woman, I would buy the Sunday papers to actually read them, not just to look good at brunch. I would have books of poetry and short stories by my bed, and only buy matte magazines.If were a Cos woman, I would give people one small but incredibly tasteful, thoughtful birthday gift, instead of a heap of odd, panic-bought presents and a speech of apologies and explanations to go with them. I would own napkin rings and espresso cups, and I would always have fresh lemons in the house.If I were a Cos woman, I would have one slimline leather-bound notebook that I would use to keep track of meetings, social engagements and sometimes to jot down several lines of beautiful poetry – instead of just replying to all invites with ‘ummm yes in theory, yess!’ then frantically searching ‘26 August’ in Gmail and Facebook because I just have a feeling I’ve already got something that day.And if I were a Cos woman, I would know how to say no to socialising without tangling myself in a guilty web of lies. ‘I just feel I wouldn’t bring the right energy this week, y’know? I really need some time at home to recalibrate,’ I would say, and everyone would nod and understand and nobody would bitch about it on a separate WhatsApp thread.If I were a Cos woman, I would probably volunteer with a youth outreach programme teaching pottery to underprivileged children. I would know how to keep plants alive and I would cycle everywhere, even to parties.If I were a Cos woman, I would be able to bump into colleagues and distant acquaintances and have a smooth, friendly chat, rather than hiding under a table or getting off the train three stops before mine. I would always be able to judge the correct number of cheek-kisses. I’d go to panel discussions for fun, and the dentist for regular check-ups. I would have amazing hair but seem barely aware of it.And if anyone ever asked me to explain my outfit, I would shrug and say, ‘oh – just ’Cos.’Liked this? You might also be interested in:How To Get To The End Of Summer Without Buying Any More StuffA First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAll The Clothes We Want To Wear Now From Coyote UglyFollow Lauren on Instagram @laurenbravoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Of the 80 looks Christian Dior showed at Paris Fashion Week yesterday it is one single piece from the spring/summer 2018 collection that poses an ethical dilemma. The item in question is a long-sleeve Breton with the words ‘Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?’ printed across its chest. The slogan is lifted directly from Linda Nochlin’s groundbreaking 1971 essay of the same name.  It's a bloody good question but this isn’t the first time the label’s womenswear artistic director Maria Grazia Chiuri has taken a feminist mantra from another female activist to make a fashion statement.Nearly a year to the day, Dior’s Maria Grazia Chiuri made her debut at the house with a collection that has also become defined by a singular t-shirt. Across the front of the unembellished white t-shirt was written the title of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie’s book ‘We Should All Be Feminists’.Using clothing as a political canvas is nothing new. Katherine Hamnett’s ‘Choose Life’ to MP Caroline Lucas’ ‘No More Page Three’ tees are just recent examples of people in the public eye pinning their political credentials to their chest. But, what Dior is doing is different. The label has twisted somebody else’s words into an Instagrammable moment. It is ignorant at best, damaging at worst. When a Fashion House as internationally well-regarded and closely watched as Dior dances with feminist slogans, the high street follows. ASOS, Misguided and Prettylittething now sell tops scrawled with the word ‘feminist’. This isn't progression it's big business co-opting a phrase. Not only does it sanitise the call to arms, but it suggests the business practices of fashion don’t at some point in their production cycle take advantage of the poorest women in society.This is not a problem limited to Dior. American-based designer Prabal Gurung feels comfortable shifting t-shirts that read ‘My Boyfriend Is A Feminist’ and ‘The Future Is Female’, which echoes the wording of Otherwild’s charity t-shirt. When it came to be sold, Dior charged $170 for its ‘We Should All Be Feminists’ tops and donated a portion of sales to  Rihanna's charity, the Clara Lionel Foundation.Did Dior ask to borrow Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie’s or Linda Nochlin’s words? Who knows. But that is only a kernel of the problem. While corporations put a price on feminism and make it a sellable concept that’s as dictated as any other statement by the whims of fashion, we all have a dilemma to face.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Maria Grazia Chiuri made her debut at Dior last year, the 'We Should All Be Feminists' T-shirt was the most talked about piece in her collection. A quote from an essay written by esteemed writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, the politically-charged piece became an instant bestseller, worn by Dior girls including Jennifer Lawrence, Rihanna and Natalie Portman. It even sparked controversy when naysayers criticised Dior for not donating any money to women's charities (which the fashion house soon rectified) and no doubt inspired other designers to be more bold with their political stances, with slogan-mania hitting the catwalks.Now, Chiuri has proven that she's not done with feminism yet, showing a new mantra-emblazoned tee for spring/summer 2018. Model Sasha Pivovarova opened yesterday's Dior show in a navy and white striped long-sleeved T-shirt, which read: 'Why Have There Been No Great Female Artists?' The slogan is a quote from an essay by art historian Linda Nochlin written in 1971, which accompanied the show notes left on seats. In the essay, Nochlin argued that there has been a lack of women recognised as leading artists throughout history, and was a landmark in art history at the time. The casting choice was poignant, too, as Pivovarova is an artist as well as a model.WATCH: Burberry's best FROWsElsewhere at the show, Chiuri was inspired by the late French-American sculptor Niki de Saint Phalle, whose mosaic-tiled work was referenced in the set as well as sequinned dresses, like the one worn by Adwoa Aboah. There were berets, like last season, but this time they were direct replicas of the veiled ones that De Saint Phalle wore. Chiuri's signature pretty sheer dresses with visible underwear trimmed with Christian Dior branding were also present, plus black and white checkerboard prints on coats and socks.READ MORE: Milan Fashion Week: Trends Are Out, Meta References Are InREAD MORE: The Best Milan Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The larger-than-life spirit of Milan has always been enough to prevent jaded editors from falling into a mid-fashion month slump, but for S/S’18 you’d be hard-pressed to pick out the seasonal cluster of trends to knot together the Italian city’s eclectic brands. Instead, one of the few commonality to be drawn between the headline shows (Gucci, Dolce, Versace et al) was that each brand seemed intent upon exaggerating, riffing upon and endlessly referencing their particular fashion DNA over any outside influences. To put it as a paradox, the only similarity was an interest in what makes each label different from the rest (that, and the socks. Never have socks been such a talking point).First, take Gucci. Since Alessandro Michele took the helm at the heritage label back in 2015, the design wunderkind has ushered in an entirely new aesthetic: out went the out-and-out sexiness associated with Tom Ford’s tenure, and the more pared-back (and, arguably, less memorable) stylings of Frida Giannini, in came an eclectic, colourful maximalism that embraced clashing prints, ‘70s references and old-school branding. It’s proved to be a wildly successful tactic, one that has managed to win over influencers and (crucially) boost profits, so it’s hardly surprising that subsequent collections – including S/S’18 – have riffed on this winning formula in different ways. For S/S’18, the ‘70s stylings were explicitly glam-rock, with Elton John’s stage costumes cited as a reference point. Sequinned dresses decked out in huge bows and outré outerwear appeared to take Michele hallmarks (Big sleeves! Logo mania! Geek glasses!) and then push them to their logical extremes, making them as Gucci as possible. In another act of self-reference, Gucci became ‘Guccy,’ appearing in modified spelling on next season’s accessories. There were new elements too – you can’t make eclecticism your ‘thing’ without bringing more and more references to the table, after all – but this collection was very much about the Gucci-ness of the thing.Then there’s Moschino. Season after season, Jeremy Scott embraces the cartoonish side of fashion often literally: this time around, he teamed up with My Little Pony for a colourful collaboration (featuring the luxe lunch box that pre-teen dreams were made of). Here, it’s never about picking a trend but about revelling in showmanship – whether that’s a petal dress that wilfully disintegrates as the model walks the runway or Gigi Hadid trussed up as a bouquet – and identifying the micro-accessories that will go on to play a supporting role in next season’s street style images. Scott is a designer perfectly suited for the social media era: his designs are perfectly weighted to make an impact in our Instagram feeds, rather than play into the trend game.Dolce & Gabbana, meanwhile, achieve the same ends through slightly different means. Rather than deviating wildly from season to season, the design duo stick closely to a signature, quintessentially Italian aesthetic: the bold prints, the crowns, the little black dresses. Every season, it’s the subtle deviations from this formula that maintain our interest – that, and the brand’s fondness for casting headline-grabbing models that number royals (Lady Amelia Windsor), celebrity offspring (Anais Gallagher, Rafferty Law) and viral sensations (Thylane Blondeau, aka ‘the most beautiful girl in the world’).Finally, there’s Versace. For Donatella, self-reference came in the form of a ‘greatest hits’ style medley. Marking the 20th anniversary of her brother Gianni’s death, the designer brought back some of his most iconic ‘90s looks: the black-and-yellow Baroque print series, Vogue cover patterns, larger-than-life leopard print and embellished leather jackets. These are all styles that scream Versace, operating outside of trends in a brilliantly meta fashion bubble. And then, of course, there were the supermodels: what could better encapsulate Milan’s self-referential spirit than bringing out Naomi Campbell, Helena Christensen, Cindy Crawford, Carla Bruni and Claudia Schiffer to the tune of George Michael’s ‘Freedom?’READ MORE: London Fashion Week S/S'18: The Only Trends You Need To KnowREAD MORE: The Five Trends You Need To Know From New York Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s always a hubbub outside a show. Yet at London Fashion Week,the good-natured buzz of street style photographers papping editors and celebrities arriving was replaced with something louder and far more aggressive.This season, anti-fur protestors – organised by activist group Surge – targeted the Burberry, Versus and Gareth Pugh shows. Demonstrators covered in fake blood, bearing placards that showed dead animals, were held back by security. Chanting: ‘Shame on you!’ at the attendees, the mood was intimidating; blogger Susie Bubble reported being spat at. The protestors, who also staged a three-day demonstration outside the British Fashion Council’s HQ at 180 The Strand, were campaigning to get the BFC to ban fur on the London catwalks.So, do we still need to rally against fur? Is it really a big thing any more? In a statement, the BFC clarified its position: ‘The British Fashion Council does not dictate what designers can or cannot design and has no control over their creative process. We encourage designers to ensure that if they choose to work with fur, they work with reputable organisations that supply ethically sourced fur.’According to PETA (who many erroneously assumed was behind the demos), however, there is no such thing. ‘Fur farming was banned in the UK nearly 20 years ago – and the BFC, which leads the fashion industry, must catch up. PETA will be pushing to sit down with council members to explain that investigation after investigation has shown the same thing: that there’s no ethical way to obtain fur,’ says Yvonne Taylor, PETA’s director of corporate projects. ‘Animals on fur farms spend their short lives inside tiny cages, denied the opportunity to roam, play and do anything else that comes naturally – and they’re always killed in violent ways.’But are people in the UK even using fur any more? The shows targeted by Surge didn’t feature any at all. And the irony of shouting ‘Shame!’ at show attendees was that many have already turned their back on the fur industry.Retail giants such as Selfridges and Net-A-Porter are fur-free, as are mega- brands including Giorgio Armani, Tommy Hil ger and Ralph Lauren; at Grazia we’re proud to have a fur-free policy, as do many other British fashion magazines. A PETA poll of every designer who showed at London found 86% didn’t use fur in their A/W ’16 collections. Still, that means 14% did – so there’s clearly an argument to be made.A BFC ban would surely have a trickle- down effect. In a letter sent to Caroline Rush, CEO of the BFC, PETA urged, ‘The BFC has a tremendous opportunity to help foster a fur-free future. We urge you to make a powerful ethical statement by becoming a part of the growing movement towards compassion in fashion.’Certainly, the alternatives are now so compelling, why not go faux? ‘With so many eco-friendly and beautiful vegan fabrics, there really is no excuse for using, wearing or promoting the real thing. Most people – whether on the front row or standing on the streets – agree fur has no place on our catwalks,’ says PETA’s Taylor.The younger generation are on-board – like Hannah Weiland of cool faux-fur brand Shrimps. ‘I have never used real fur for personal reasons. That said, I think everyone should have the freedom of choice,’ she says. ‘However, the luxurious quality of modern faux fur makes any argument for real fur much harder.’ Weiland isn’t the only young name making a stand – last year, she joined Molly Goddard and Faustine Steinmetz in sending a letter to Central Saint Martins students urging them not to use it.There’s no doubt the protests put fur back at the top of the fashion agenda – people were talking about it all week. The real shame is that aggressive protest can do more harm than good, turning people off discussing the issue at all.WATCH NOW: The Best Burberry Front RowsREAD MORE: London Fashion Week: The Trends You Need To KnowREAD MORE: London Fashion Week: The Best Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Appearing on US chat show Chelsea last week Emma Stone gave us a sneak peek at what to expect from the highly anticipated H&M x Erdem collaboration.Sporting a matching snowdrop print pyjama shirt and trousers made from black silk satin, the Oscar-winning actress is the first celebrity to be spotted in the hotly tipped designer high street partnership.Hardly a surprise when you consider Stone’s love for the London-based brand, and the number of times she has turned to the designer for red carpet appearances.With the shirt and trousers worn by Stone costing £79.99 and £69.99 respectively, we predict these items to be an instant sellout.WATCH NOW: Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling Reveal Their Most Challenging Experiences In La La LandAnnounced in July of this year, Erdem follow in the very successful footsteps of Balmain, Isabel Marant and Kenzo by creating an affordable collection with the Swedish high street giant.  While little is known about the collection as of yet, we can expect to see Erdem’s signature aesthetic (think florals, intricate detailing and feminine shapes) reimagined at a much more affordable price point.The hype around the new collab has been building following Erdem’s SS18 show at London Fashion Week - a beautiful collection inspired the Queen’s 1950s wardrobe.Available in store and online from the 2nd November, the countdown is officially now on.READ MORE: H&M Teams Up With Erdem For Latest Designer CollaborationREAD MORE: Emma Stone Is Now Hollywood's Highest Paid ActressREAD MORE: Andrew Garfield Says He Still Loves Emma Stone (Sob)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The third city of fashion is set to step up this season as Milan welcomes the fash pack to witness their interpretation of this season's must-have trends.And unlike New York's nonchalant 'cool girl' aesthetic and London's urban homegrown sartorial taste, Milan is renowned for that little extra flair.We're talking pussybow blouses, floral chiffon skirts and dwindly stilettos aplenty. And yesterday, the city launched the season with Gucci (who else?) and the fash pack flocked in from far and wide to see Alessandro Michele's sartorial offerings.And no matter how much media coverage the show received, photographers were quick to snap the fashion happening outside of the catwalk instead. Bloggers, style influencers and the biggest names in fashion took to the streets in their finest clobber.We've rounded up the best looks coveted outside of the shows by the Italian style tribe so you can add to your evergrowing shopping wish list.FYI, these are the trends to invest in this season:A late noughties trend we never thought we’d see returning, the wide waist belt was spotted on a string of street style stars at the shows. Sling over a midi dress like this show goer for instant style kudos.For an AW17 update on your shoe wardrobe, in particular your ankle boot collection, consider investing in a pair of pointed sock boots. A sleek option that can be worn just as well with raw hemmed jeans as it can be with a pleated midi.The gift that keeps on giving when it comes to accessories, the humble silk scarf can be worn in a myriad of ways. Our favourite? Tied as a neck scarf - a simple way to add a touch of French chic to any #ootd.The cool girl way to do pulled-together dressing, matchy matchy suits have been everywhere this season. Whether you go for Daz white, fuschia pink or heritage check, a tailored suit always makes an elegant statement.Officially the hat to be seen in this autumn, the baker boy hat gives any outfit an up-to-date feel. Bonus points if it’s corduroy.Move over millennial pink, red is the new ‘it’ hue of choice by fashion editors and street stylers alike. The easiest way to pay homage is via a red dress the dancing lady emoji would be proud to don.Make sure to keep an eye on the best street style looks as they drop:Keep cosy by throwing a cape over your jeans and knit. milan street style ss182of14Keep cosy by throwing a cape over your jeans and knit. This show goer styles her checked trousers with two of this season's must have accessories: Vans slip ons and a baker boy hat. Shoulder robe your mac to instantly add cool points to your ensemble. A feminine pale pink jumpsuit is toughened up with the addition of grey sock boots and a metallic box clutch. Dress up a simple hoody and khaki jacket with thigh high boots. Give a summer maxi a new lease of life with the addition of a shirt and ankle boots. Our collective obsession with floral midi dresses shows no signs of waning as this show goer proves. Take your cue from this street styler and give your summer dress and AW update with the addition of a trophy jacket and sock boots. Tick off two trends in one with thigh high boots and a waist belt bag. Pandora Sykes styles a heritage check coat with yellow kitten heels and matching hued sunnies. A floaty midi, shirt and ankles boots is the easiest of weekend outfit formulas. There's no such thing as floral overload as this show goer proves with her matching coat and boots. READ MORE: The Best New York Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: The Best London Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to Jeanne Damas observers, casually call her the ‘epitome of “French Girl Cool”’ and a ‘style icon’. After all, this Parisian It girl is able to throw together endlessly pleasing ensembles that set rather than riff on trends. Last night at Jacquemus’ spring/summer 2018 show during Paris Fashion Week she cast her expert fashion wizardry to breathe new life into an item in the most unexpected way.Every fashion week brings a corpus of new street style trends. But, what we saw last night we weren’t expecting to see (so soon). Over the summer, you may have noticed, the rustic straw bag became the IT accessory to hold. Considering its intrinsic expiry date plus its humble and essentially non-luxurious status it was the last thing we thought we would see a darling of France's Fashion Week holding. Yet, there was Jeanne Damas dressed in a diminutive Jacquemus party dress clutching a raffia handbag.When the weather was warm, the basket bag became a byword for conjuring up visions of Jane Birkin in the South of France, rambling flea markets and sandy seaside excursions with salt whipping your hair. For winter, this romanticism doesn’t sit right. However, as front row-fodder Damas shows it is reductive to think as this 1970s accessory as limited to just the summertime.As the crisp air of autumn sets in, a lo-fi functionalism of a wicker bag adds an edge of wanderlust to a post-watershed outfit. Here, Damas has twinned her shoes to her off-beat bag to elevate her little black dress. Let this accessory be not only a reminder of the heat that will come again but also the freewheeling attitude that's inherent in summer. Come winter, we'll all need this reminder!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While North Korea hunkered down and refined its atom bomb formula, Milan Fashion Week came to a close. Though the two aren’t in any way related it’s just a mere glimpse into the variety of ridiculous events that stole headline space over the last seven days. Try as I might its impossible to take a silly thing like fashion with the weight and gravitas it wants when a rocket man is on the verge of enacting total world destruction. Just keep that tidbit in your back pocket while you enjoy five seriously off-the-scale bonkers things that happened at Italy’s chicest happening...I’m all for protecting your visitor from the sun’s harmful rays, but how Dolce & Gabbana is proposing, we do it is just plain ludicrous. Between the walking billboard design and the creepy plastic hands, I put my hands up and say, Brenda, I just don’t know what fashion is anymore!WATCH NOW: Desk To Date Hair With Bumble When does kitsch crossover into chintzy? Now, that’s the question I’d like to ask Jeremey Scott who made Gigi Hadid walk the runway dressed as a bunch of flowers for his Moschino show. Yes, I get the, 'Florals for spring? Groundbreaking' reference, but I’m still not buying this ludicrous femme floral collection. However, it make a brilliant Halloween costume.While the world clapped and cooed at Donatella Versace curating a supermodel reunion, I was left scratching my head. Let me explain why: The brand’s original supermodel line-up happened in 1991 when the late designer, Gianni, sent Linda Evangelista, Christy Turlington, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell down the runway lip-syncing to George Michael’s Faith. For whatever reason, Donatella failed to reunite the whole gang, instead subbing in Carla Bruni, Helena Christensen and Claudia Schiffer to replace Linda and Christy. Hope it wasn’t a snub!Old school Italian glamour may have been what Tod’s was aiming for, but what it amounted to was Kendall Jenner wearing a ‘going-out top’. For those uninitiated amongst us, in the early 2000s ladies of all ages, creeds and interests had one weapon in their wardrobe’s arsenal that could take their jeans from daytime slobbery to going out-out appropriate. Though they came in many guises a favourite among many was a silken handkerchief tied in a halterneck. Sound familiar, Tod’s?Image courtesy of Susie BubbleSome might say Gucci took it’s mystical themed show a little too far. Those ‘some’ would be the editors that didn’t eat enough carrots in advance. For, Gucci chose to present their collection under a cloak of lilac dusk with the smoke machine on full blast. Oceana flashbacks, for sure!Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As Milan Fashion Week comes to an end, let's spend a hot second appreciating one of Italy’s most innovative youth-driven brands: Fiorucci. Naysayers will point out that the recently relaunched label actually doesn’t show at MFW, nor did even open its first store (in yonks) in Italy (it was in London, to be precise). But, with a legacy that stretches to introducing the world to skinny jeans for women and dressing the Studio 54 set, now is certainly the time to pay Fiorucci its belated dues.WATCH NOW: What Ella Eyre Is Wearing To V Festival Courtesy of a Sister Sledge song, He’s the Greatest Dancer, Fiorucci (along with Halston and Gucci) is inextricably linked to Twentieth Century pop culture. Namely, the late ‘70s and early ‘80s when disco ruled the radio waves and when fashion, art, celebrity, and music met on the dance floor of New York’s Studio 54 and Max’s of Kansas City. For decades since - even when Fiorucci went into decline - the label has served as inspiration for brands as far afield as Marc Jacobs and Topshop.Now back in business and with a store in Soho to prove it, it’s time to cash in on this brand’s legendary status. Look to their iconic cherub tees for an instant (or should that be an Instagram) hit or invest in their vinyl jeans to twin with the fashion set. Here are our 11 favourite pieces from Fiorucci’s first collection in decades…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget cupcakes at Magnolia bakery or cosmos at Scout, when it comes to quintessential Sex and the City experiences, it doesn’t get much better than shoe shopping with Carrie.  A dream come true for any diehard SATC fan, and one Airbnb are actually making a reality.Sarah Jessica Parker has teamed up with the online marketplace to offer an afternoon of a lifetime for four lucky Carrie wannabes. Tilted ‘Sole of the City with SJP’, the two hour experience will include a tour of some of the actress’ favourite spots in her beloved hometown of New York.Staring at Bloomingdale’s the tour will kick off with a tour of the iconic store from SJP herself including, of course, the shoe department. Here Parker will talk you through her SJP Collection and how the Big Apple inspired its designs, and you will even take home a pair of her shoes as a momento of your special day.WATCH NOW: Kate Moss: Fashion Through the AgesAfter a tiring afternoon of shopping you will break at Forty Carrots for what Parker calls ‘the best frozen yogurt in NYC’ before you take your VIP seats at the New York City Ballet.The only catch? The experience will set you back £306.  While it’s certainly not cheap we consider it pretty good value when you think that it includes a pair of shoes, tickets to the ballet and a money-can't-buy afternoon with Sarah Jessica Parker. Plus, better still, all proceeds from the tickets will go to the New York City Ballet, where Parker is a board member.If this sounds right up your street you better move quick, there’s only four spots, and they're likely to go pretty fast.Find out more here. READ MORE: SJP's New Show Will Be Nothing Like Sex And The CityREAD MORE: Sarah Jessica Parker Is Opening Her First Ever Fashion BoutiqueREAD MORE: Sarah Jessica Parker Confirms A Third Sex And The City Film Might Be On The Cards© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With autumn/winter around the corner, we bet that you're going to want to stock up on a whole plethora of jumpers and cardis - although tbh, we think one really great one will see you through. In fact, we're so confident, that The Debrief's writer Daisy Keens as paired up with fashion brand Very to create three stylish outfits that incorporate an oversized, chunky jumper and work for virtually any occasion this winter. Whether you've got a big serious work meeting, or a big serious date.Jumper, Very; Embellished jeans, Very; Pixie boots, VeryThe big trick when it comes to making an oversized jumper work is in mixing up proportions, textures and colours. Simply marry it with delicately detailed trousers (like these floral embroidered ones from Very), and some statement boots. If you want to create a bit more definition, tuck the front section of your jumper into your jeans, and leave the back hanging out.Jumper, Very; Check jacket, Very; Check trousers, Very; Chelsea boots, VeryWant to ace that interview, or bag yourself that promotion you've been eyeing up? Or just be that really cool girl who's totally rocking a trouser suit in the pub and making everyone else jealous? Daisy recommends picking a simply patterned blazer and tailored trouser combo, and marrying the duo with the aforementioned chunky knit. And don't worry if your jumper is longer than the jacket: let the sleeves peek through the bottom of your blazer  - you'll look tres cool and devil-may-care - we promise.Jumper, Very; Trousers, Very; Pixie boots, VeryIf you're going out out, but don't want to ditch your now beloved (trust us, it will be beloved) chunky jumper, a bold and bright bottom half is the order of the day. So, dig out your brightest coloured trousers (these aren't just for summer, you know), and pair them with a knitted jumper and some eye-catching metallic boots.Try your hand at styling your own knitwear, below...*Shop the entire V by Very collection here**Like this? You may be interested in:Dear Debrief...Where Can I Buy Clip-On Earrings If I'm Too Old For Claire's?16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear Them3 Ways To Wear A Leather Jacket That Will Have Heads Turning**Follow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatz[](https://twitter.com/ariannachatz)**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Very.Don’t get us wrong: we love a thick jumper, but oversized ones can be tricky to style. That's why fashion brand Very challenged our Style Editor Polly Knight to create three fashion-forward looks that prove the humble jumper should take pride of place in our autumn/winter wardrobes.Jumper, Very; Printed dress, VeryThought your cosy knitwear was reserved for the sofa? Think again! Layer a thick jumper over a printed mini dress for a fashionable look that can be worn after dark. Trust us: a night out has never been this comfy!Jumper, Very; Check jacket, VeryA fail-safe way to wear an XXL jumper on the casual is to marry it with classic black trousers and a long, tailored grey blazer. This way, you'll look on-trend for the season, but you'll still be all snuggly.Jumper, Very; Check trousers, Very; Suede heels, VeryAn oversized jumper can make you look top-heavy. Balance it out with some tailored trousers and slick black shoes, and you'll be ready to strut down the office like it's nobody's business.Try your hand at styling this cosy knit in our video:Shop the entire V by Very collection here.READ MOREQuiz: Your Fashion Style, Based On Where You've Been On Holiday5 Instagram-Approved Ways To Wear A Silk ScarfCoats That Will Actually Make You Look Forward To Winter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Come one, come all, as I slowly but surely convince you to elevate your joggers' status from 'it's Sunday and I'LL BE DAMNED if you're getting me in anything more than clothes that share DNA with pyjamas' to 'so, which pair of these super sweet jersey sweats do you think looks best with my Paris Hilton, circa 2002, chainmail top?' I sense reluctance on your part and rightly so. Sweats are sweats for a reason. But, lest I remind you, track is well and truly back (cc: Vetements) and, let's be real, why wouldn't you want to adopt a lifestyle in which your slob cobber is good for more than the milk run. I rest my case.ASOS Joggers With Side Stripe Co-Ord, £25I'm putting an end to the confusion once and for all: this is truly what they meant when they said 'business casj'. I did the digging and the sartorial powers that be gave this shirty and tracky combo the thumbs up. I, too, am giving it the proverbial thumbs up because the elasticized waistband ensures that I can go H.A.M. at the chocolate fountain, free from the worry that a cinched-in waist is impeding my ability to top my record amount of marshmallows consumed in one sitting. (22, FYI.)ASOS WHITE Knitted Crotch Drop Jogger With Seam Detail, £55Swing low, sweet drop crotch. May I present to you the perfect trouser for smuggling cantaloupe. I imagine. Also a pretty perfect trouser to wear with a sheer crop and a pair of bedazzled leopard heels, but I feel as though the cantaloupe thing is a stronger sell.ASOS Oversized Wide Leg Joggers, £25I have repeated this outfit upwards of seven times. I shit you not. Why? Maybe it's the surprise element - "you're wearing wide leg... jogging bottoms?! And a... ballet leotard?! And a... pair of feather sleeves?! U OK, hun?!" - or maybe it's because the wide leg facilitates my strong desire to vent my lower half at all times. Either way, I have since bought three more pairs of this exact pant and I implore you to do the same.Similar: ASOS WHITE Paperbag Jogger, £45It seems like only yesterday we were all lamenting the return of the dress-over-trouser nightmare we thought we'd lived through (read: survived) in the early aughts. Maybe it was?! I've lost track of time. Accepting joggers as a way of life will do that to you. You lose any semblance of normality. Alas, here we are: our trousers and our dresses reunited once more. I have upped that much alluded to ante by teaming mine with a gown worthy of the TV Choice Awards red carpet (no tea, no shade, no pink lemonade) but which is actually a bargain I picked up in the nightwear section of ASOS. (And the award for most frugal spender goes to MEEEEE!!!!)ASOS Joggers With Dragon Embroidery Co-Ord, £30Between you and me, I think I really nailed the whole fling-your-arm-casually-across-your-body-so-as-to-show-off-your-dragon-embroidered-sleeve pose. Would you agree? You know what, I wouldn't care all that much if you didn't because LOOK AT HOW GREAT THIS SET IS! LOOK AT IT, WILL YOU! If I had any boxes to my name, this would tick all of them.Like This? You might also be interested in...[3 Things To Know About Rihanna's SS18 Fenty Show](https://thedebrief.co.uk/style/fashion/rihanna-fenty-puma-spring-summer-2018-20170968210)What To Wear To Work On Your First Day Of A New Job11 Times I Dare You Not To Buy From ZaraFollow Daisy on Instagram @pieandfash This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion is a fickle beast, changing its mind quicker than you can click your fingers. To keep you abreast of what’s hot and what’s been put on ice, here’s your guide to Milan Fashion Week’s biggest revelations.One editor described it as a ‘lump in your throat moment’ when the curtains of Versace’s catwalk pulled back to reveal a tableau of Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell, Claudia Schiffer, Carla Bruni, and Helena Christensen dressed in chainmail gowns. It was the ultimate tribute Donatella could pay to her late brother Gianni.The camp glamour of Gucci’s spring/summer 2018 show wasn’t without a dose of the surreal. Alessandro Michele presented a powerhouse of references that jumped from Elton John to the occult in one breath.Pack away your ankle boots for another year because street style royalty has ruled that there is only one shoe to be seen in this season: The over-the-knee boot. Wear it with a long flowing Gunnie Sax dress to really win.It’s official, the death knell on athleisure has rung. Pack away those oh so comfy sweatpants because things are about to take a turn for the tailored. Suits ruled the runways of Max Mara and wacky, esoteric tailoring was the order of the day at Gucci.Minimalism was not a buzz word of Milan Fashion Week. It wasn’t even a silent whisper. From the gaudy prints at Versace to the bold weaves of Missoni and the flower girls at Moschino, maximalism ruled supreme.More like up don’t as long sleek dead straight hair became a lite motif of Milan’s shows. Designers with as varied aesthetics as Bottega Veneta, Dolce & Gabbana, Versace and Salvatore Ferragamo all agreed on the GHD look, which must mean it’s a trend to stay!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion Month is nearing to a close, but while the marathon of invitation-only events continues an editor needs to be prepared. However, this is easier said than done when you consider the minuscular size of this season’s most in-demand handbags.After hopping from New York, to London and most recently to Milan, Grazia’s fashion editor has learnt a thing or two about packing light without forsaking style. Though trainers and sweatpants sound ideal for running between Versace and Gucci shows and hot-footing it from Max Mara to Moschino, the resident street style photographers require sartorial subtlety and great composure. Hence, this fashion editor has cracked the algorithm: Elevate an outfit - even one of the most comfortable kind - with a handbag worthy of at least 1,000 Instagram Likes.Though Chloe’s covetable Pixie Bag may look scant in size, it’s roomy interior belies the eye. For stressful commutes between appointments, a pair of collapsable rose gold Beats wireless headphones are a must. Likewise a pair of geometric sunglasses, like these from Quay, is a stylish way of blocking out the irksome while adding a touch of glamour.Hidden inside, you’ll find a blusher-come-lipstick from Rihanna’s Fenty Beauty line. With a Lilliputian tote, it’s important to find dual-use products. That said, to a neutral coloured E.L.F. liquid lipstick might be the saving grace to give your make-up a 5 pm pick-me-up at the end of a long working day. And, then, of course, you have the essentials: iPhone, credit card and pen as well as a Smythson diary for noting down key pieces from each show.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to finding outfit ideas via Instagram we have a handful of accounts we rely on for guaranteed inspiration. One of those belongs to TV presenter, food editor and one half of the Jackson & Levine supperclub team, Laura Jackson.This weekend Jackson married her photographer boyfriend Jon Gorrigan in a beach ceremony in the Cornish village of Porthscatho, and naturally we were intrigued to see what she would choose to wear for her big day.Jackson didn’t disappoint choosing a beautiful high necked ruffled gown from London designer Rejina Pyo.The Korean-born designer has become a London fashion week favourite these past few seasons, and a go-to choice for the street style set. A graduate of Central Saint Martins’ prestigious MA program and an alumni of Roksanda Ilincic, Pyo is famed for her playful yet elegant aesthetic. In fact, this past fashion month the likes of Pandora Sykes, Tamu Mcpherson and Jan-Michael Quammie have all been spotted wearing her colourful balloon sleeved dresses.WATCH NOW: Alexa Chung's Style EvolutionSweeping her hair back with a pair of pearl hair slides from designer Simone Rocha, Jackson kept the rest of her look simple and let her dress do the talking.Considering Jackson’s supper club experience it was hardly surprising that every last detail was thought of when it came to the wedding decor. This included a stunning table set-up and flower arrangements from fashion’s favourite florist, East London duo Worm London.Talk about #wedding goals.READ MORE: Pippa Middleton's Wedding In PicturesREAD MORE: The Unconventional Bride: Why I’m Having A Social Media Ban At My WeddingREAD MORE: 12 Stylish Wedding Guest Dresses You'll Actually Want To Wear Again© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s not even officially winter yet, and we’re already obsessed with this new footwear craze. While it’s hard to beat the classic appeal of a pair of black leather ankle boots, the street style sirens at Milan Fashion Week have found a way to make over-the-knee boots our kryptonite. By showing they can be worn with anything and everything, we’ve got enough proof to know these shoes are versatile enough to take us through the dark, cold days of December and out into the sunshine of next spring.We’re not going to lie to you: OTK boots have never sat quite right with us, regardless of who’s designed them they are always tainted by images of swashbuckling pirates. While there are plenty of Puss in Boots examples out there, there are now more fantastic fashionable moments to counter these panto connotations.Though OTK boots crawled the catwalks of Saint Laurent, Altruzzara and Givenchy last February, it’s the way the fashion set has been wearing them IRL that has us hooked. Rather than tucking their boots into jeans or teaming them with slinky, skimpy dresses, the likes of Eva Chen and Anna Dello Russo have been teaming them with skirts. And, not just one silhouette, all kinds of long, short, flowing, A-Line and tailored skirts.After seasons of sheer and revealing trends, there is a movement underway to more modest dressing. Embracing the female form without actually showing it is part of the appeal of the up-and-coming brand Rejina Pyo and Victoria Beckham’s label. Delivering long-sleeves and even longer-hems has been the raison d’être of these two brands. As we progress into winter, this look continues is made a heck of a lot easier with the addition of leg-covering OTK boots.Technically speaking, the look is called lampshading and has been doing the rounds for years. Like, nearly three years. But, don’t let its lack of newness put you off because its still afresh way to give your summer dress a little more life. Try one of the six boots below with a handkerchief hemmed dress or a flowing midi skirt to be on point from now until next year…Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a reason everyone refers to black, not red dresses as a wardrobe staple. It’s because there is no such thing as a simple red dress. Never has been, never will be.By its very nature, scarlet is the calling card of sirens and politics, the fiery hue is ablaze with danger and confidence. Crimson is the colour of menstruation and valentines day, its the shade that colours Hollywood’s glamorous carpets and The Handmaid’s Tale’s fertile prisoners. Its power, desire and love distilled in one bold note. And, in the current mixed-up political climate, this very shade has come into its own. Pushing past the fad for millennial pink, red in all its brash, brave glory has bubbled up as winter’s big trend.WATCH NOW: Is The Miss England Competition Anti-Feminist?The first clue that everyone would be seeing red this season came during the autumn/winter 2017 catwalk shows. Designers know that when they book models like Kendall Jenner, Gigi or Bella Hadid to walk their runways that it will be pictures of these women that will come to visually define their collections. And, as ever their images did spread like wildfire over the web and magazines from the moment they were clicked on the catwalk. Notably, labels like Max Mara, Fendi, Givenchy and Prada decided unanimously to dress these women all in one notable shade: scarlet. Take it as a sign that red is autumn's fashionable calling card.Lucky for us, the high street has already clocked the trend and has been finetuning it just in time for us to start geeing up for winter. The likes of ASOS, Topshop and Wharehouse have taken a leaf out of Valentino's design book as above all else he is known for designing reams of elegant red dresses.  Just see for yourself...Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London’s five days of Fashion Week are arguably too short. Why? For a city so jam-packed with women reneging on outdated style rules, the length of a working week is not enough to showcase their idiosyncratic sense of style. Paris can keep its Bretons and Milan can have its glamour because what London has is off-kilter style worthy of being admired. And, that we did. While double tapping and scrolling through Instagram these were the five girls that stood out as the best dressed of LFW…Vinyl sales are on the up and not just the ones you can spin. Emerging as one of the most prominent street style trends of the season, the wet look, which singer Mable is making a strong case for has this strategically cool texture.DJ Siobhan Bell could school the world in athleisure, and it’s one lesson we might actually pay attention to. From her Skepta-designed Nike kicks to her  Tommy Hilfiger tracks and her Fendi bag, this girl provides a window into how London girls dress.When Leomie Anderson isn’t walking the catwalk, she’s treating the real world like one. Dressed in a silver chainmail Fannie Schiavoni dress and Jimmy Choo heels for Love Magazine’s party, she redefined the meaning of silver fox.If there is anyone who knows how to embrace the chaos of clashing colours it’s model Naomi Shimada. Unlikely combinations like tangerine and vermillion create the drama of the runway in a real-life setting; it’s just a matter of having the confidence to dismiss so-called fashion ‘rules’. FYI Naomi got her taste of the rainbow from Karen Millen and Marques' Almeida.Selah Marley AKA Lauren Hill’s daughter and Bob’s granddaughter isn’t just another famous offspring, she’s a model with the ability to make every second a fashion moment. And, yes we’re jealous of her Simone Rocha dress and blindingly white sneakers.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Necklines showing skin is nothing new, but baring it this way hasn’t been considered in centuries. Not kidding. The square neckline is so painfully dated that its style icon is Marie Antoinette. It’s been languishing in obscuring since the eighteenth century to only now be unearthed as de rigueur.Like an extension of the summertime camisole, the square neck that’s burgeoning its way into a full-blown trend for autumn mimics the cut of a spaghetti strap top. It delicately highlights the shoulders and décolletage without being rude or lewd about it.It hints at the ultra-cleavage of this summer’s corset fad, but without the uncomfortable boning. And, it has the brazen sensibility of the deep, plunging v-necks that are often found in celebrity realms.Historically speaking, we have Renaissance women to thank for popularising square-necked bodices way-back-when. In the 1400s the fashion was for empire waistlines and geometric necklines, which retained their popularity right through to the Elizabethan reign when waists were rebound. However, by this point, they were worn over ruffled collars. They peaked in popularity in the French courts and other than a few moments in the spotlight, such as a brief stint in the 1960s with long-sleeves shift dresses - the square neckline has been neglected.On the catwalks, it’s been enjoying a comeback in the hands of Molly Goddard, Calvin Klein, Zimmermann, Celine and Esteban Cortazar. With the help of Bella Hadid and Alexa Chung, it's gone from a mere notion to a covetable concept.As Chung and Hadid can verify, this trend is as slutty (in a good way) as you want to make it. If you fancy riffing on the neckline’s intuitive feminine milkmaid vibe, then it’s yours for the taking. But, if you’re willing to turn up the heat, it doesn’t take much. Though it doesn’t seem it, a square neckline is as adaptable as you want to make it, just think like the Elizabethan’s and consider layering it over a polo neck or a fishnet top. The high street has plenty of options for you to experiment with.If you’re still doubtful that the square neckline will catch on just do the maths. Catwalk real estate plus It girl multiplied by the power of the high street equals a surefire trend. Buy now, before everyone else clocks it!Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion often gives us magical moments: the threesome of models rolling in the hay at Chanel's spring/summer 2010 show; Kate Moss' hologram appearing at Alexander McQueen's spring/summer 2006 show after her 'cocaine Kate' scandal; and Naomi Campbell falling in her platform heels at Vivienne Westwood's autumn/winter 1997 before laughing it off.Last night, it gave us yet another: the original supermodels, Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Carla Bruni, and Helena Christensen, walked hand-in-hand with Donatella Versace in the finale of her Milan Fashion Week show to honour the memory of her late brother Gianni, who was murdered by a spree gunman 20 years ago in 1997.WATCH: The starriest FROWs at Burberry everThe five supers, who were the most in-demand models of the 1990s, wore matching silver chainmail dresses inspired by one of the designer's classic looks. The rest of the spring/summer 2018 show also took inspiration from some of his iconic designs, including black and yellow tiger print blazers, serpent-print mini dresses, crucifix-emblazoned leather jackets and over-the-knee boots, and double-breasted blue blazers straight from the 80s.Other models who walked in the buzzy show included Kaia Gerber, Cindy Crawford's 16-year-old daughter, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Kendall Jenner, Doutzen Kroes, Candice Swanepoel and Natasha Poly.Donatella earlier announced plans to honour her late brother's memory further with a new scholarship for one student on the MA Fashion course at prestigious Central Saint Martins, where several of her designer partners for Versus, Christopher Kane and JW Anderson, studied.READ MORE: Milan Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWREAD MORE: Fendi Just Gave Gigi Hadid And Kendall Jenner Mermaid Hair (And We Want It)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When we talk about florals being a key spring/summer trend, the words of Miranda Priestly come to mind ('Florals for spring? How original') but no one could accuse Jeremy Scott of being unoriginal in his use of flowers at the Moschino spring/summer 2018 show: after all, he sent Gigi Hadid down the runway dressed as a bouquet - complete with a ribbon tied at the waist.Elsewhere, Joan Smalls wore a skirt embroidered with life-size roses, with the stalks fanning from the top of her dress; Kaia Gerber wore a mini bouquet dress in the same style as Gigi, accessorised with over-the-knee white boots stuffed with flowers; and another model was dressed as a pansy, pulling pink petals from her top as she walked.The inspiration behind the collection was My Little Pony, so it wasn't all oversized flowers. All the tropes of your favourite childhood toys were here, including bows, stars and fluttering butterlies, plus the signature rainbow symbol, this time adorned with Moschino. It was a 5-year-old's wildest dreams come true, with t-shirts, dresses, knitwear, coats and swimwear all given the magical My Little Pony treatment.While this collection would be a talking point from Milan anyway, it's hardly surprising. After all, this is the designer who has previously dressed his models as paper dolls, made MacDonalds packaging chic and used cardboard boxes as a luxury fabric.READ MORE: Milan Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWREAD MORE: Fashion's Nepotism Problem Has Never Been More Apparent© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ask yourself this, what is more 2002 than opening your most famous song - Just A Little, in case you forgot - with the lyric ‘sexy’. Not even Christina Aguilera did that on Dirrty . Liberty X may have been Popstars poor losers after being beaten to cinch the OG talent show’s top prize by Hear’Say, but what they lost out in glory they made up for in uniforms. For the course of their six-year engagement with music, they spent the whole time in an another equally committed relationship: co-ordinated fashion. During their chart-topping (and chart-scrapping) career they produced bangers, like the unforgettable, Got to  Have Your Love, dressed in as an illustrated guide to the peak 2000s trends of the day. Case in point, the next six pics:Shield your eyes as this is a bright one. With the seatbelt closure and asymmetric cut, this could be Christopher Kane if you squint. Side note: why is Kelli Young wearing driving gloves? I can’t see a car on stage...If possible we’ll ignore the fact that Kevin Simm (far left if you don’t remember) looks like he spent the night butchering someone or something, and try and focus on Jessica Taylor, Michelle Heaton and Kelli’s budget Destiny’s Child’s get-up. The year was 2003, and everyone from Kate Moss to Kelly Rowland was wearing a vest, not sure that makes this zip-up halter neck number more forgivable though.Even if their stylist told me otherwise, I won’t for a second believe these aren’t just tights with a whole ripped in the crotch. Talk about budget. Though, kudos for being inventive.No run-down of early 2000s style is complete without a picture of girls going out-out in fancy tops and some sort of denim. Back then, everyone was complicit. When twilight dawned evening wear was simple, a halter-neck and a denim skirt, a corset and jeans or a crop top and heels. Ohh for the simpler times…There was a moment when cargo pants flirted with every iteration of pop star from TLC and All Saints right through to Liberty X. Maybe the pockets came in handy, or more likely; their low-rise cut was the perfect height for showing off regrettable tattoos, belly-button piercings and the requisite belly chain.Name a more iconic moment in British post-millennium pop than Liberty X struggling through an aerobic dance routine in head-to-toe vinyl while holding canes.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s not difficult to see the evidence of a trend, but what’s interesting is the manifold ways it enters our everyday. With fashion week, scratch that fashion month in full swing, savants are calling out new trends at an exponential rate. But, how are we, the consumer, meant to know what will stick and what will in our picky, over-served world slide off our Teflon taste-buds and be resigned to being a flash-in-the-pan fad?Though mostly discussed within the framework of fashion, trends exist everywhere. They affect what we eat, see, read, watch and how we live.We’re not always aware when a trend is taking hold as they trickle up and bubble down, but these slow-moving shifts in the way we think and a culture’s value system can affect our everyday experience. Take mindfulness for instance, it was once a fad for overworked, stressed millennials but it’s actually one wave in the great ocean of wellness.After the financial crash in the early 2000s when attitudes to body image ideals shifted. Then the financial crash of ’08 triggered a reneging of hedonism, which eventually led to the growth of Goop-y values, athleisure’s persistence and pedestal that health and wellbeing are currently on. But, just you wait, with every trend’s upswing it will eventually come crashing down, and we’ll be back to worshipping fried chicken and choosing binge-watching over Bikram.‘It’s about spotting patterns and having a trained eye’ explains Sara Maggioni, global trendspotting agency WGSN’s Director of Retail & Buying. For the last 18-years, WGSN has made trend-forecasting into not only an art form but a lucrative business. Sara is just one of 250 in the company who as she puts it is, ‘constantly tracking what’s happening across art, product design, technology, fashion and identifying shifts, changes, patterns…be it in consumer attitudes, lifestyle or fashion trends.’ It’s a honed process that uses data and know-how. Unlike an astrologer writing a horoscope, this isn’t guesswork based on context; this is a science based on data and facts.To keep abreast of trends, WGSN looks at and analyse product constantly. They have certain designers that are already established and a few newer names that they track to see if there are similarities and patterns across their collections. Their secret weapon is called Catwalk Analytics, which looks at the frequency of certain items, colours and details on a year-on-year basis. This gives the trend forecasters an instant insight into the statistical increase or decrease in certain shapes and styles being presented across a season. ‘We take this information and combine it with our trend analysis: it’s this qualitative and quantitative insight that makes our information powerful,’ Sara elucidates.Trends split into two categories: macro and micro. When thinking about the hoodie craze that was catalysed by Vetements, it is a microcosm of a larger move towards athleisure, which is part of a general wellness value system taking place that treasures comfort above the unrealistic body ideals of previous decades.‘Macro Trends can have an influence for years as they are rooted into societal shifts [and] consumer behaviours,’ Sara clarifies, ’Fashion trends can also last years but can also last a season only. I think if something has commercial potential and it is more connected to macro trends, so it’s more about a shift in mindset, then it can certainly last more than one season.’Looking at the current collections, one could see the movement towards modest dressing – as shown at Erdem, Gucci, Roksanda and Rejina Pyo – is part of a change in a commercial aesthetic that might be part of a wider behaviour modification.From a designer’s perspective, Henry Holland treats tapping into a current trend as a learning experience, not a mathematical theorem waiting to be discovered. ‘Myself and my team are just very open to newness. We keep our eyes open to new things and be receptive to new bands, new music, new films, new styles, new labels, just take it all in’, he reveals. ‘If we were to sit down and be like, “okay guys, what trend are we going to follow from this week”, I think it just becomes too contrived, and I think the customer would pick up on that, it would turn them off. One of the reasons people feel an affinity with what we do is that it’s often along the lines of what they’re thinking as well.’By staying abreast of films and culture, Henry is absorbing big picture ideas as opposed to commercial trends. The House of Holland designer who is currently working with BRITA’s #swapforgood campaign, which promotes sustainability in fashion, thinks ‘creative people are like sponges – you constantly absorb it and picking things up, and it’s about translating them into something that works as something for you and your customer.’ In this case, it’s a movement towards sustainability, which is part of a much wider macro trend about artisanal production that started bubbling up in the early 2000s. Knowingly or unknowingly, Henry is part of a large-scale move towards conscious production that’s been catalysed by events like the Rana Plaza disaster and the birth of Etsy. As Henry says trends, ‘happen in the first place because all the creative people are absorbing similar things at the same time.’What makes a trend stick? Alison Welsh, Head of Fashion Research at Manchester Fashion Institute, Manchester Metropolitan University, thinks it needs to tick three commercial boxes: ‘Is it flattering? Is it affordable? Is it new, but not shocking?' Sara agrees, ‘some trends might stick around for a while because they might have commercial potential but they are just a little too “new” and unfamiliar at first, so it takes a little while to become more palatable…therefore they are around for longer.’ Her example was mules, which became popularised by Gucci and Instagrammers. ‘Initially, they felt fairly directional’, she says, ‘but their heavy presence across key tastemaking publications, social media etc., made them more palatable for mass adoption a couple of years after they first appeared.’For a trend to explode it needs to be accepted by early adopters, start it, who are society’s influencers and tastemakers. These people have the power to make the absurdly new make sense. Sare explains, ‘as the look starts becoming more familiar, the customer’s eye adjusts to it and slowly the customer gets ready for it. Some customers are ready before others but generally for something to become mainstream it needs to feel familiar because people are then ready to embrace it.’Though, once it’s been mass-adopted, it dangles on an over-exposure precipice. A celebrity can cause a trend to be embraced fast, but those pushing the concept should be wary, as Sara puts it of, ‘who is embracing it.’Trends no longer trickle down, they bubble up too. Social media has dramatically changed the way a trend is conceived and is seeded out. It’s broadened the game. Not only are there more players now and a global outlook, but it allows, as Sara says, for ‘Instagram-born brands, influencers, young designers to bypass all the traditional channels. As Manchester Metropolitan University’s Alison explains the internet as a whole has changed everything: ‘There is a new sense of freedom combined with a more in-depth understanding of what we are buying. We can check the details of the garment before we buy it from a web site. We get to know the companies that make clothes for our body own shapes, at a price we can afford.’‘We are all living in the same world. We’re all exposed to the same kind of cultural changes, political changes, society changes, which all form fashion and style,’ Henry deduce, ‘unless you’re living on a different planet, you’re exposed to them, and you’re absorbing them and that’s the key thing. The people that make clothes see something reinterpret it and that’s why I think you get trends.’Liked this? You might also like:The Who's Who Of Tommy Hilfiger's Front RowAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M Collab5 Of The Most Ridic Things That Happened At LFWFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Glance over the runway shots from September’s catwalks, and one of the biggest trends you’ll spot has nothing to do with the clothes on the models’ backs. Instead, it’s all about the shared genetic material, famous surnames and faces that trigger an uncanny sense of déja vu.So far, this season has been a family affair. London Fashion Week’s finale saw Gigi Hadid walk alongside sister Bella and little bro Anwar in her TOMMYNOW extravaganza (a show in which two of the Jagger siblings, Lizzy and Georgia May, also appeared).  Kaia Gerber, the 16-year-old daughter of original super Cindy Crawford, was the talk of New York, before crossing the Atlantic to make her Burberry debut alongside her equally beautiful older brother, Presley. There, they were watched by two members of the Primrose Hill set’s next generation, Iris Law (daughter of Jude) and Lennon Gallagher (son of Liam). Their respective sibling, Rafferty, and cousin, Anais, sat on the front row at TOMMYNOW, bringing the whole thing full circle.Overwhelmed? That sample is far from exhaustive when you start to consider the assortment of Jenners, Baldwins, and Beckhams who have already been a designer’s guest of honour, or will doubtless make a catwalk appearance in Paris or Milan. It’s hardly new to suggest that fashion might have a nepotism problem, but this season it feels particularly egregious: the industry seems more obsessed with lineage than a Jane Austen mum anxious to make a good match for her fictional daughters. Of course, the aforementioned family members have all been blessed with prettier than average genes: they are all ‘model material,’ in one way or another. But ask yourself if they'd have had the same success at this stage in their fledgling careers without the door-opening advantages of a famous surname, and it’s tough to answer in the affirmative.It’s easy to see why keeping it in the family has become such a popular booking tactic for shows and campaigns alike. Place an A-list daughter front and centre in your brand’s latest ad and you can count on a thousand ‘mini me’ headlines. Sibling success stories, too, can make for some uplifting PR: think of Bella Hadid supporting Gigi through the Anna Sui finale when the latter seemed to inexplicably lose a shoe on the runway. There’s also the small matter of social media: casting a Hadid ensures that images of a designer’s show will land in the Instagram feeds of tens of millions of young women. Casting two ups this figure yet further (even Anwar, the comparatively low-key third sibling, pulls in a cool 1.5 million).In a way, we’re all complicit: if we weren’t so keen to bask in the reflected glory of Insta-girls like Gigi, Bella and Kendall, this social cachet wouldn’t be quite so all-powerful. Still, it’s hard not to feel a pang for the days when a model like Agyness Deyn could be launched from her chip shop Saturday job to catwalk ubiquity. Sure, those stories are still being made – Remington Williams was scouted in a Texas branch of Chipotle ten days before walking for Raf Simons alongside (you guessed it) Kaia Gerber – but they’ve become rarer (and won’t receive nearly as much air time or attention as a Kendall Jenner cameo). Instagram was supposed to democratise the industry, but we’ve been sold short: yes, a so-called ‘nobody’ can go viral, but it’s hard to translate that into long term success when so many runway slots are occupied by big name stunt castings.Don’t get me wrong. To an extent, fashion – and fashion week in particular – is simply about aspiration and glamour, things which these girls offer in spades. Their ability to make a run-of-the-mill runway show feel like an event is second to none – yet that might be precisely because these ‘names’ are the only ones allowed to ascend to superstar status. Most damaging is the potential impact upon catwalk representation. Put simply, the dominance of the Insta-girls - all of whom conform to a single standard of beauty -  seems to negate attempts at more diverse casting. Leomie Anderson recently made the news when she called out an un-named London designer for sending her away from a fitting on the basis of having already cast just one model of colour. It’s hard to imagine a similar designer - consciously or unconsciously – applying the same approach (ie. narrow-minded prejudice) when casting famous offspring. The industry’s problem with nepotism and its propensity for white-washing are two problems that are tangled up in each other.When dynastic tendencies and inherited privilege have got the world in a chokehold, it would be comforting to see creative industries like fashion as places where meritocracy can flourish yet. Of course, it’s never been that simple or unambiguous.  Whether we’re talking race, size or class, behind the scenes or on the catwalk, the industry is not always an inclusive place, and this fixation with fashion families just underlines it. It’s a more explicit version of the subtler biases and expectations that are at work behind the scenes.WATCH: Burberry's Best Front RowsREAD MORE: How 2016 Became The Year Of The HadidsREAD MORE: Anwar Hadid Lands A Major New Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gucci’s Alessandro Michele certainly knows how to capture our attention. Since taking the reins at the Italian fashion house at the very start of 2015, the wunderkind of out-and-out maximalist design has transformed the brand’s signature aesthetic – and made it one of the hottest tickets of Milan Fashion Week, no, fashion month in its entirety. Nearly three years later, his winning streak shows no signs of fading if his latest S/S’18 collection, which took inspiration from the glam-rock stylings of Elton John’s stage outfits, is anything to go by.While there was plenty to take note of, from reimagined 80s shell-suits embroidered with jewels to disco-style sequinned dresses, one of Michele’s more conventional looks still managed to catch our eye. From Bella Freud’s recognisable styles to the latest cult jumpers from HADES, there’s something about a simple slogan knit that’s like catnip to the fashion crowd. That’s why we’re expecting that Gucci’s navy jumper with the words ‘Never Marry A Mitford’ in red will be the brand’s next most Instagrammed item: think along the lines of other street style status symbols like the Gucci belts and logo tees.Unless you have a long-running Tatler subscription and are entirely au fait with the in-jokes of the British aristocracy, the slogan itself might leave you a little confused, so here’s the backstory. The Mitford sisters, the six daughters of the 2nd Baron Redesdale, were notable and often controversial figures in British high society in the period around World War II. There is, of course, plenty to say about the lives and times of Diana, Jessica, Unity, Nancy, Deborah and Pamela – far more than the confines of this piece would ever allow – but in 1941, Deborah was married to Andrew Cavendish, the Duke of Devonshire, and became the lady of Chatsworth estate in Derbyshire (or, as you might better know it, the real-life Pemberley from the BBC’s 1996 adaptation of Pride and Prejudice). The Duke was something of a slogan knit pioneer himself, with a habit of making ‘comedy’ jumpers embroidered with comic phrases like ‘Get Up And Do Something’ and ‘Far Better Not.’ And yes, one of those jumpers was ironically embellished with ‘Never Marry A Mitford.’How did this upper-class in-joke find its way onto the Milan catwalk? These jumpers are currently on display at Chatsworth as part of House Style: Five Centuries of Fashion at Chatsworth, an exhibition which celebrates the stately home’s fashionable legacy. Curated by Hamish Bowles of US Vogue, House Style has been sponsored by Gucci, making it rather less surprising that these jumpers have been playing upon Michele’s mind. They say fashion goes round in circles, but those circles are rarely the ones you might expect…WATCH: The Best Ever Burberry Front RowsREAD MORE: Gucci Is Launching An Interiors Collection, And We Want Every Single PieceREAD MORE: Get Closer To Gucci With Their New Places Project© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Vetements isn't known for being PC. After all, this is the brand that gave us a weed grinder necklace, a cigarette lighter and jeans with a zip exposing your behind (totally optional). And now, it's taken inspiration from one of our favourite films of the '90s with its new 'snuff' necklace.The silver chain pendant features a screw-top mechanism that opens to reveal a small spoon, much like the one used by Sarah Michelle Gellar's character Kathryn Merteuil in Cruel Intentions. For the uninitiated (seriously, what have you been doing?) Kathryn stores cocaine inside her necklace, which is in the shape of an elaborate crucifix. She gestures towards her necklace several times in the film, one time saying that, 'Sometimes, when I'm feeling down, I turn to Jesus and he helps me through it'. Of course this has double layered meaning - she's actually referring to cocaine helping her through it.WATCH: The World's Highest Paid SupermodelsIt's all a bigger part of how we see her as a fake, two-faced person - who presents a Marcia Brady-esque persona to the elite world of the Upper East Side while scheming with her step-brother Sebastian (Ryan Philippe) to ruin their lives. So in many ways, the necklace is integral to her characterisation.It's not the first time we've seen these spoon necklaces, either. In 2015, popstar Lana del Rey sold heart-shaped lockets on her website with a spoon that unscrewed from the top, perhaps a reference to her song To The Races which says, 'he loves me with every beat of his cocaine heart'.But while fashion's current obsession with stoner culture - a la the weed grinder necklace - is well-documented, its associations with cocaine are a little bit more controversial. Model Kate Moss hit headlines in 2005 after she was pictured taking the illegal substance, and subsequently lost the majority of her major fashion house contracts.Weed, conversely, is having something of a 'moment' - thanks in large part to a thriving new start-up community of businesses in California, where it has been legal to buy marijuana since 2016. Alexander Wang's autumn/winter 2016 collection was inspired by the leaf, while stars like Rihanna and Miley Cyrus have openly spoken about their love of using it. Will cocaine get the same treatment? Probably not.The Silver Snuff necklace just dropped online and is available to buy on SSense for £250.READ MORE: The Secret ASOS Shopping Saving Hack You Need To KnowREAD MORE: Fashion's Nepotism Problem Has Never Been More Apparent© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As London Fashion Week has come to a close, now is the time fashion editors (me) to digest the trends and tell readers (you) what’s hot and what’s not for next season. But, I’m going to level with you, some of what I saw was just plain ludicrous. Maybe, it’s because these designers were so ahead of the times I was thinking of what I want to wear spring 2018 while they were setting 2022’s trends. Or, more likely, they deep dived into a conceptual headspace that has no room for purpose or logic. Here are the top five ridic things that happened at London Fashion Week:Say hello to the skirt that haunts your memories of secondary school. I thought we all agreed bubble skirts with their tucked up hems and bulky silhouette were unflattering and unsightly. Then why the heck is Mary Katrantzou trying to make them happen again?From the man who gave the world jewel-encrusted Crocs comes high-fashion mops. Strands of said household tool dangled from earrings and fell like fringing from shoes. Think of it as a cleaning timesaver.Burberry’s iconic carmel-coloured check went from chic to ‘chav’ in the early 2000s by way of a handful of celebrities the brand deemed less than desirable. Turning on their heel, Burberry removed their signature tartan from the majority of their designs. But, now that their sales have slumped in recent seasons and they are cashing in on the current nostalgia for the early millennia.Hussein Chalayan showed grey tailoring steeped with the minimalism and unease of Christian Bale’s American Psycho alongside bonkers headgear. Think: large geometric pieces that framed the face. Bizarre.From her spring-summer 2018 collection, we can now say Anya Hindmarch likes a late-night kebab. Her show, which was a homage to suburbia with handbags shaped like throw cushions and models dressed in housecoats, featured one silver clutch shaped like the polystyrene container you get your post-party cheesy chips in.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What do the editors with a schedule of back-to-back events wear to London Fashion Week?Athletes may have the Olympics, but those in the industry have fashion week. In many ways, they are one in the same with fans glued to the action and competitors sparring for attention. The only difference is fashion week happens twice a year, not once in four.In the past week, Grazia’s resident Style Editor Polly Knight has been flexing her sartorial muscles, stretching her creative flair as she attended London Fashion Week. With the camera bulbs of street style paparazzi flashing, our Polly packed a punch. She scored a home run in heels she could walk in, got a hole in one with a touch of corduroy and won gold in sunglasses that could reflect the glare of the front-row lights.Her secret weapon? An unfussy uniform. Though the endless invitations and constant offer of champagne sound glamourous, the reality is this is work for Polly. Through a combination of immaculately planned outfits, she was able to elevate her everyday items by slotting in trend-leading pieces to create a wardrobe that was practical, yet directional and perfect for taking on the front line of fashion week.Rayban, Sunglasses Hexagonal Flat Lenses, £143360 Cashmere, Niki Jumper, £288.44 Kitri](https://kitristudio.com/collections/shirts/products/forsythe-buckle-cuff-shirt)Forsythe Buckle Cuff Shirt, £75, Marks & Spencer,Vans,  Sk8-Hi Suede Black & White Trainers, £60Anthropologie, Isabel Hoop Earrings, £32H&M, Cotton Corduroy Jacket, £59.99Cos, Cashmere Jumper, £125Raey, Press Straight-Leg Jeans, £140Céline, Trio Bag In Smooth Lambskin, £780[Joseph, Calf Leather Loafer, £350](http://www.joseph-fashion.com/en-gb/calf-leather-loafer-w6b27jo2003_020.html?dwvar_w6b27jo2003__020_color=WHITE&cgid=shoes#start=1)Rayban, Sunglasses Hexagonal Flat Lenses, £143Zara, Basic Blazer, £29.99Arket, Merino Roll-Neck Jumper, £55Topshop, Ruched Drape Midi Skirt, £39[Céline, Country Ankle Boot In Black Calfskin & Shearling, £930](https://www.celine.com/en/collections/winter/shoes/country-ankle-boot-calfskin-shearling/318893SFBC.38NO.37)[Marks & Spencer, Cotton Rich Trench Coat With Stormwear, £99](http://www.marksandspencer.com/cotton-rich-trench-coat/p/p60110841?prevPage=srpTrench coat – Marks and Spencer)Cos, Selvedge Straight-Leg Jeans, £69Arket, Silk ShirtMango, Leather Boot-Style Shoes, £89Quay Australia, Hidden Hills Sunglasses, £55Baum Und Pferdgarten,Damara Coat, £329& Other Stories, Cotton T-Shirt, £23French Connection, Pin Up Jeans, £85Manolo Blahnik, Maysale Mules, £550READ MORE: The Best London Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: Gigi Hadid Closes London Fashion Week With Her Tommy Now ShowREAD MORE: Rejina Pyo’s SS18 Show Delivered The Dresses Pandora Sykes And Laura Jackson Will Wear Next Spring© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you've been eyeing up some new Adidas trainers, an Abercrombie and Fitch hoodie, or a fresh pair of Vans, we have a treat for you. British ASOS shoppers have discovered a genius way of getting huge discounts on some American brands - simply switching to the US version of the site means you can shop in dollars which, when converted back to pounds, can result in big savings.To do this, the Daily Mail report that you'll need to change your location to the US version of the website, which shows your shopping basket in dollars. From there, you can switch your settings to show prices in sterling while still shopping on the US site. The currency conversion means that your items from certain brands will be significantly cheaper than if you were to buy on UK ASOS - it could be worth checking out the price difference on your shopping by comparing the same items on both sites. The simple trick can mean that you're saving up to a third of the UK price of expensive big name American brands, so you can ease your guilt for splashing on another pair of Gazelles.Here's a pair of Converse on the US site (switched back to sterling)......and here's what you'd pay on ASOS UK for the same pair.American brands like Adidas, Converse, Calvin Klein and Juicy Couture are all much cheaper in the US, which is where the savings come in for us in the UK. By using the cheat, the DM reports that you can save almost £50 on some items. A pair of Juicy Couture tracksuit bottoms will cost you £150 on the UK site, but by switching your location and swapping the currency back to pounds, you can save £45.59 and pay a heavily discounted £104.49.The DM have created an extensive list of the best savings they've found using the cheat here, including a saving of almost £15 on Converse trainers, and a pair of Calvin Klein boots for £64.59 compared the £100 you'd spend by shopping through UK ASOS.As usual with online shopping glitches, as soon as the company cottons on to a shopping hack affecting prices on their site the loopholes are closed swiftly - so you may want to start building your basket before the online clothing giant notices what's up... Happy shopping!Liked this? You might also like:5 Styling Tricks We Learnt From People We Saw At NYFWWe Tried On AW17 Topshop Before It Hit The RunwayReview: ASOS' First Ever Make-Up RangeFollow Frankie on Twitter @wildissshThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you've been eyeing up some new Adidas trainers, an Abercrombie and Fitch hoodie, or a fresh pair of Vans, we have a treat for you. British ASOS shoppers have discovered a genius way of getting huge discounts on some American brands - simply switching to the US version of the site means you can shop in dollars which, when converted back to pounds, can result in big savings.To do this, the Daily Mail report that you'll need to change your location to the US version of the website, which shows your shopping basket in dollars. From there, you can switch your settings to show prices in sterling while still shopping on the US site. The currency conversion means that your items from certain brands will be significantly cheaper than if you were to buy on UK ASOS - it could be worth checking out the price difference on your shopping by comparing the same items on both sites. The simple trick can mean that you're saving up to a third of the UK price of expensive big name American brands, so you can ease your guilt for splashing on another pair of Gazelles.Here's a pair of Converse on the US site (switched back to sterling)......and here's what you'd pay on ASOS UK for the same pair.WATCH NOW: Jennifer Lawrence's style transformationAmerican brands like Adidas, Converse, Calvin Klein and Juicy Couture are all much cheaper in the US, which is where the savings come in for us in the UK. By using the cheat, the Daily Mail reports that you can save almost £50 on some items. A pair of Juicy Couture tracksuit bottoms will cost you £150 on the UK site, but by switching your location and swapping the currency back to pounds, you can save £45.59 and pay a heavily discounted £104.49.The Daily Mail have created an extensive list of the best savings they've found using the cheat here, including a saving of almost £15 on Converse trainers, and a pair of Calvin Klein boots for £64.59 compared the £100 you'd spend by shopping through UK ASOS.As usual with online shopping glitches, as soon as the company cottons on to a shopping hack affecting prices on their site the loopholes are closed swiftly - so you may want to start building your basket before the online clothing giant notices what's up... Happy shopping!READ MORE: The Internet Is Very Confused By These Sell-Out JeansREAD MORE: Public Service Announcement: Burberry Check Is BackREAD MORE: The Best London Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Maybe it's the threat of nuclear war, imminent Brexit or general malaise, but this season, designers at London Fashion Week seemed united in their desire to make us forget about the bad stuff and try to remember the good. Here are the five most optimistic trends of the spring/summer 2018 season. You're welcome. Whoever said millennial pink was over was premature to say the least. Look no further than London Fashion Week, where we’d wager almost half of the designers showed pieces in the most popular hue of the past 12 months. There were romantic rose ruffles at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi and Erdem plus marabou feather and silk slips in candyfloss at Marques’ Almeida. Roksanda did it the grown-up way, with sumptuous pastel and fuchsia shades, while Peter Pilotto opted for highlighter pink teamed with other neon accents. Our favourite way to do it this season though? The saccharine pink coat worn by Hailey Baldwin at Topshop.There was a romantic feeling in the air in London this season, with whimsical ruffles being a recurring motif. There were cool-girl ruffles at Christopher Kane, in the form of puckered, almost sea anemone-esque flourishes; over-sized, eighties-inspired ones at Marques’ Almeida; pretty waves cascading down lace column dresses at Erdem and girly frills at Preen by Thornton Bregazzi and Simone Rocha.Check was the only print you needed to know about this season, making a victorious comeback at Burberry and being spotted on every fashion editor on the front row. Aside from being a major talking point at aforementioned Burberry – who reclaimed their iconic house print big time with head-to-toe looks Daniella Westbrook would be proud of – there were also criss-crosses popping up at Marques’ Almedia, in both oversized black and white and tartan-esque green, red and blue; at Erdem, in the form of Fifties-era wool coats inspired by the Queen, and at Peter Pilotto, where they were sequinned and vibrant-hued. Check mate.Maybe it’s the current end-of-the-world climate, but designers seem to be bringing everything from their fun arsenal to spring/summer 2018, with sequins making a surprise appearance to cheer us up. Ashish, unsurprisingly, led the charge – from its opening look, which was a disco-inspired floor-length silver skirt, to the sheer dresses adorned with a hint of glitter that closed the show. Peter Pilotto showed check-print dresses in sequins, while Marques’ Almeida had a show-stopping red and black party dress. Mary Katrantzou, another sequin fan, showed rainbow-hued bubble dresses that were totally impractical but undeniably beautiful, while Molly Goddard’s all-singing, all-dancing girls fittingly wore sparkles, too. More is more, this season.Whether it was on Mary Katrantzou’s tassel-hemmed skirts or Roksanda’s swirls of excess fabric on jumpers and dresses, there was a definite texture trend afoot at London Fashion Week this season, and it was all about fringing. Christopher Kane showed tasselled earrings and booties, as well as textured skirts, while Erdem has one standout dress that shook its bold red fringing as the model walked down the runway. It was largely twenties art-deco in feel, rather than cowboy – which can only be a good thing.READ MORE: Rejina Pyo’s SS18 Show Delivered The Dresses Pandora Sykes And Laura Jackson Will Wear Next SpringREAD MORE: Gigi Hadid Closes London Fashion Week With Her Tommy Now Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Half of the fun of London Fashion Week is the politics of the front row, as evident at the Tommy Hilfiger show last night. Everyone knows that for some celebrities and influencers the networking opportunities are vast, especially if you’re a newbie to this paparazzi game.For the first time in two decades, Hilfiger with the help of Gigi Hadid descended on the capital. In a flurry of camera bulbs flashing, the pair took over Camden’s Roundhouse venue to present a ‘Rock Circus’.In keeping with the theme, rock (and) royalty like Lady Amelia Windsor Anais Gallagher, Pixie Geldof and Daisy Lowe were seated on the front row. As we live in the age of social media, Vlogging giant Cameron Dallas was sat near K-Pop star Chanyeol were placed near Neymar, Lewis Hamilton, Justine Skye, Rafferty Law and Gabriel-Kane Day-Lewis. Though not modelling themselves, Amber and Yasmin Le bon, Arizona Muse and Erin O’Connor also attended.Considering Hendrix, Bowie, Blondie and Britney have all graced the stage previously, guests knew to expect a spectacle. And, as this is Gigi Hadid who has over 37million Instagram followers we’re talking about this event was surely going to be the definition of Instagrammable. With hype piled on hype, the stage was set, the live-stream on the verge of starting, the guests poured in. They watched Chainsmokers perform and top tier models, like both Bella, Anwar and Gigi Hadid, Georgia May Jagger, Lucky Blue Smith and Jordan Dun walk to a ‘90s hip-hop soundtrack of Biggie, De La Soul, Naughty by Nature. The clothes were almost an afterthought to the spectacle. That said, the denim cut-offs and padded plaid coats along with the rest of the collection were available to buy straight after the show closed on the brand’s website.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It may seem like non-stop glamour and fizz, but London Fashion Week is one of the most stressful events in a designer’s year. For, they have a brief window of time during this bi-annual event to make the right kind of impression on buyers, press and influencers; otherwise, they can find themselves staring down six months of financial woes. This blink-and-you-miss-it moment in the spotlight is when they get the chance to present weeks, nay months, of hard work and investment.  Hyperbole aside, what happens can determine the outcome of their career. No pressure.‘I think the biggest misconception with the fashion industry as a whole is that we just get to make nice things’, Henry Holland, the designer behind LFW powerhouse House of Holland, divulged, ‘and whilst that is true, making nice things takes a lot of time, effort, money and organisation causes quite a lot of stress.’Though a relative newcomer to the profession, Clio Peppiatt agrees with Henry who has over a decade in the industry under his belt. ‘Money and time. Always, money and time,’ she groaned. For Peppiatt who started her eponymous label after graduating in 2015, time and financial management are crucial to her growing her business. ‘Three months down the line, a lot of problems seem very minor. But, when you’re dealing with tight deadlines and tighter budgets, every little problem seems like end-of-the-world level,’ she confided.When we speak, a handful of days before her show, Peppiatt was grappling with this very problem. ‘I pour so much time, care and energy into the collection in the lead up to fashion week so many other things take priority it can be hard to them all justice. For instance, I don’t know which models I have until the day before the show, which is the same for all independent designers with similar budgets to me, but this keeps me up at night because I don’t know if I’m going to get the girls I want and whether the clothing is going to sit properly on their body, because body shapes are so different. I find it gut-wrenching.’Ten years in and with industry accolades stacking up, Henry viscerally feels the same as Peppiatt. ‘I still have anxiety dreams about turning up to fashion week, and Anna Wintour arrives, and I’m still backstage tie-dying t-shirts,’ he half-jokes. ‘I still worry about the deadlines, but I think it’s really important to make sure that the deadlines don’t interfere with the quality of your output.’When asked how he deals with the restrictive deadlines and delivery dates that rule a designer’s career he gave a pithy reply that he ‘misses them’. Though his response suggests a laissez-faire attitude, there is reason for his tardiness. ‘The question you have to ask yourself very often with deadlines is if you stick to a deadline, is it going to jeopardise the quality and the standard of the work you’re doing? And if so, then miss the deadline. And you’ll figure it out,’ he explains.Today, designers work in an age where they are as much under the spotlight as the clothes they present. ‘In the current climate there is an encouragement to be out there and be present in social media and the public eye because it’s an easy win when trying to promote your brand and promote your products.’ explains Henry, revealing, ‘I was far too sociable and far too gobby when I was younger, and I started this that I wasn’t staying in for no one.’ Laughing, he adds, ‘I think I actually got told at some point by a PR to stop going out, and I was like, “whatever”!’While Henry thrives in the public eye, the idea of having to represent your brand at all times can be another strain for a designer at the outset of their career to bear. Clio jokes that people never recognise her, not even at her own LFW presentation because she’s always ducked the selfie-spotlight. In fact, she embraces this because it allows her to draw the line between business and personal lives. But, with Henry’s years of experience and brand’s longevity, is Clio missing a trick?Not adrenal or anything illegal, but endorphins have become the secret drug that’s got both Henry and Clio through the most stressful of times. Nearly every morning you can find Henry sweating it out at cult HIIT class Barry’s Boot Camp at 6.30am. He claimed his way of, de-stressing is sweating until I vomit on the treadmill.’ Likewise, Clio has found yoga helps, ‘I go to the gym two or three days a week even though I’m not naturally a sporty person. But, I think it’s helped. I think if you can look after yourself with a bit of exercise, eating reasonably healthily, trying to get enough sleep then you’re going to be more ready to combat the stresses that naturally are going to arrive.’Clio’s designs are characterised by a vivid and care-free use of colour, embroidery and texture. Though her work puts an emphasis on spontaneity and fun, the way, she structures her professional life is anything but. ‘I write a lot of really detailed lists, which are always like, colour coded and always in front of me. I’ll Blu Tac them above my computer with specific lists for the fashion week presentation, the sampling and production,’ she explains.Last season, with just hours until show-time Clio found herself facing down a stressful situation that no amount of lists could help. The workshops producing her samples hadn’t delivered the pieces in time so the first she saw the looks for herself, it was at the show space with models waiting to step into them. In instances like this, the Clio has one coping mechanism, and it isn’t lists. She has a small group of people that will take her calls day and night. ‘If I need advice Adele my stylist will always help,’ she said, ‘she's very used to late night text messages asking which shade of pink they prefer. Adele is a great friend, so it doesn’t feel purely like work, there’s also a social element to it too. I think it’d be much harder if I wasn’t able to offload with the people close to me.’‘My life hack was employing my best friends.’ Henry says echoing Clio, adding ‘One of the privileges of running your own business is choosing who you work with. Until very recently I only really employed friends and then I trained them up into different positions, which people often advise you never to do, but I would wholeheartedly disagree because working with my friend's means that it felt going to a youth club every day.’ For Henry, who is currently working with online job boards totaljobs and Milkround in their latest campaign around achieving a healthier work-life balance said having friends around him that he trusts helps eliminate some of the pressure.Henry has figured out that you have to love fashion in an all-consuming way to be able to deal with the immense pressure designers are put under. But, as he lightheartedly admitted, ‘The fact that our work commitments include things like award ceremonies and free bars, it means you actually get to incorporate your social life with your working life a lot more than any other industries. And people complain that fashion takes over your life and there is no differentiation between work and play, but that is a massive bonus as much as it may appear to be a negative for some people.’Liked this? You might also be interested in:How The Marques Almeida LFW Show Totally Lived Up To ExpectationsAll The Looks From Erdem's Show We Hope To See In Their H&M CollabWhat Kate Moss And Alexa Chung’s Favourite Label Thinks We’ll Be Wearing Next SpringFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gigi Hadid brought her undeniable star power to London Fashion Week last night, closing proceedings with a rock ‘n’ roll bang at the Tommy Now show. Marking her third collaboration with American designer Tommy Hilfiger after showing previously in New York and LA, the extravaganza featured not just her TommyxGigi collection, but also the designer’s eponymous brand, plus his Hilfiger and Hilfiger Edition diffusion lines, as well as a triumvirate of Hadid siblings, Gigi, Bella and Anwar, who followed each other onto the catwalk. Suffice to say, it was a grand affair, unlike any other event on the Big Smoke’s calendar.Taking place at Camden’s iconic Roundhouse, the show was dubbed a ‘rock circus’, with guests ushered into the 1700-capacity venue via a backstage entrance appropriately decked out with amps and bars stocked with red cups. Acrobats and other circus performers emerged from the rafters after the finale walk, and chart-topping DJs the Chainsmokers took to the decks while A-listers like Lottie Moss, Poppy Delevingne and Rafferty Law celebrated the end of a hectic five days in the capital.WATCH: Live Q&A With Bella HadidInspired by ‘90s heritage – including three of the biggest trends of the period, grunge, skater and preppy – the collection featured tartan slip dresses, silk bombers, ripped jeans and mini-leather backpacks fit for Cher Horowitz. Gigi opened the show in a maroon tartan wool coat, black crop jumper and denim shorts, swiftly followed by sister Bella, who was chanelling her more gothic vibe in a black hoody emblazoned with the all-seeing eye. Brother Anwar – the newest Hadid to model – wasn’t far behind, wearing a classic Tommy rugby shirt, a black parka with brown fur collar and fingerless red-and-black gloves. Other notable models in the line-up included Cindy Crawford’s son Presley Gerber, Georgia May Jagger, Hailey Baldwin, Joan Smalls and Jourdan Dunn, who elicited one of the loudest cheers from fans, as if they were at an actual rock show.Because unlike your usual fashion show, there were fans in the audience of the packed-out venue, many of whom had queued for hours to be there. Hilfiger was wise to capitalise on Hadid’s 37.5 million-strong following on Instagram, offering them the chance to watch their idol walk – and more importantly, buy her clothes. Everything in the collection was available to buy immediately – even before the show began – a genius move on the part of Hilfiger, whose continued moving with the times has made him one of the most relevant designers of his generation.READ MORE: Rejina Pyo’s SS18 Show Delivered The Dresses Pandora Sykes And Laura Jackson Will Wear Next SpringREAD MORE: The Best London Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though Korean-born designer Rejina Pyo usually skips the runway experience, she made a special exception at London Fashion Week today. Taking over a large lecture theatre of London’s Quaker Centre on the smoggy Euston Road, she presented clothes that real women, and her legions of fans, will love to wear.Though the setting was sombre, like all things with Pyo what you first see is not always what you get. When the lights dipped, and the eighties soundtrack started pumping, out came her models in modest-looking clothing that would turn out to be transparent under the light or fall low at the back to reveal a tiny bow keeping the whole piece tied in place.Though Central Saint Martins-trained Pyo didn’t succumb to the pressure of showing ‘catwalk’ showpieces, that doesn’t mean her elegant spring summer 18 collection wasn’t exceptional. Her fashion fantasy for next season is a tale of dresses that flatter the female form, fluid suits and party dresses for the grown-up that likes frills.  Block colouring was only once broken up by print, but the weight of long hemmed tailoring was balanced by tangerine colour aviators and blacked-out rectangular specs.Those familiar with Pandora Sykes and Laura Jackson’s well-dressed wardrobes will find the nipped in waist and contrast stitching of Pyo’s pieces familiar. Rather than reinventing the wheel, this designer drove her aesthetic into spring. She may have added smock dresses and straw bags to her repertoire, but for all the new-ness the look was recognisably Pyo. This is what made her first runway experience so special; it was a sign her brand is maturing and that all is still to play for. It certainly made us look forward to a spring draped in bias-cut silk dresses and carnation pink suiting.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week is well and truly underway, with the fashion set swapping New York for the British capital until Tuesday.Renowned for effortless cool girl dressing, London Fashion Week continuously rebels against trends (proven through the yearly outing of a fashion peacock or two).Post-Brexit, London has a lot to prove within the industry but the fash pack are sure to make a statement this season.But it's not necessarily what's happening on the catwalks which is capturing our attention but what's cropping up on the streets.So we round up the very best street style to come out of one of the leading fashion capitals of the world and demonstrate how you too can adopt the trends this season...Take your prompt from the street style set and break up your neutral winter wardrobe with a flash of mustard yellow. This sunny hue has a distinctly autumnal feel and will bring a retro vibe to any ensemble.The ultimate marmite trend, it seems kitten heels are here to stay. Dior’s slingback style were spotted on countless street stylers, and the high street have spawned a plethora of dupes.The black vinyl trench has been gaining popularity ever since Alexa Chung debuted the style as part of her sellout M&S collection. For AW17 it has been given an update in a fresh selection of colourways from dark maroon and forest green to charcoal and navy blue.A modern take on the controversial nineties bum bag, waist belt bags may only fit the bare essentials (read: phone and lipstick) but they look exquisitely chic.Invest in a checked coat for winter, or if you’re feeling brave, go the whole hog and wear a matchy matchy suit.Pack away your off-the-shoulder blouses and instead choose shirts with fluted sleeves, ruffle detailing and mismatched hems.Take a look at the very best street style snaps from London Fashion Week - as they happen -below…Olivia Palermo styles a monochrome midi with a Topshop knit. london street style 20172of12Olivia Palermo styles a monochrome midi with a Topshop knit. Anna Vitiello pairs a floaty maxi with a slogan tee and statement earrings. Spice up a failsafe combination with the addition of a sunshine yellow accessories. High-shine macs continue to dominate, however this season they've been reinvented in a palette of new colourways. Pandora Sykes wears a Rejina Pyo dress and a Mulberry bag. Take your cue from this street style star and dress down a cocktail gown with the addition of a roll neck knit. Dress down a floral maxi with the addition of red ankle boots.Camille Charrière wears an Erdem jacket and carries this season's must-have accessory, the basket bag. ICYMI, over-the-top sleeves and white boots are two trends to covet RN. Caroline Issa looks supremely elegant in a velvet dress and a tailored blazer. Forget shoulder robing, the latest styling trick involves tying your sweater over one shoulder. Extend the shelf-life of your fave summer mini and pair with thigh high boots.  READ MORE: London Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWREAD MORE:What Really Happens Behind-The-Scenes At LFW? We Ask The Insider's...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A confession: if I had one wish, I would probably use it not to be richer or smarter, but thinner. Much thinner. I am ashamed to admit it, of course, but the pursuit of skinniness has occupied a disproportionate amount of real estate in my mind for the past 20 years. During those two decades I have almost always been on a diet. When not on a diet, I am planning one or commiserating falling off one (masochism doesn’t equate to success).In fact, most women I know – smart, switched-on, engaged and aware – live with the complicit understanding that skinny is superior. I’ve lived with that white noise since I bought a fashion magazine for the first time aged 12.The thin factor resonates throughout society, from music videos to adverts, dolls to reality TV, but nowhere is that klaxon sounded louder than in fashion. All models generally conform to one generic standard of beauty: probably young and white, definitely tall and thin.I’m a size 10 when I’m off carbs and closer to a 14 in January. I am always 5ft 2in in bare feet with a shockingly unfashionable bra size. I am smaller than the average UK size but fat by fashion standards. The average British woman – size 16, 5ft 3in with 36DD boobs – remains woefully under-represented.The reason why fashion has to be singled out is, ironically, for many of the reasons I fell in love with it: the fantasy, the artistry, the beauty. The problem is that the artistry is so inextricable from the one body type consistently shown. We’re being sold a lie: even the models don’t look like that without professional hair and make-up, expert lighting and airbrushing. We shouldn’t mistake the subtleties of beauty for a BMI.Now the industry – which has played dumb for so long – is starting to admit that, yes, maybe this is an issue. Recently, luxury conglomerates LVMH and Kering unveiled a joint charter, banning models under French size 32 (UK 6) from walking in their shows. Like most high-profile brands, both have got into hot water with size issues before. And we hold our hands up too: Grazia has been complicit in perpetuating the thin ideal. When we highlighted this very issue in a piece about plus size earlier this year, we were inundated with letters from readers holding a mirror up to our own hypocrisy. (Extract: ‘Is it any wonder that designing for a broad spectrum of sizes is not taught when magazines such as Grazia persist in only featuring models who are a size 8 at best?’) You said it, we’re listening. That’s why this, our flagship fashion issue, includes two shoots with plus-sample-size models: Body Rocking and Wardrobe Workshop. I wish my 12-year-old self could see this. In fact, I hope most women I know now will see this.WATCH: Most expensive dresses in history Let’s be clear: this isn’t about curves = good, thin = bad. It isn’t about size zero shaming or fat fetishising. Rather, it’s recognising that there are a million shades of grey in-between fat and thin, that skinny isn’t the only definition of beauty and sample size isn’t an attainable goal for all. Surely, we don’t want the next generation to believe that self-worth is determined by a thigh gap? As Sophie Walker, leader of the Women’s Equality Party, which spearheads a #NoSizeFitsAll campaign, tells me, ‘It’s time to dispel once and for all the disturbing insistence on excessively thin models. Fashion and beauty should come in all shapes and sizes.’To address the problem, you have to understand it – and, frankly, we even struggle to de ne it. We cringe at the term ‘plus size’, but the language around it is clunky (some prefer the term ‘curve’ as it refers to body type rather than size) and the de nition hazy. Some plus- collections start at a size 12, others an 18. For the sake of argument, in this piece we’ll take plus size as meaning 16+.Tomes could be written on why we’re confronted with such a monotone definition of beauty, but let’s start with one word: samples. The one-off pieces made by designers for fittings, catwalk shows and for magazines to shoot (prior to the item going into mass production in the range of sizes you’ll see in shops). Samples typically come in a size 6-8; naturally, for a model to fit them she too must be a 6-8. This means that even if magazines want to use bigger models, their hands are tied (for the Body Rocking shoot, our fashion editor had to borrow shop stock). ‘I’ve had stylists say to me, “I’d love to use this girl but she isn’t a sample size.” That’s the root of the problem,’ says model agent Anna Shillinglaw, founder of MiLK Model Management, which represents ‘curve’ models and aims to challenge the standardised definition of beauty.In turn, designers argue they make clothes that size because A) that’s what magazines want; B) it’s costly to make more than one set of samples or set up a production run for more size options; and C) it’s trickier to make bigger pieces as sizing up often requires a redesign. ‘Achieving the perfect fit requires more technical knowledge in grading, ensuring shape and style details are not lost or compromised as the garments get bigger,’ concedes Ralph Tucker, product director at Simply Be, the curve specialist that sells clothes in sizes 12 to 32.Designer Roland Mouret, whose bombshell hourglass dresses run from a size 6 to 20, thinks you just have to be willing to accommodate different body types. ‘It’s just you being professional enough to understand that the body changes. Someone might be a bigger size but  at-chested and someone else might be really small but with big breasts,’ he says. Mouret credits meeting his actual customers with giving him a better understanding of how women want and need to dress. ‘The day I understood the difference between a woman and a model – that a woman wears a bra in the day and the model doesn’t because she’s 16 and we only employ her for a few minutes on the catwalk – made a big difference.’The sad truth, however, is that many designers don’t want to listen. What other explanation can there be for knowingly ignoring a market that’s there for the taking? The size 16+ womenswear market is worth £2.9bn and the size 20+ market alone worth £335m in the UK.Huge swathes of the industry remain defiantly snobby about dressing everywoman. ‘The fashion world is quite “fattist”,’ says Mouret, saying, somewhere along the line, the ‘dream of fashion’ has got confused with the pursuit of weight loss. We experienced it in creating this issue – some brands flatly refused tobe included in a plus-size feature.Prabal Gurung, the Nepalese-American designer who’s dressed everyone from Olivia Palermo to Michelle Obama, experienced this snobbery first-hand this year when he joined forces with US plus-size retailer Lane Bryant. The collaboration gave Gurung the chance, ‘to speak to this woman, to tell her, “I see you and I want to dress you”, yet it was met with sniggering. People were surprised by the stand we took by partnering with Lane Bryant. But that’s the reason I did this collaboration – to create a dialogue about the need for inclusion, and to change people’s minds,’ he says.Perhaps, slowly, people’s minds are changing. Gurung’s collaboration is certainly indicative of a shift in attitude towards plus size among the highest echelons of fashion. ‘The truth is, we’ve long been dressing women of all ages, sizes and shapes, and we’re happy to have the runway reflect that,’ says Michael Kors on his decision to give plus-size super Ashley Graham her high-fashion catwalk debut last season. Plus-sized models also walked for Christiano Siriano, Tome and Gurung. Elsewhere, Dolce & Gabbana and Vivienne Westwood tapped up Alessandra Garcia Lorido and Emma Breschi for their A/W ’17 campaigns (though it’s worth noting there’s a slight fall overall in the number of plus-size campaign castings this season).It’s fortifying to see cool, emerging designers embracing size diversity too. Take Marques’Almeida, they of frayed denim fame, who street-cast their last show partly in reaction to being, as designer Marta Marques puts it, ‘tired of the standardised image of what a model should look like. Needs to have this height, these measurements, this type of face – it makes no sense!’ She has a point: the reason we love fashion is its endless evolution and the power to surprise – how can our definition of beauty be so one-note and, well, boring?Retailers are also catching on. Founded by Patrick Herning and Kathryn Retzer, 11 Honoré, an e-commerce site offering high-end styles from the likes of Gurung, Kors and Marchesa in up to a US size 20 (UK 24), launched earlier this year. ‘We want to disrupt the way fashion approaches this underserved woman and provide her with the most diverse and stylish options out there,’ says CEO Herning. ‘Our consumer is excited to  finally have access to fashion straight from the runways,’ adds creative director Retzer.11 Honoré busts the myth that plus-size customers don’t enjoy or want to spend on fashion – they’ve just been locked out of the conversation for too long. When plus-size bloggers Nicolette Mason and Gabi Gregg (combined social media following: 700k) launched their own curve label, Premme, this summer, the response was so overwhelming the website crashed. ‘I think too many brands and designers have made their decisions around plus sizes based on their assumptions or their personal prejudices around plus-size bodies, rather than actually listening to the customer base,’ says Mason, who adds that Premme eschews ‘the antiquated (and boring) “rules” around dressing for our body types’ with its crop tops, cut-outs, bold stripes and a generally unapologetic vibe.Rules are being ripped up on the high street, too. For too long the plus-size customer has been treated differently. ‘The biggest misconception with the plus-size industry is that it’s a totally different market to the rest of fashion,’ says Tucker. Vanessa Spence, womenswear design director of ASOS, says that ASOS Curve – which offers sizes 18 to 30 – now takes 75% more sales than it did in 2014. She puts that success down to the fact that ‘we approach design in the same way for Curve customers as we would any other, but we’re aware of the variety of body shapes. We want to ensure that [she] is given the same offer as anyone else.’This sounds uplifting, but the sad reality is that many plus-size collections are still lacking. The models on our Body Rocking shoot told me that a lot of what is available in plus size is either too old for them (the words ‘matronly’, ‘mature’ and ‘grannyish’ pop up a lot) or garishly, obviously sexy. The yawning gap seems to be for effortless, modern pieces. As 20-year-old model Lucy Knell puts it, ‘I want to be able to dress cool, not just sexy.’ Fit is a challenge too – boobs prove particularly hard to accommodate and our fashion editor found good tailoring options were few and far between. Verdict? Signs of progress, could do better.For real, fundamental change to happen we have to nurture the positive seeds being sewn. To do a token fashion shoot is no use to anyone: we don’t need to see curves treated like gimmicks. At Grazia, that means making a commitment to use non-sample-sized models regularly and include clothes that are available in larger sizes in our shopping pages.And, of course, it shouldn’t be forgotten that we can all be the agents of change. We can refuse to agonise about our own weight in front of our daughters. We can stop talking endlessly about diets with our friends. We can look in the mirror and thank our bodies rather than perpetuate a monologue of self-disgust. We can wear what the fuck we want. We can practise quiet self-acceptance. We can recognise that we’re all different. And we can own the knowledge that, when it comes to beauty, there is no ‘one size fits all’ definition.The Big Fashion Issue is on sale now.READ MORE: The Scientific Reason Why You Should Follow Plus Size Models On InstagramREAD MORE: Why Is Plus Size STILL Fashion’s Final Frontier?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Spring brides - don't worry about making endless appointments at wedding boutiques next year as we've found your dress right here, on the spring/summer 2018 runways. Because why wear a dress tried on my countless other brides-to-be, when you can wear something totally different and totally to your taste? Something that you could legitimately wear again?We're not sure if it's fashion's pretty new sensibility for spring, or the fact that the traditional wedding dress no longer seems to be a prerequisite, but the London catwalks were overrun with bride-appropriate creations. From classic white, floaty lace ankle-skimmers, to pastel-hued chiffon concoctions, there were plenty of dresses we'd happily walk down the aisle wearing.WATCH: Burberry's best FROWsFor the princess bride, there were ruffled, high-neck dresses in pale lilac and grey at Erdem or actually-fit-for-a-royal white pieces at Emilia Wickstead (who is famoulsy patronised by the Duchess of Cambridge); Christopher Kane's fashion-forward clientele could opt for ostrich-feathered strapless dresses or broderie anglaise designs which showed a flash of over-sized knickers, while the Simone Rocha girl could wear floor-length cream silk for a Forties glamourous look; and if you're after a Hollywood red-carpet style, there's Ralph & Russo, who showed a series of jaw-dropping sheer pastel pink and lemon designs.Click through to see the 16 dresses we'd like to get married in... (now all we need is a groom).Ralph & Russo spring/summer 2018SS18 bridal looks - Grazia2of16Ralph & Russo spring/summer 2018Ralph & Russo spring/summer 2018Ralph & Russo spring/summer 2018Simone Rocha spring/summer 2018Ralph & Russo spring/summer 2018Preen by Thornton Bregazzi spring/summer 2018Simone Rocha spring/summer 2018Christopher Kane spring/summer 2018Preen by Thornton Bregazzi spring/summer 2018Christopher Kane spring/summer 2018Christopher Kane spring/summer 2018Emilia Wickstead spring/summer 2018Erdem spring/summer 2018Erdem spring/summer 2018Emilia Wickstead spring/summer 2018Simone Rocha spring/summer 2018READ MORE: What's Inside A Fashion Editor's LFW Handbag?READ MORE: Roksanda Just Made Millennial Pink Cool Again With One Dress© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion is a fickle beast, changing its mind quicker than you can click your fingers. To keep you abreast of what’s hot and what’s been put on ice, here’s your guide to LFW’s biggest revelations.After Daniella Westbrook stepped out dressed in a Burberry mini-kilt, wielding a handbag and buggy also in the house’s iconic beige check, the label did all it could to distance itself from their own branding. In the ultimate power-move, Burberry just reclaimed its check and in the process confidently reembraced their heritage.Whichever way you looked, left, right or backwards, you were sure to spot at least one street style savant wearing a double-breasted Prince of Wales check blazer. Consider this the must-have item for autumn!Of all the shows on London Fashion Week’s packed schedule, the one that pulled the most high-profile models wasn’t a luxury house or an indie name on the up but high street-favourite, Topshop. With Kate Moss (plus daughter Lila Grace by her side) in attendance, Toppers had a cast that read like a Victoria’s Secret show with Arizona Muse, Lineisy Montero, Hailey Baldwin, Joan Smalls, Jourdan Dunn, Alanna Arrington all walking the runway.You’d think the British Fashion Council’s show space would be the epicentre of action, but it wasn’t. Hardly a show graced their fair catwalk. Instead, attendees raced from Claridges to Brick Lane, from the Connaught to Wapping with barely a stop off at the official Strand location.After reports of journalists being spat at everyone was in agreement that the anti-fur demo outside Burberry’s show got out of hand. However, it catalysed a much-needed conversation about the place of animal by-products within fashion. As the Daily Telegraph’s Lisa Amstrong highlighted, Net-A-Porter, Central Saint Martins and Selfridges have all banned the use of fur. Will the BFC be next?Put those mini-skirts to the back of your wardrobe as there is a massive cover-up predicted for next season. The likes of Erdem, Natasha Zinko and Roksanda forecast a future of longer hems and higher necklines.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It seems Christmas has come early for the Duchess of Cambridge with the news that two of her much-loved fashion brands - Preen and L K Bennett - are collaborating.It was announced yesterday that the London-based brands have worked together to design a 16-piece ready-to-wear collection.  Inspired by the floral watercolours of Scottish designer and artist, Charles Rennie Mackintosh, the range consists of dresses, skirts and knitwear.Inspired by Preen’s catwalk pieces and designer duo Justin Thornton and Thea Bregazzi’s romantic and polished aesthetic, we can expect vibrant florals, flattering cuts and feminine details. Plus, with prices floating between £195 and £550, the range offers you a chance to bag a piece of Preen for the price of L.K.Bennett.WATCH: Prince William and Kate Middleton's Relationship Timeline‘In working with L.K. Bennett, we loved the idea of reaching out to a larger audience, and giving the L.K.Bennett customer a slightly more directional product…. The L.K. Bennett brand is about enduring ‘style and confidence' and it’s these qualities that we were excited to design for,’ Justin Thornton of Preen told US Glamour.To launch the new collection, Preen and L.K.Bennett tapped model Erin O'Connor to star in the campaign. In the images O’Connor is spotted in a graphic print wrap dress with cut-out shoulder detailing - we can certainly see K-Middy snapping this one up.While last weekend at London fashion week, professional clothes horse Olivia Palermo was spotted wearing a tangerine orange shirt dress that certainly has the Duchess’ name on it.For details of the new collection check out lkbennet.com/preenREAD MORE: Prince Harry And Kate Middleton Have The Sweetest FriendshipREAD MORE: Everything You Need To Know About Kate MiddletonREAD MORE: Kate Middleton's Best Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s hard not to look at pictures of Erdem’s London Fashion Week show today without thinking what could be walking off that catwalk and straight into the label’s upcoming collaboration with H&M. From the cropped cardigans to the cat-eye sunglasses and couture-level embroidered gowns, it’s one of the designers Erdem Moralioğlu’s most intricate and covetable collections to date.Collaborating with a brand as far-reaching and populist as H&M has its benefits, namely putting Erdem’s name on an international and commercial stage. But, it also has the downside of making the fashion world’s gaze study the brand’s every move until then in extreme detail. With the H&M collab’s launch date just mere weeks away (add 2nd November to your diary STAT), the label’s spring summer 2018 catwalk show today was treated like a test. And, guess what? It passed with flying colours!Fans of Alexa Chung, Kate Bosworth and Keira Knightley’s wardrobes will know that the London-based designer favours feminine frothy party dresses. The label veers towards grown-up, demure silhouettes that fall below the knee with lean, long sleeves. In keeping with the brand’s DNA, Erdem approached spring with an elegant touch. Inspired by Leeds - yes, really - and a specific moment in 1958 when the Queen met the musician Duke Ellington, the spring collection was a walking tour of a what-could-have-been royal wardrobe. The look was romantic and compelling, jumping between Prince of Wales check tailoring and bead encrusted gowns worthy of a Cecil Beaton photograph.As for what we learnt about his forthcoming H&M collab? Not much, except to get to the store early as this will surely be a blockbuster moment for fashion folk!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though Marques' Almeida may not be a household name - yet - the trends the London-based label has kickstarted are. Their Central Saint Martins-trained duo’s fingerprints are all over the frayed hem denim, puffa jackets and kick flares that have defined the last half a decade of fashion. So, a lot was riding on their London Fashion Week show today. To save you the suspense, they didn't disappoint.Like any Marques' Almeida show it was rife with obscure reference and teeny nuanced details that will blossom into full-blown trends for next season. Take the marabou-hemmed pyjama silk dresses, for instance. I readily expect to see Topshop, ASOS and Zara try their hand at them. Likewise, one-off concepts like the tie of a cargo pant or the introduction of a sequin waistcoat might herald a new awakening of a forgotten mid-2000s staple.Whether conscious or not, the collection touched on the current troublesome relationship between America and Asia. In a desecrated set of long Victorian railway arches in the East End, the models walked to a soundtrack of Dolly Parton while wearing a new twist on cowboy boots. The Americana theme didn't stop there as cowhide, plaid and the wide deck chair-thick stripes of the United States' flag were leitmotifs of the collection. However, the introduction of Nehru collar dresses and lopsided blouses, as well as a take on East Asian dragon print added tension. Like the cultures in conversation, the intricate print covered board shorts, and the vibrant silk brocade of cheongsam dresses were inserted into cowhide biker jackets or corseted a striped shirt, which was paired with fatigue-coloured cropped cargo pants.The show notes perfectly summed it up: ‘This collection feels so free and so full of different references to so many different amazing women’. Ulterior political motives or not, Marques’ Almeida has managed to encapsulate the way their generation Z consumers think. Like their famous frayed and ripped denim, the M’A girl dresses without borders or clean lines of division. Their wardrobe is a jigsaw without partition lines.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As one of the few female womenswear designers, Roksanda can always be relied upon to make clothes that we actually want in our wardrobes. This season was no different, with the London Fashion Week favourite showing a collection of chic summer options to take you from board meeting to beach bar.The show opened with a series of off-white, beige and caramel dresses before graduating to her signature jewel-toned silk ankle-skimmers, often layered over trousers. There were flashes of colour throughout - whether it was the yellow lining of a cream tunic, or a baby blue rope belt, while bags were also in vivid shades of Pepto Bismal pink and cornflower blue.Except for Hibiscus and vine prints on blue and coral pant suits and beige linen panels on black culottes, this was a simple collection, that relied on silhouette and cut rather than fussy detail. Not that it was sparse; light, floral appliques in tulle fluttered on sheer skirts, while tonal beading added embellishment to a simple column dress and tassels cropped up again and again.And the dress everyone will want? The finale look, which was an elegant floor-length, high-neck number in Barbie pink, which featured sunflower appliques.READ MORE: Mary Katrantzou Balanced Fantasy With Practicality For SS18READ MORE: Leomie Anderson Highlights Fashion's Diversity Problem After Being Dropped From Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion Month is, as the saying goes, a marathon not a sprint – albeit a very well dressed one. One week after hopping across the Atlantic for NYFW, Grazia’s fashion editor is on home soil for London Fashion Week (jetlag be damned) to see what the likes of JW Anderson, Erdem and Christopher Kane have in store for next season (or, in the case of the designers who have adopted a see now, buy now approach, for this season…)For London Fashion Week, Grazia’s fashion editor opted for MICHAEL Michael Kors’ Gramercy Leopard Calf Hair Frame Satchel: the classic, structured shape means it is capacious enough to house all of the essentials, while the bold print makes it a talking point.  During Fashion Week, versatility is key, and the choice of a ladylike handle or adjustable shoulder strap in black leather provides just that. And to keep those show tickets in order? A selection of discreet pockets. Who said fashion and function were mutually exclusive?Stashed inside, you’ll find Bobbi Brown’s Cream Glow Highlighter to add a touch of radiance on the go (giving a partied-out Fashion Week complexion a much-needed boost), plus a miniature Reviving Energising Spray from high street staple Primark (at just £1.50, it’s cheaper than grabbing a coffee to go – and has a similarly revitalising effect sans caffeine). Then, there are the day-to-day essentials: iPhone, keys, credit card plus a diary packed with appointments (luckily, our trusty Mercedes cab has been taking us from show to show, making travelling across the capital a breeze…), a pass for the BFC Show Space on the Strand and a clutch of show invites. While we’ve probably seen the last of the British summer, we’re still optimistic for a last hurrah of good weather, making a pair of these pink-framed sunglasses by Prada a must-pack.READ MORE: London Fashion Week: All The Action From The Front RowREAD MORE: See Inside The Secret Contents Of A Fashion Editor's NYFW Handbag© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here at Grazia, we always try to be bold and brave – especially with our fashion. Which is why our three Big Fashion Issue cover stars - Halima Aden, Lauren Hutton and Hilary Rhoda – are some of the most influential women in fashion right now. Halima, the first model to wear a headscarf on the runway; Lauren, who’s been killing it in the worlds of fashion and film for 50 years, and Hilary, who at 30 has been the face of Estee Lauder for a decade. Who better to front our bi-annual super-sized issue dedicated to fashion?And what an issue it is. After being the first British fashion magazine to put Ashley Graham on the cover in 2016, we’ve introduced the new model army, seven of the hottest plus-size girls working in fashion today. We’ve shot them wearing this season’s biggest trends and shown you wear to shop their favourite new-in pieces, too – proving that fashion can be inclusive.Elsewhere, Laura Antonia Jordan reveals fashion’s plus-size conspiracy and why the industry still shunning a billion-pound market in a deeply personal and game-changing piece. After all, why are the catwalks predominantly filled with tall and thin models, when the average British woman is a size 16 and 5ft 3in? As Laura writes, ‘We’re being sold a lie: even the models don’t look like that without professional hair and make-up, expert lighting and airbrushing.’Because fashion should be fun, we also celebrate the return of a newer, happier mood on the catwalks, from new Queen of the FROW Celine Dion, to designers embracing sequins, colour, and a sense of humour. Now there’s something to smile about.The Big Fashion Issue is on newsstands tomorrow – don’t miss it.READ MORE: The Accessories From Anya Hindmarch You'll Want To Carry Next SeasonREAD MORE: Leomie Anderson Highlights Fashion's Diversity Problem After Being Dropped From Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From crocs to chokers, there are many fashion trends that divide opinion. The latest? A pair of double jeans. Not to be confused with double denim (another contentious look), double jeans are essentially a pair of jeans with another pair sewn to the top to create two simultaneous waistbands. Yep, one waistband is so last season - keep up.Created by London-based designer Natasha Zinko, the description stipulates that the ‘layered waistbands give these wide-leg Natasha Zinko jeans a modern high-low profile.’ We’re not sure what that means either.The pair of jeans in question also come with  contrast side stripes, seven pockets, button closure, raw hem edges, and zip fly at each waist panel. To say there’s a lot going on would be an understatement...Naturally, this marmite item has sent the Internet into overdrive with the majority of people totally confused by this bonkers style.‘They have to be a joke right? You've got to be kidding me with these right? They are HIDEOUS!’ one shopper commented via Shopbop where the offending item are currently being sold.What’s even more bizarre is that the jeans don’t even come cheap, they will cost you a whopping £518. Considering their limited wearability it seems a high price to pay. And even more mysteriously these jeans are sold out. Yep, someone somewhere must be loving this new trend..READ MORE: The #1 Denim Trend Everyone Will Be Wearing This SummerREAD MORE: 7 Global Super-Brands Set To Shake Up Your WardrobeREAD MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A Scandi© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s no secret that the fashion industry has a major problem with diversity and representation. The depressing reality is that models of colour are still often absent from major runway shows due to biased casting processes; if and when they are cast, they’re often forced to deal with make-up artists who are ill-prepared to properly work with non-white models. By speaking out about the day-to-day reality of working as a black model in a majority white environment, Victoria’s Secret model Leomie Anderson is spotlighting an issue that the industry has pushed aside for too long.On the second day of London Fashion Week, the model took to Twitter to share the story of how she’d been turned away from a model casting – despite already having been confirmed to walk in that show – apparently because the designer (who has not been named) had already cast one model of colour.‘Being confirmed for a show then being dropped because the designer doesn’t feel like using more than one black girl is so sickening,’ she tweeted on September 16th.‘Can’t believe I went to a fitting for 8.40am, got put into a line with six white girls, watch their looks get selected then get told “he can’t find anything for you, you can go” along with a tanned Brazilian model,’ she explained.‘Once he selected a mixed girl with curly hair the quota was clearly at capacity despite the fact that I had already been CONFIRMED for the show.’‘I got dropped because I was black. End of,’ she concluded.Leomie was immediately and widely praised for her honesty, and followed up the tweets with an interview on BBC Radio Four’s Woman’s Hour earlier today, in which she revealed that she feels compelled to speak out to make things better for future generations of models.‘At this point in my career, I feel like me being silent is me not standing up for other young girls who are coming up in the industry,’ she told host Jane Garvey. ‘I remember when I was younger and I wasn’t saying anything, I’d be going down the runway with my face looking grey, I’d be crying backstage because nobody wanted to do my hair or someone said a comment that was really offensive to me and I didn’t say anything.’'I feel like there have been a lot of situations where black models have been made to feel like second class citizens during Fashion Week or during their jobs,' she went on to add, before explaining that 'the only what they we are going to move forward within the fashion industry is by having new people, new blood, new ideas and a fresh perspective. A lot of the mistreatment that we go through is because fashion is a very old industry.'READ MORE: Leomie Anderson Calls Out Unprepared Make-Up ArtistsREAD MORE: Leomie Anderson On Walking For Victoria's Secret For The First Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As the fashion pack descended on New York to celebrate the city’s design talent, we kept half an eye on the looks away from the catwalk. For the girls that caught our eye, the emphasis was on colour and minimum effort. A dose of nostalgia injected Paloma Esser’s sporty look with cool, while a slash of shades and textures made DJ Tygapaw stand out. Here, see the five best lessons we learned that are guaranteed to add a kick of cool to any fall look. AND THEN SHE NEVER WORE A COOL OUTFIT AGAINA post shared by  Leandra (Medine) Cohen (@leandramcohen) on Sep 13, 2017 at 1:24pm PDTThis season the blazer is king. It rules supreme over everything else, so come wash-day wear a jacket like Leandra Medine’s and feel on-point while making as little effort as possible. an opulent j.lo moment for @badgalriri 's masterful @fentyxpuma show last night 🍯 ~ still in awe !A post shared by  Paloma Elsesser (@palomija) on Sep 11, 2017 at 7:01am PDTVelour tracksuit, huge hoops and a white singlet, is that the naughtiest calling? Though Paloma Esser attended the Fenty looking like J.Lo circa 2001, she stayed on-point for this season by committing to a single color with head-to-toe-to-handbag mustard. 🌸@gucci 🌸 📸: @bfaA post shared by  cleo wade (@cleowade) on Sep 7, 2017 at 10:20am PDTCleo Wade’s expert layering is proof that a crisp white shirt looks better OOO. See how she’s used it to downplay the elaborate embroidery of her Gucci crop top and elevate the rips in her boyfriend jeans? Genius! Kicked off my NYFW with a super productive therapy session, quick outfit change at @the.wing, and the most beautiful dress. Support women, k?A post shared by  kimberly not kim (@museummammy) on Sep 6, 2017 at 5:07pm PDTCold legs rejoice because the bad-girl, pre-punctured hosiery aka net tights are still in for winter. Kimberley wore hers with luxe velvet boots and a Malarian fitted dress for a high-low fashion twist. Thank you for having me @dvf 🐥💁🏾🇯🇲🔥A post shared by  TYGAPAW 🇯🇲 (@tygapaw) on Sep 10, 2017 at 10:36pm PDTJamaican-born androgynous DJ Tygapaw made leopard-print trousers her own by referencing the style of Missy Elliot with her yellow fur coat and off-kilter pink suede creepers. Lesson: clash for impact.Like this? You might also be interested in...4 Ways To Wear Flares That You Haven't Thought Of[5 Of The Most Ludicrous Things That Happened At NYFW](https://thedebrief.co.uk/style/fashion/5-of-the-most-ludicrous-things-that-happened-at-nyfw-20170968225)13 Designer Handbag Dupes & Where To Get ThemThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the Burberry show, otherwise known as the hottest ticket of London Fashion Week, may have been delayed by animal rights activists campaigning on its doorstep, this did nothing to dampen its impact. For, the British brand showed (once again) how in-touch it is with the times.Though steeped in heritage, Burberry has always been a forerunner in experimenting with new strategy. From staging the first streamed fashion show to partnering with social media giants, to instigating see-now-buy-now, the label has always been one step ahead. This time the brand shunned its traditional red carpet catwalk spectacle to present its spring/summer 2018 collection in more intimate surroundings, namely an Eighteenth Century building in Clerkenwell. But, this wasn’t the only time in the show Burberry paid dues to history to kickstart a trend as the collection reclaimed the brand's iconic tartan.Fifteen years has been deemed long enough for the public to either forget Daniella Westbrook’s outing in head-to-toe check or, for us to treat it as post-ironic. Since the check has found new cultural cachet with avid followers of vintage resellers Wavey Garms, it seems appropriate for Burberry to at least cashing in on their nostalgia. The plaid, in caramel, navy, green and scarlet, became the thread that drew the collection together.Embracing the current trend for eclecticism, Burberry showed military tailoring followed by oversized grungy knits. A plastic poncho in fluoro green was presented after a sweater vest. And, a pretty millennial pink party gown with applique flowers worn with socks and heels was followed by a model in a cornflower blue shearling robe with one statement earring. The result was enchanting if disarming in its creative persuasion.The reintroduction of the brand's check comes months after a menswear collaboration with Russian designer Gosha Rubchinskiy forced the design out of retirement. But, where that was a one-off fashion moment, this collection solidified the return of the brand’s ubiquitous tartan.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Season after season, the Topshop girl is a spirited party girl at heart. It’s this perennially upbeat and laidback mood that has made the high street colossus’s catwalk shows a London Fashion Week highlight: that, and the fact that there’s a stronger than average chance you’ll spot Kate Moss sitting front row (there’s also the draw of the pre-show catering, perfect for staving off hanger at LFW’s Sunday afternoon tipping point…)This September’s show marked the first time that Topshop has shrugged off the ‘Unique’ branding that had always accompanied its higher end offering, re-casting its ‘see now, buy now’ collection (which went on sale online immediately after guests left their seats) as Series 001. Inspiration came from the spirit of Soho: a grittier Soho of a few decades back, rather than the largely gentrified district of today, with the show notes name-checking now-closed haunts like Madame Jojo’s and the Revuebar.Things might have ended on a more casual note – the finale saw a girl gang of models including Jourdan Dunn, Hailey Baldwin and Lineisy Montero pairing customised ‘name’ T-shirts with assorted denim – but this was a collection designed with night time in mind, and one that presented a slew of options for party season (if you can snap them up quick enough). For braver souls, delicately embellished negligée-esque slips - including one particular standout in powdery Cinderella blue, as modelled by Dunn - presented a glamorous counterpoint to pyjama dressing; other crowd-pleasing pieces came in the form of fitted, squared-necked sheath dresses in pastel shades (a nod to Princess Di?) and marabou-decked bandeaus. Series 001 comes with a lower price point than we’ve come to associate with past Unique lines, a tactic which has only succeeded in making this collection seem even more desirable.Though the show notes might have explicitly harked back to the days before Instagram, expect to soon see plenty of pieces from the show’s daytime offering on a social media feed near you: think faux fur jackets, wearable cable knits and a wide-lapelled overcoat in the most millennial-baiting shade of pale pink.READ MORE: Mary Katrantzou Balanced Fantasy With Practicality For SS18READ MORE: Public Service Announcement: Burberry Check Is Back© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s been an absolute nightmare keeping this to ourselves, but Topshop lent us their new Autumn collection to try on before their catwalk show this afternoon. Unlike other shows, it’s hard to not treat Topshop’s London Fashion Week presentation with more excitement, purely because it’s one we can actually afford to (and will most likely) buy it. However, we’ll still face the conundrum: how does a dress modelled by a 6ft high Goddess with Bambi legs and a size 6 waist, look in real life. Enlisting the help of London’s resident creative, cool girl-slash-braid queen (Google Keash Braids to find out more!) to try on the new collection, we can now spill on how everything fits and feels…Black Pointelle Dress, £89, Hooded Puffer Jacket, £69, JUMP Slingback Bow Kitten Heels, £59.‘On the hanger, this dress is a bit terrifying. It brings back 2008 flashbacks of celebrities squeezed like sausages into Herve Leger bandage dresses. However, when on this is actually a subtle and sophisticated black dress. The corset-like hook-and-eyes closures are playful and the stretch fabric is ribbed to draw the eye imperceptibly in at the waist and vertically along the front. This will definitely be added to my Saturday night play book!’Yellow Trousers, £75, Yellow Jacket, £120, Chainmail Shoulder Bag, £32, JUMP Slingback Bow Kitten Heels, £59.‘I think I might actually be in love with this suit. It’s an interesting and quite unusual golden canary colour that’s a far cry from last year’s La La Land yellow. It will definitely lift your mood on a wintery day. I think it’s really flattering and the material feels and looks expensive. It has a louche sensibility, that’s very compelling. While the trouser are very comfortable and have a dreamy drape, I would prefer the blazer to be cut slightly slighter, so I would recommend buying a size smaller.’Dobby Dress, £150.‘As soon as I put this on I instantly felt more romantic! It’s floaty and feels like I’ve actually dressed up though it requires very little effort. It’s a nice twist on a shirtdress.’Denim Jacket, £59, Denim Trousers, £49, Ribbed Knit Jumper, £29, ROUX Patent Square Toe Shoes, £56, Chainmail Shoulder Bag, £32.‘This outfit is all round surprising. At first glance, the denim jacket looks pretty bog standard, but there are hidden details in the fit that makes it feel modern, like the soft shoulder and the extra-long cuffs that can be turned up. It’s so rare to find low-rise jeans that fit like a dream, but these are surprisingly perfect. Plus, the denim is very soft, it makes them feel like a cotton hug.’ Slip Top, £49, Asymmetric Hem Knit Skirt, £39, JUMP Slingback Bow Kitten Heels, £59‘This top has a soft peplum structure that elevates it above your bog-standard “going out top”. It is covered in intricate geometric embroidery and has an even more elaborate laced back that took several seconds to figure out. But, once I clocked how to get it over my head and where my arms are meant to go, it revealed a gently tailored silhouette with this flattering almost-halter neckline. Though the back is totally (like not an ounce of fabric) naked, I don’t feel too exposed in it so I think it could work well with jeans or layered over the top on other occasions.’[](http://www.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/shoes-430/heels-458/jump-slingback-bow-kitten-heels-6776865?bi=60&ps=20)**Like This? You Might Also Be Interested In...**The Best Straight Leg Jeans To Wear With A Going Out TopTesting So You Don't Have To: How Short Are High Street Shorts?We Tried On Everything At Urban Outfitters That Reminded Us Of The '90sThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At her London Fashion Week show, Anya Hindmarch proved once again that humour is her secret weapon. In the past she's called on breakfast cereal and scrunched crisp packets for inspiration, at her eponymous label's presentation this morning she again delved into the mundane for her spring/summer 2018 collection. Indeed, Anya called on the grey and beige (greige?) palette of suburbia's skies and architecture for inspiration.Her models wore vivid sportswear and cold-shoulder dresses with intricate embroidery while carrying handbags that playfully nodded to the theme. There were padded ruffled bags with cloud-shaped trinkets  and smiley faces attached in the overcast grey of a British winter. While the brand presented only one shape of spectacle - slight, rectangular and worn low on the nose - with clear and coloured lenses they showcased a choice of shoes. Box-fresh white sneakers walked out after peachy hued slides with padded hearts attached, T-bar flats and 1940's style heels followed cartoonish slippers with the label's quintessential googly-eyes attached.Taking inspiration from the eiderdowns of a post-war two-up two-down house, Anya Hindmarch showed a 2017 twist on a housecoat with an appliqué collar and cuffed sleeves. Riffing on this, the collection was littered with padded, quilted and hand-stitched pin-wheel in bags that mimiced the puffed throw cushions a Stepford wife would have lining her bedspread. Likewise, a series of boxy totes printed with a cats face showed the label's confidence in their playful vision and new-found appreciation for the suburban lifestyle. For the customer that's spent more than one late night on the night bus home to zone 6 they will find thesilver kebab box clutch a friendly reminder of what suburban living is really like. Think of it as the Instagram-ready update on Anya Hindmarch's crisp bag clutch.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mary Katrantzou has never been one to shy away from intricacies, whether that's the lampshade skirts and digital prints that made her famous, or the sequin embroidery kick that she's currently on.Indeed, her collaboration with Atelier Swarovski saw precious stones in vivid primary hues encased in geometric patterns, with one of the standout looks of the show being a lime green flapper dress that dazzled as it caught the light.READ MORE: London Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWHer signature digital prints were also evident, but somewhat pared back and simple in keeping with her inspiration - the arts and crafts of childhood. Giant paint-by-numbers flowers were seen on dresses and skirts, while mismatched polka dots turned up in chic little skirt suits. There were also Perspex Lego building blocks on bags, plus Tetris-like shapes on dangling earrings. The joyful colours of youth were omnipresent - from graduated rainbows to school uniform navy and khaki.It wasn't all flowers and sparkles though. This season, she brought a little bit of practicality to her spring offering too, with raincoat nylon playing a major role in bubble hem dresses and cropped sleeve jackets, pulled in with drawstrings before ballooning out.As the show notes quoted Pablo Picasso, 'every child is an artist.'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The colour-pop jackets, power-suits and paps are out. Yes, London Fashion Week is well and truly underway, with Grazia’s eyes firmly fixed on the best-dressed celebrities on the front rows at Burberry, J.W Anderson and Roksanda...The Burberry show, which this season was hosted at the Old Sessions House in Clerkenwell, remained as starry an affair as ever, with the likes of Naomi Campbell, Kate Moss, Cara Delevingne and Jourdan Dunn making up the stellar front row. They were joined by the likes of Anna Wintour, Stormzy, Maya Jama and Adwoa Aboah.Our favourite Brit fashion squad Alexa Chung, Pixie Geldof and Henry Holland kicked off proceedings in style with pre-Fashion Week launch drinks for Henry's latest collaboration with... wait for it... Woody Woodpecker (as worn by Pixie on the night). The pair were later spotted in the best seats in the house at the House of Holland show on Saturday.Move over, Kate Middleton: it seems that the fashion industry is entirely enamoured with Lady Amelia Windsor, who landed her debut Dolce & Gabbana campaign earlier this year. The 36th in line to the throne gave Shrimps the royal seal of approval, attending their presentation wearing one of the brand's signature fluffy faux-fur coats.Star of stage and screen Ophelia Lovibond has clocked up a handful of Fashion Week appearances already, attending Shrimps like Amelia as well as Bora Aksu.The larger-than-life designer hopped across the pond after marking the 20th anniversary of his eponymous label at New York Fashion Week earlier this month. This time around, he was celebrating his collaboration with UGG by throwing a party for his extensive circle of industry pals. We think all future events should feature a throne as a posing prop, Jeremy...Scroll through our gallery below for our pick of the best-dressed front row attendees from London Fashion Week SS18…Credit: Getty ImagesFurther establishing herself as fashion's favourite royal, Lady Amelia Windsor attended the Cutler & Gross party in a faux fur-adorned puffa jacketLondon Fashion Week Front Row SS18 2of27Further establishing herself as fashion's favourite royal, Lady Amelia Windsor attended the Cutler & Gross party in a faux fur-adorned puffa jacketIt's only natural to bring out your best faux fur for the Shrimps presentation, just like Ophelia Lovibond didOphelia Lovibond paired her print maxi dress with a flash of fluoro colour (note the bold pink shoes) for the Bora Aksu showLady Amelia Windsor attended the Shrimps presentation, wearing one of the brand's signature coatsDaisy Lowe brought the glamour to Eudon Choi, wearing a simple yet striking ensembleFront row regular Amber Le Bon looked ladylike in millennial pink laceJasmine Hemsley chose a print maxi with an eye-catchingly flared skirt for the first day of showgoingJourdan Dunn looked the part at adidas and JD's Streets of EQT presentation, which was styled by Hailey BaldwinLottie Moss, photographed at Jeremy Scott's party with UGG, made us want to swap polka dots for stripesCharlotte Wiggins wore an LBD and biker jacket for Jeremy Scott's UGG partyNaomi Campbell and Adwoa Aboah (both wearing Burberry) posed together ahead of the brand's September show at Old Sessions HouseSelah Marley kept things casual in laidback layers at Burberry's September 2017 showCara Delevingne opted for bold check prints (as seen on the September catwalk) and a simple black crop top at Burberry, also showing off a new facial piercingCara was joined by Fleabag creator and star Phoebe Waller Bridge, who wore a signature Burberry trench in deep redLondon's favourite fashion duo Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss were out in force for the Burberry showJourdan Dunn added yet further to the star power at Burberry, wearing a signature trench in sugary pink laceStormzy made his Burberry show debutMaya Jama's printed Burberry dress just shot straight to the top of our autumn wishlistsBel Powley's Burberry look provided that being fashion forward and being weather-proof needn't be mutually exclusiveAnna Wintour made an appearance at Burberry, wearing a trench in one of the brand's freshly re-surfaced checksWet-look vinyl-fish shirt, a slight kick flare and boots: a signature Alexa Chung look for the JW Anderson showJulia Restoin Roitfeld paired a statement knit with a hi-shine leather skirt for the JW Anderson showDaisy Lowe proved that double velvet (in this case, a long coat and heeled sandals) is definitely a 'thing' at the Simone Rocha showPixie Geldof turned out to support her pal Henry Holland at his latest House of Holland catwalk showElla Eyre's pink fluffy jumper and checkerboard print combo appeared to take styling cues from CluelessSam Rollinson's fit-and-flare denim dress already has a pining for summer (yes, we're fully aware it's only September)Charlotte Wiggins showedus how to master transitional summer-to-autumn dressing at the House of Holland showREAD MORE: Why Instagram Live Is Set To Be The Biggest Trend At London Fashion WeekREAD MORE: Grazia Exclusive: Neelam Gill And Amber Le Bon Reveal Their Tips To Surviving London Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...House of Holland showed at London Fashion Week today a joyful collection of miniskirts, fluffy sandals and pirate hats (yes, really). However, our eyes kept glancing passed the beautiful models to land on Alexa Chung.While the girls walked out in op-art printed dresses and shirts with bumbags swung under their arms, Alexa sat front row (of course) in a simple, yet beguiling outfit. The models were dressed to the nines in Devoré velvet, tailored sportswear and space-age specs while Alexa was dressed simply in jeans and a shirt. Though her look wasn’t as loud or trendsetting as Henry Holland’s clothes, it was everything we want to wear now.With the weather in flux – thanks, late summer, or is that early autumn? – Alexa had the right idea wearing a pair of well-cut jeans and a shirt warm enough to not need a jacket. Her leather Victoriana collar blouse was from J.W. Anderson and costs a cool £1,280. Its high-shine and total inability to crease meant it was camera-(or is that Instagram-) ready from every angle. She tucked it into mid-rise dark denim trousers and abbreviated black patent boots. Stylish, easy and possible to recreate on the high street. Thanks, Alexa!For those curious, Alexa sat sandwiched between Harley Viera-Newton and Pixie Geldof, with Nick Grimshaw bringing up the rear, as they watched their friend Henry Holland's show. They all whooped and cheered as the cast of models, which included muse-of-the-moment Duckie Thot, took the runway to 90s rave tunes and The Streets. Fittingly, considering the set was a pirate ship, the opening look of the spring summer 2018 collection was a white hoodie printed with the words 'Original Pirate Material' that was worn with an asymmetric wave-printed skirt, high socks and decorated green sandals.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Molly Goddard has suffered the same plight of many of London Fashion Week’s young designers; her work has been copied within an inch of its life. Her sheer shirred dresses are so ubiquitous that they kickstarted one of this year’s major fashion trends. Yet, Goddard with her eponymous label today proved her aesthetic is evolving faster than the high street can copy. She pulled a fast one, by designing something no one saw coming!   When Goddard appeared on the scene in 2014, it was with a host of now-iconic puffed out dresses, and she hasn't forgotten that. For spring summer 2017 the designer, who dresses the likes of Rihanna and Agyness Deyn, has stayed true to her roots as there were plenty of peek-a-boo net gowns with square necklines for her followers. However, she moved her brand forward with a swift move into daywear. Though there were a few crystal encrusted party dresses, there was notably a handful of tailored items. A blazer stood out as Goddard trying something new, as did the tailored black trousers worn under a smock dress.'I’m laughing because it sounds funny, but it’s vaguely "sexy businesswoman hippie," it makes sense in my head though, and that’s how I convey it to my studio,' the London-based designer told Vogue.Less whimsical than before, but a lot more practical, this collection is a sign that Goddard has a 24-7 business model. Though our hearts will still below well and truly to the most romantic and eccentric gowns of hers, we're already looking forward to a Spring where the workplace is ruled by the Goddard look.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Simone Rocha’s signature ladylike-with-a-twist aesthetic has made her one of London’s favourite designers and a hit with critics, so it was unsurprising to see that she’s stuck to what she does best for spring/summer 2018, showing a collection at Fashion Week entirely made up of pretty-but-kooky dresses. But the one surprising inclusion? A plethora of chic black pieces. Yes that’s right – black, in summer.Black, although the unofficial uniform of the fashion set, is usually reserved for autumn/winter. Rocha’s inclusion of it here in a series of dresses – some with orange pansy or rose prints, others sheer and embroidered with white lace, one slinky and floor-length (perfect for Morticia Addams) – was a particularly exciting part of the collection for us, self-confessed fans of the all-black uniform. Our favourite look was a hybrid-dress that combined a floral print top with half a sheer skirt, with a round-neck, balloon sleeves and skirt trailing the ankles.WATCH: The starriest Burberry FROWs of all timeFor those who want a more traditional summer dress, there were plenty of white options, with bunched up skirts, high-necks and ruffles, plus lace, sheer gauze and broderie anglaise details. There were Flamenco-inspired pieces with flashes of red, plus nude Forties-esque ones with pops of colour in the Warhol-esque floral prints.Drawing on her previous work, she continued to play with volume and shape for SS18, this time working with layers of ruffles, balloon sleeves and rounded shoulders, all of which had an almost Eighties feel – think Molly Ringwold going to prom, but in 2017 not 1987. There were the usual ladylike accessories – from her flatform sandals to pearl-encrusted hair slides and hand-held boxy bags – all of which will no doubt become must-have items. But us? We want that black dress, please.READ MORE: London Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROW London Fashion Week: The Only Cheat Sheet You'll Ever Need© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...J.W. Anderson is one of the busiest men in fashion. Not only does he produce two collections yearly for his eponymous brand’s menswear and womenswear, but he is also the creative director of Loewe, and recently found time to collaborate with Uniqlo, bringing his unique edgy-yet-pretty aesthetic to the masses. Today, he showed his spring/summer 2018 womenswear collection at London Fashion Week, with press and influencers cooing over his vision for what we should be wearing next season.Despite making his name with ‘ugly’ genderless clothing, this was a pretty, girly collection, showing just how far his brand has evolved in the nine years since he made his debut. There were flashes of it, sure – perhaps in the deconstructed corsets, slashed skirts and flat walking boots – but this was overwhelmingly an aesthetically pleasing offering.There were co-ords featuring midi-length skirts and matching off-the-shoulder crop tops, laced together with a belt sitting on the midriff; ankle-grazing knit dresses with metallic details; and a standout look was the champagne knitted dress layered over a crisp white collarless shirt. If dresses and skirts aren’t your thing, there was a great pair of simple white palazzo pants emblazoned with ‘J.W. Anderson’, and worn with a low-cut tunic in cream. There were also leather culottes, as well as a series of diaphanous monotone jumpsuits in pastel shades and khaki. The kick-pleat was a recurring motif, showing up on cuffs and hems, often in a shiny leather trim. Stripes were the predominant print, while tribal details like thin leather belts and the summer booties lent it a slight hippy feel in places.There was a distinct mix-and-match feel to the collection – something that was emphasised by the many options available, whether you wanted something in a different colour way, fabric or sleeve length, as well as the prevalence of layering, which was the major styling detail. Basically, it’s our dream capsule wardrobe for summer. Can we have it all please?READ MORE: London Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROW© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Four years ago, Hannah Wieland and her label Shrimps burst onto the London Fashion Week scene with a line of pick’n’mix coloured faux fur coats. Fast forward and Shrimps is niche no more. With Alexa Chung and Kate Moss firm fans, Weiland found herself at a turning point: where’s next for a brand already so popular?Keeping her fun-fur coats at the centre of the collection, the Londoner coloured her iconic design in millennial pink and fluoro green for spring summer 2018. This luminous combination was thread through the collection only to be broken up by the odd head-to-toe silver ensemble and monochrome shirting that was decorated with hand-ink drawings.Romance is at the forefront of the young Londoner’s vocabulary as her collection was inspired by a recent trip to Italy where her fiancé Arthur Guinness proposed. Dresses, shirts and skirts were tethered by prints and embroidery inspired by her the sojourn.'The pink silk dresses were inspired by a trip to Venice when I got proposed to by my boyfriend, and so they make me very happy. They are inspired by Venice at sunset when it turns pink, and the lime green is inspired by the acidic colour of British gardens in the summertime, and all the tulips are out.’ Weiland told *The Debrief***.Long and sweeping aptly sums up the look. Sheer party dresses and summer dresses with face-shaped broderie Anglais cut-outs came with dropped waists, trousers drooped to the floor, cold-shoulder blouses fell to expose the upper arm instead, and coats pooled like a train onto the ground. Crystal broaches and chunky costume jewellery gems embellished day and evening wear in kind to truss together the collection where the beauty distinguished them.The more cerebral, pre-watershed pieces (of which there were few because all seemed apt for dancing the night away in) could be identified by the models who had dewy, glowy make-up. Those looks that were designated for late nights of debauchery were matched with models with lips slicked with glitter like they’d just spent the night smooching someone sequined.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Very.An edgy leather jacket is a staple fashion item that every girl should have hanging in her wardrobe. We teamed up with Very to create a interactive video that shows you what items pair well with a biker jacker, so that you can look on-trend all season long. You can thank us later!Watch the interactive fashion video below:Shop the entire V by Very collection here.READ MOREHow To Work A Leather Jacket Into Your AW17 WardrobeQuiz: Your Fashion Style, Based On Where You've Been On Holiday© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Hey, Upper East Siders…’ While Gossip Girl’s storylines became increasingly bat shit as the years went on (dead dads coming back to life? Tick. Blair and Dan getting together? Done. Hillary Duff cameo? Bring it!) the fashion got better from season to season. If you came of age in the early Noughties, you’ll probably count SATC’s Carrie Bradshaw and co as your premier on-screen fashion heroines; for those of us who hit our late teens further into the decade, Blair Waldorf, Serena van der Woodsen and their Met steps minions occupy that same position.Forget the ethically dubious love triangles and Machiavelli-level scheming of the actual plot: Manhattan’s richest teens had designer-laden wardrobes to match, and from 2007 until 2012 each episode provided a weekly 45-minute dose of all-American style inspiration. Even the cameos – Rachel Zoe, Alexa Chung, Karlie Kloss – were fashionable, and best frenemies Blair and Serena had such diametrically opposed signature looks that even if you hated the wardrobe of one, you’d probably fall for the other’s (or Georgina’s, or Lily’s…)To mark 10 years (yep, a full decade) since we first heard that opening voiceover, let’s take a look back at the GG fashion moments that found their way into our hearts and our wardrobes. You know you love it. XOXO…If the late Noughties had a sartorial status symbol, it was the Herve Leger bandage dress – and as the show’s designated ‘party girl,’ Serena van der Woodsen had a closet full of them, differentiated by their geometric colour-block patterns and impossible-to-tan cut-outs. Inspired, you fudged the pronunciation of ‘Herve’ and blew your weekly earnings on a lookalike from French Connection.Whether they were velvet, ribboned or painstakingly embellished, headbands (along with passive aggression and imperious side eye) were established as Blair’s ‘thing’ back in those first glorious episodes of Season One. If your friends haven’t tried to blackmail you with photographic evidence of the time you tied an industrial sized bow around your head in homage to la Waldorf, are they even your friends?The early seasons of Gossip Girl featured more guest appearances from colourful pairs of tights than The Saturdays’ debut album campaign did.  Lessons learned: trust fund kids don’t care about ladders, and black opaques are for the Jenny Humphreys of the world.Full disclosure: my first room in halls of residence had not one but two stills from Breakfast at Tiffany’s tacked on the wall, in order to best present myself as a Very Sophisticated Person. Blair’s Hepburn homage was nowhere near as basic, channelled instead through a wardrobe of coloured shifts and Sixties-style swing coats.In a show populated by improbably stylish people, Charles ‘Chuck’ Bass was Gossip Girl’s one true fashion hero. The Upper East Side’s sharpest dresser, Chuck/Ed Westwick was also probably the only ever man (real or fictional, living or dead) who could make a three piece pastel suit seem appealing. If Chuck has a sartorial heir, it’s probably Scott Disick – I don’t know if that should make me happy or very, very sad.Fact: Season Two’s opener ‘Summer, Kind Of Wonderful’ distilled everything that was great - and terrible- about Gossip Girl into a 42-minute episode. Its centrepiece? The ‘white party’ in the Hamptons, aka an opportunity for two of the show’s most enduring (and still covetable) outfits: Serena’s Grecian style maxi dress and Blair’s scalloped Marc by Marc Jacobs mini. Why were our sixth form years never so aesthetically pleasing?Such was the appeal of Gossip Girl and the talent of costume designer Eric Daman) that even the school uniforms could induce outfit envy – probably because they were anything but uniform. Each episode saw the Constance gang dressed in a different melange of classic New York labels like Marc by Marc Jacobs, DVF and Tory Burch. Blame them for your enduring obsession with blue and green plaid.Shout out to Serena’s mid-series boho phase, when the Upper East Side’s golden girl exclusively wore breezy print maxi dresses while gazing pensively into the middle distance. Should a GG reunion special ever happen, S would 100 percent be a Reformation girl.Black sunglasses, black biker, black lipstick and fishnets: welcome to Little J’s ‘alternative’ wardrobe or, as I prefer to call it, Taylor Swift’s ‘reputation’ Pinterest board. From these outfits, we were meant to believe that that a. Jenny was really, really misunderstood and, more improbably, that b. she actually had career prospects as a fashion designer. PunkyFish were calling, and they wanted their look back.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Flashback Friday To Girls' Aloud's Truly Terrible Early Noughties WardrobesFlashback Friday To Britney Spears Defining 2002 In CrossroadsFlashback Friday: Geri Halliwell’s Union Jack Dress And How Very Far We’ve Come From A Cool BritanniaFollow Katie on Instagram @katierosseinskyThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...An edgy leather jacket is a staple fashion item that every girl should have hanging in her wardrobe. We teamed up with Very to create an interactive video that shows you what items pair well with a biker jacker, so that you can look on-trend all season long. You can thank us later!Watch the interactive fashion video below:Shop the entire V by Very collection here.Like This? You Might Be Interested In:Dear Debrief...Where Can I Buy Clip-On Earrings If I'm Too Old For Claire's?16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear Them3 Ways To Wear A Leather Jacket That Will Have Heads TurningFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by CarnabyShopping enthusiasts, rejoice: there's a big four-day street party coming your way, and it's set to be full of free fashion and beauty events. No - seriously!Carnaby Fashion Festival, which celebrates London Fashion Week Festival, will take place across the 14 streets of Carnaby, and will feature free, exclusive fashion and beauty workshops, talks and giveaways.As a taster, some of the drop-in events include a masterclass with Benefit’s National Trend Team Sarah Sargent and Vittoria Bruna who will be sharing their top runway ready beauty looks, glitter roots and monogramming at the chic 1 Carnaby x Sweaty Betty store, free hair styling at True Religion, and exciting after parties at fashion brands such as Jack Wills, The Kooples and The Ragged Priest.Plus, if you're attending London Fashion Week Festival, you can hail a ride in the exclusive Carnaby taxi, which will be offering free shuttles between The Strand and Carnaby, so you won't miss out on any fun!Plus, there's plenty of chances to win prizes at the festival with a Snapchat quest, Carnaby lucky dip and through social media. For example, if you head to the Carnaby Airstream on Broadwick Street and snap a quick pic in the GIF booth whilst trying on the latest AW trends, you could be in with a chance to win vouchers to spend in your favourite Carnaby stores (think Lazy Oaf, M.A.C. And Monki). Ooh la la!How to attend:Date: Thursday 21st – Sunday 24th SeptemberLocation: Carnaby. The closest underground stations are Oxford Circus and Piccadilly CircusDon't forget to sign up to the Carnaby newsletter, follow them on Twitter and enter their exclusive Fashion Prize, where you'll get the chance to go on an epic shopping spree or enjoy a Cowshed facial plus dinner and drinks for you and a friend. #CarnabyFashFestREAD MORELondon Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWNew York Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWOur Style Editor's Lust List: 16 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, Pronto© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like the Queen, a fashion editor is rarely seen without a handbag by her side. It is her steadfast sartorial plus-one; her secret weapon for pulling an outfit together.For an editor, fashion week is a marathon, not a race. Though only a week long, it holds a punishing schedule of events with back-to-back appointments and seemingly no let-up until bedtime, which tends to come later than desired after showing ones face at either a dinner or a party. Amongst the glamour and swill of champagne and shows, a handbag becomes a secret weapon, a stabiliser of sorts. Hidden inside one will find the essentials for surviving this non-stop tournament of events.At New York Fashion Week Grazia’s editor opted for a mustard Mulberry bag called the Amberley Hobo that was capacious enough to hold all her essentials. With luggage weight to consider, the fact that this shoulder bag has a nifty detachable pocket that neatly becomes a cross-body bag means it can be recycled for different outfits at a moments notice. Hidden inside is a Smythson notebook for making show reports, a Celine purse, Emporio Armani’s Because It’s You perfumefor spritzing, a Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Kiss Cupuacu Lip Butter for instant hydration and a pair of rose gold mirrored shades.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Championed by the likes of Gwyneth Paltrow, Amal Clooney and - most famously - the Duchess of Cambridge, New Zealand-born Emilia Wickstead has transformed her eponymous label from a salon-style made-to-measure service operating out of her sitting room to a major player on the London Fashion Week schedule. An advocate of clean lines, timeless silhouettes and playful prints, she’s carved a niche as the capital’s go-to woman for elevated eveningwear and easy-to-wear separates.Ahead of her S/S’18 show, we caught up with the designer to learn more about the challenges of dressing some of the most photographed women in the world...I’m very, very visual, so I start with fabrics and with cuttings. We work on four collections a year, so I’ll start piles of inspirations for each. When it comes to sitting down and commencing the collection, the first thing I do is go through that big stack of print out, and then the ideas come to life. I always have my ‘woman’ in mind – that carries through every single season. It’s about that play between the traditional and the modern; there’s always a twist and an element of surprise.She’s the woman that walks into the room and, whether she knows it or not, she’s the most talked about person in the circle, and what she’s wearing excites the room. She’s similar to me, of course – I always think about my lifestyle when designing, so that’s being a mother, being a career woman, being a wife and being a woman who loves to entertain.Queen Rania of Jordan is a great example. It can go from someone like her to Amal Clooney to Diane Kruger to Alexa Chung to the Duchess of Cambridge. They’re all so different from each other, and wearing the clothes in different ways, but they’re all touching upon all those elements of ‘our’ woman. I would’ve loved to dress Diana Vreeland. I just loved her work as a creative woman and as a business woman – unpredictable, exciting, fun and very, very clever.Designing for Lady Charlotte Wellesley, who is now Charlotte Santo Domingo, on her wedding day was pretty momentous. Another one that was quite recent was Emma Watson for the Beauty and the Beast premiere; what she represents as a woman and what she stands for is so important. Her ethical fashion challenge was a great eye-opener. It actually prompted us to work more with ethical fabric mills than others we’ve worked with in the past.It adds pressure in the sense that you want to make sure it’s absolutely perfect, but that would be the same for anything I would do, whether it’s for someone in the public eye or if it’s for a client – or just a garment hanging in the store. It’s not just about designing a dress; it’s about thinking, “How is that dress going to be worn? How’s the fabric going to fall? How will it be photographed? Where is that person wearing it to?” When we do fittings straight after the show, we think about how a woman can be comfortable, and it’s the same thing for the red carpet – obviously it’s extremely exciting, because that’s where you can really show your true colours as a designer.What’s exciting for me is to make sure that people do still dress up – how do we do that in this fast-paced modern world, when we’re all on the move and all so busy? Ultimately I think there’s nothing more inspiring than looking back at how people would dress up and make an effort to travel or to go to an event. It’s important to make sure that I carry that through and stand for that as a designer.Normally what happens is that in the days before, I’ll suddenly want to change lots of things. There’s always that last minute rush of ideas that happens when the pressure hits you. My children are good at taking my mind off things – they’re always screaming and shouting and wanting your attention, so that always helps…It was definitely an obvious and immediate yes, something I felt quite eager to do. What’s special about the hotel is that during London Fashion Week, it really does house the fashion industry – there’s this excitement and buzz from having everyone come to stay here. Obviously it was important to show off our brand identity, and we did that in the way that we play with print, and in the way we used our colour, the dusty pink. I’m a very traditional, old school type of girl so I loved the selection process for the cocktails, choosing those tumblers or those champagne flutes. The windows definitely tie into our S/S’18 collection, without being too obvious…I started at 24 and now I’m 34; I spent the first five years working in the store every day. It’s only been in the last four that we’ve been showing during London Fashion Week. The heart and soul of the business is based in that idea of a bespoke brand, so there was always that very traditional, dressed up element. We still play on that in our Sloane Street store – we still have that offering of made to measure and bespoke, but what keeps growing and growing is separates. We introduced jeans last season, and this season we’ll push those boundaries and keep growing so that you can basically take your pick.What made the process easy was that we already had the clients who were automatically becoming our brides, so really I’ve been making wedding dresses for almost eight years. I wanted to be able to offer it to any bride – that they could have an Emilia Wickstead dress. The clean lines are there, it’s very architectural. I’d say I play on old world couture as opposed to modern day bridal; there’s something very timeless and appealing in that.It’s something that we’re always pushing, even just with ready-to-wear today. We’re always trying to make sure that there’s a starting price point at around the £250 or £300 mark – that might be an accessory, or a separate like a tee or a shirt. Making sure there’s something for everybody is really important to us, and we can definitely see that evolution from last season and in this coming season too.WATCH NOW: Amal Clooney's Best LooksEmilia Wickstead has collaborated with the May Fair Hotel, the official London Fashion Week hotel, to design a window display inspired by her latest collection, along with key cards and limited edition cocktails. Head to www.themayfairhotel.co.uk/lfw for more information.READ MORE: Are We Seeing Kate Middleton Style 2.0?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The best bloggers, fashion influencers and street style experts in the sartorial game have flocked to New York City for the first round of catwalk shows.And New Yorkers are renowned for setting the bar high for fellow capitals of fashion - London, Paris and Milan.This season is no exception. The street style set has successfully managed to steer the attention away from the shows for just a moment, as photographers snap their sartorial get-ups on the city’s pavements. Even the snow hasn’t kept them from achieving picture perfection...And we haven’t been able to keep our eyes off the streets as we seek to imitate their cracking wardrobes this season.To prove it, we round up the Instagrammable trends the street style set are rocking this fashion month so you can carefully curate your ever-growing shopping wish list.Instantly smarten up any outfit with a swish bit of tailoring by way of a blazer. Extra points if you sport a traffic stopping hue like this street styler.Move over berets there’s a new hat trend in town: the baker boy cap. Spotted on a never ending list of Instagram stars we suggest you invest in one pronto.Quite possibly the easiest print to wear this autumn, a monochrome polka dot dress is top of our wish list for autumn.See the world through rose tinted spectacles with a pair of coloured lense sunglasses. The 90s trend we never thought we’d see revived, we lost count of the style stars at NYFW that had a pair of these.Make dodging the rain a joyful experience by throwing a floral printed trench over any outfit.Forget millennial pink the fashion insiders are now all sporting orange. Take your cue from Eva Chen and wear head-to-toe for ultimate style kudos.Ever since Dior debuted kitten heels on the catwalk this marmite shoe has made a rather swift return, and for autumn we’re loving the backless mule style.If the thought of packing away your wicker basket until May scares the living daylights out of you, consider investing an autumn alternative in a weatherproof leather.For a seventies inspired and super snug piece of outerwear look no further than the shearling jacket.Make sure to keep an eye on the best street style looks as they drop:Proof that millennial pink is going nowhere fast. Commit to the trend wholeheartedly with a matching trench and earrings. new york street style sept 2017 2of19Proof that millennial pink is going nowhere fast. Commit to the trend wholeheartedly with a matching trench and earrings. For the ultimate seventies inspired look pair flares with a suede jacket and a baker boy hat. Brighten your day with a rainbow hued sequin jacket. Think of leopard print as a neutral an you'll be surprised how wearable it can be. Think red and pink can't be worn together? Think again. Make a sheer maxi daytime appropriate with ankle boots and a cross body. An outfit formula we want to steal immediately, especially those Dior slingbacks. Tick off three trends in one with a baker boy hat, slogan tee and luxe sweatpants. Brighten up a black outfit with a flash of rainbow and yellow boots. A fresh take on gingham in red with fringing. Dress down a lacy midi with a biker and ankle boots. Jazz up jeans with a mustard knit and a rainbow bucket bag. The easiest outfit formula ever = shirt dress + trainers. Style head-to-toe orange with a flash of yellow. For a AW17 update on the midi dress cinch in at the waist with a slogan belt. Take your cue from Pernille Teisbaek and pair a maxi with a wrap shirt dress. The coolest way to wear millennial pink? A trouser suit, of course. Jazzed up bumbags are the easiest way to upgrade an outfit. Caroline Issa makes a statement in co-ord tartan. WATCH: History of Fashion WeekREAD MORE: The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: New York Fashion Week Proves Political Dressing Is 'In'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For a long time, the internet was convinced that Australian-Sudanese model Nyadak ‘Duckie’ Thot wasn’t real. No, seriously, Twitter users were sure she was a Barbie doll. After all, this model, who shot to fame on Australia’s Next Top Model, has flawless skin and a perfectly symmetrical face. Not only is she a living, breathing fashion model, but she took NYFW by storm; she walked in the Fenty, Christian Cowan and Jeremy Scott shows and made her debut as Rihanna’s Fenty beauty collection’s muse.Still unsure about the bumbag’s revival? One look at New York’s catwalks and you’ll be convinced otherwise. While hip kids with a penchant for this hands-free accessory have been swinging theirs across their body for the last year, or so, the runways of Solace London, Zimmerman, Creatures of The Wind and Kate Spade made the case for wearing a sophisticated belt bag low-slung on the waist.Showing only one shoulder is the new cold shoulder. Get it right, and you’ll look like Bianca Jagger and Lauren Hutton on a night out. Get it wrong, and you’ll look like the wrong side of the eighties revival trend. Take your cues from Tome, Alexander Wang, Jonathan Simkai, Diane Von Furstenberg and Brock Collection.Kanye was a no-show at fashion week. Though the rapper has been poorly, show goers were still gunning for one of his stadium-scale Adidas-sponsored spectacles.Heeled flip flops, as seen at Rihanna’s Fenty show, are the natural evolution of the athleisure trend. Retire your flat thongs immediately!The group Animal Defenders International were out in force on the Saturday of New York Fashion Week. Stood outside the presentation for Olivia Palermo’s new collaboration with Banana Republic, the anti-fur protesters overshadowed the showcase, which took place outside the retailer’s Fifth Avenue store, right in plain view of the animal rights activists.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While many designers have been refashioning their catwalks into multi-sensory experiences with live bands and countless Instagram moments, Marc Jacobs did the opposite. At the designer’s SS18 show on Wednesday evening, the models walked out to the sound of silence, just the shuffle of feet and fabric could be heard. This resistance to the grandiose events that have laden New York Fashion Week was most present in the label’s new beauty standard.Eyes were the focus of Diane Kendal’s backstage make-up. Inspired by the varied line-up, which included Kaia Gerber, Bella Hadid, Winnie Harlow, Adwoa Aboah and Remington Williams, Kendal created six variations of winged liner. Some were thick and almost a homage to Amy Winehouse, others were thin and elongated like Cleopatras. She used Marc Jacobs Beauty Magic Marc'er Precision Pen to create the look. With the skin clean and luminous and the lips licked with just a little rose lip balm, the beauty look sent a clear message that there is no right or wrong way to flick your liner.Continuing this less is more aesthetic, Jin Soon Choi painted the model's nails to look grown-out. For anyone that’s left their Shellac on a week too long, you’ll recognise this look instantly. Starting their varnish half-way up the nail bed, it showed off the model’s cuticles. Lazy girls rejoice!The collection itself was a walkthrough of the biggest trends of the season. There were bumbags and party-ready sportswear, one-shoulder dresses and bright, lurid colours; it was like a checklist of springs style inclinations.Last season Jacobs’ show was marred by calls of cultural appropriation - in light of mainly white models wearing fake dreadlocks and the designer responding saying he, ‘does not see colour’. Though this season Jacobs seemed to learn his lesson – he cast a diverse set of models and roamed the globe for inspiration, stopping at Indonesia for Batik prints, Italy for Pucci like swirls and Japan for florals. However, there is still a question mark lingering over his use of headdresses.  Hopefully, the turban wrapped manes were a homage rather than an insensitive appropriation of the world’s varied cultures.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As any fashion commentator will tell you, each season ‘belongs’ to a certain model. In recent years, Gigi and Bella Hadid have taken it in turns to reign on the runway, taking on the prestigious opening and closing slots for numerous high profile designers, while before them, it was their friend Kendall Jenner. Cast your mind back further and it was Cara Delevingne, who walked in over 50 shows for spring/summer 2013. Now, Kaia Gerber is making her mark.Kaia – the 16-year-old daughter and mini-me of supermodel Cindy Crawford – made her catwalk debut earlier this week at the Calvin Klein spring/summer 2018 show in New York. Since then, she’s walked for Coach, Fenty x Puma, Marc Jacobs and Alexander Wang, opening the latter. If her omnipresence in the American fashion capital is anything to go by, we can expect to be seeing a lot more of the model-in-the-making for the rest of the month.WATCH: 10 Times Cara Delevingne Slayed The Fashion GameTraditionally, New York has been the easiest place for celebrity offspring / reality TV stars / Instagram models – à la the Hadids, Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin - to get their big break. It is perhaps hard to believe now, but Kendall’s career as a model was far from a given as little as 3 years ago. When she was chosen to walk in Marc Jacobs show in a sheer top with a short bob haircut, it was considered a major coup for the 18-year-old. At the time, she had only done a little commercial modelling and was still very much tarred with the cheesy reality TV star brush. After being cast in the show, she went on to walk for a long list of designers in every city, cementing her status as fashion’s new ‘It’ girl in the space of four weeks.It’s almost certain that Kaia will follow the same trajectory. The fact that she isn’t a household name also gives her a distinct advantage over her already-famous predecessors. There were plenty of naysayers accusing Kendall of not being ‘high fashion’ enough or Gigi of being ‘too curvy’ (we know, ridiculous on both counts) and that they were getting an easier ride because of their name. Kaia’s probably not going to suffer the same fate – she was literally born to do this – as evidenced by her killer genes. A dead ringer for Ali MacGraw in Love Story, she’s a natural beauty like her mum, with doe eyes, bold brows and classic bone structure. In fact, she’s refreshingly different to the slew of Instagram models out there today.While it took the likes of Kendall and the Hadids a little longer to crack London Fashion Week, they all walked for some of the biggest fashion houses in Milan and Paris during their first major runway seasons – so we’ll give Kaia a break if she’s not on any catwalks this weekend for LFW. That said – we’re definitely looking out for her – and if anyone can do it, it’s the daughter of Cindy Crawford. Watch this space.READ MORE: Kaia Gerber Lands Her First Solo Magazine CoverREAD MORE: Cindy Crawford's Mini-Me Kaia Gerber Makes Her Catwalk Debut In New York© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You can’t reinvent the wheel, but you can redesign it. Or, so we thought. A certain deliciously snarky set of Instagrammers have been holding New York Fashion Week’s designers accountable for their rampant copy-cat behaviour.Giving credit where credit is due, the account @diet_prada, the hashtag #whodiditfirst and a host of like-minded followers have been creating side-by-side examples of designers unapologetically borrowing ideas, shapes, colours and even concepts from their colleagues.Though fashion is generally limited to a handful of shapes - tops, jackets, trousers, skirts and dresses - we expect designers not to stoop to ripping people off. Nay that is the job of the high street. However, we know all too well this isn’t the case. Though designers are called creatives and live in the pursuit of art, sometimes they or members of their design teams don’t live up to this ideal.The first thing you learn at university, scratch that school, is that plagiarising is frowned upon. So, what makes these designers think they can do it on a world stage and get away with it? Get your claws out, because we’re about to get catty…While Bonnie Cashin’s status as a pioneer of American fashion may have been forgotten by many, that’s not the case for Calvin Klein’s designer Raf Simons. "I kNoW sHaYnE mAy CoMe oFf QuIeT...mAy CoMe oF sHyYyyY". @shaynehba brings an overt sexuality to @helmutlang ...once known for its SuBtLe SexUaLiTy #helmutlang #helmutwang #shayneoliver #hba #riphba #sexy #SeXy #subtle #notsubtle #strapon #oring #bondage #harness #leather #britney #britneyspears #imaslave4u #runway #streetwear #designer #model #wiwt #ootd #dietprada #underwearasouterwear #hypebeast #hypeA post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Sep 12, 2017 at 5:53pm PDTDo you think they had ‘Dirrty’ pumping out over the studio’s speakers while Shayne Oliver designed Helmut Lang’s spring summer 18 collection? OH THANK GOD @matthewadamsdolan is here to save NYFW. With old @vetements_official looks. 🙄. #nyfw #ss18 #nyfwss18 #matthewadamsdolan #vetements #styling #suit #awkward #longsleeve #shoppingwithdrseuss #90s #clueless #zzz #knockoff #vibes #runway #model #fashionweek #fashionweak #ootd #wiwt #dietpradaA post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Sep 9, 2017 at 7:20am PDTThough Matthew Adams Dolan’s school of oversized tailoring may have won winning reviews, it looked an awful lot like the abbreviated skirt and gigantic shirting of Vestments. @cinqasept #SS18 brings to life the Romance of Discovery... the romance of discovering @dior, maybe? #dior #cinqasept #ss18 #nyfw #nyfwss18 #mariagraziachiuri #parisfashion #fashionweek #fashionweak #knockoff #copy #sheerdress #casual #jacket #tulleskirt #ootd #model #cool #girl #wiwt #dietpradaA post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Sep 7, 2017 at 3:08pm PDTCinq à Sept’s Instagram bio reads: ’The Romance of Discovery’, but it appears all they’ve discovered are the Dior archives. If it was just the tiered tulle skirt that would be one thing, but the addition of the feminine-fit blazer and slogan top is unmistakable. Hey @rosettagetty... sorry ur audience isn't aware of @rafsimons, but ours is... thanks to @rusneja, @carminriviera and other followers for their good eye! bonus iconic @viviennewestwood too! BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE! Order now and get @marni SS17 bonus absolutely free! #rafsimons #mapplethorpe #ss18 #nyfw #nyfwss18 #rosettagetty #viviennewestwood #titsshirt #famous #instafamous #punk #iconic #design #photographer #collage #buttondown #knockoff #prada #ss09 #blackribbon #proenza #ribbontrend #copy #ootd #wiwt #streetwear #dietpradaA post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Sep 7, 2017 at 1:59pm PDTRosetta Getty tapped the annals of menswear to find an obscure inspiration for this oversized shirt printed with nude photography. "Sorry I couldn't make the afterparty, I couldn't read the poor feathercraft you call an invite" Who made these headpieces for @alexanderwangny? Cuz it sure doesn't look like @philiptreacy.... EDIT: headpieces by Stephen Jones('s interns?) #WANGOVER #fashionweek #nyfw #alexanderwang #philiptreacy #blow #isabellablow #britney #milliner #couture #knockoff #goosebiots #biot #feathers #featherheaddress #cocktailhat #wanggang #ootd #wiwt #dietpradaA post shared by  Diet Prada ™ (@diet_prada) on Sep 10, 2017 at 5:36am PDTFeather-craft headwear may have amused Alexander Wang’s crowds, but those in the know understood the milliner Stephen Jones’ nod to Philip Treacy.This is proof that even at his graduate showcase Christopher Kane was considered a visionary. Though he referenced Versace and Alaïa, he never nicked their ideas wholesale. Fenty however…Liked this? You might also be interested in:5 Of The Most Ludicrous Things That Happened At NYFW3 Things To Know About Rihanna’s SS18 Fenty ShowJeremy Scott’s 20th Anniversary Show Featured A Cast Of Familiar FacesFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As New York Fashion Week draws to a close, we've analysed every catwalk so far and narrowed down the stateside spring/summer 2018 offering to the following...Hemlines first started zig-zagging in spring/summer 2017 and if the New York shows are anything to go by, the reign of the hanky skirt isn’t over yet. The Nineties staple was seen at 3.1 Phillip Lim, where it was rendered less Ibiza hippie and more Uptown cool in white embroidered cotton, graphic stripes and navy pinstripes on mid-length skirts paired with matching tops and floaty spaghetti strap dresses. At Diane von Furstenberg, Jonathan Saunders took a decidedly more glamorous route, supercharging her ‘70s-inspired show with floor-grazing hanky skirts in vibrant prints. As if uneven skirts weren’t enough, designers were also going one-sleeved, with asymmetric looks at Carolina Herrera, Alexander Wang and Christian Siriano.The era of the It bag might never be over (Gucci is the most popular brand amongst millennials, after all), but the cult of the unique, Instagrammable bag is definitely riding high, too. Case in point were the bags at Shayne Oliver’s debut for Helmut Lang, which were weird and wonderful and sure to be a hit with the street style set; there was the rolled-up newspaper tote, the bra clutch (each cup was a zipped compartment) and the Perspex briefcase. Elsewhere, Creatures of the Wind had clutches that were attached to the wrist with intricate lacing details, while Philipp Plein’s diamante-embellished teddy bear rucksacks had an S&M twist in black leather.We’re calling it now: purple is the ‘It’ colour of spring/summer 2018. Standout dresses at Rosie Assoulin, Tibi, Zadig and Voltaire and Victoria Beckham were in lilac, lavender, violet and periwinkle respectively, while Anna Sui’s hippie-infused collection featured it in every possible shade, from indigo to berry. The prominence of the so-called royal hue seems particularly timely, following the announcement of Kate Middleton’s third pregnancy and renewed royal baby fever last week.When Rihanna calls a trend, people listen. Earlier this week, the Fenty designer sent models down her runway wearing the latest Marmite shoe, the heeled flip-flop. (Two questions sprang to mind: Why would you need to look taller in flip-flops? Why would you want your heels to be made from rubber? But who are we to judge Ri-Ri?) And she wasn’t alone in this sportswear-turned-clubwear aesthetic. Alexander Wang, the undisputed father of the look, sent Kaia Gerber et al onto the catwalk in leather leggings, diamante sports bras and zip-up jackets with extra sleeves tied at the waist, and at Monse, there were cheerleader skirts, heeled basketball boots and sports jerseys as going-out tops.Belts were a major styling tool at this New York Fashion Week, with the waist being tantamount to a pulled-together look. At 3.1 Phillip Lim, they were overlong and used to nip-in blazers and skirts, at Diane Von Furstenberg, they were tribal accessories accentuating the Seventies aesthetic, while at Tibi there were Perspex and came in both skinny and corset styles.READ MORE: A Bath Robe Was Shown At NYFW, And We’re Living For ItREAD MORE: Gloria Steinem Made Her New York Fashion Week Debut For Prabal GurungREAD MORE: 4 Looks That Defined The Diane Von Furstenberg Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you have Afro or curly hair and have always found caps a problem: pay attention to Beyoncé’s new Ivy Park range, which includes a piece just for you.Ivy Park have created a new backless cap, currently only in a ‘chilli red’ velvet colourway, which leaves plenty of room for your ponytail and curls. It stays in place with a black strap across the back and means you’ll no longer have to try and fit all your hair through those tiny holes in the back of normal baseball caps, hopefully alleviating all your ‘hat hair’ woes.It’s retailing at a very reasonable £20 from Topshop but isn’t available to buy just yet (obviously a clever tactic to increase the hype, and it’s working).You can sign up to be notified by email when it’s in stock online, and you might want to add your name to the list immediately or you could miss out.The internet is going mad for it - there’s been hundreds of Tweets - and it’s obviously going to be an instant sell out:People are already begging for more colours:And some aren’t too sure about it, but still going to nab one anyway:Clearly Bey thinks of everything.Images courtesy of Ivy Park/TopshopLiked this? You might also like:Beyonce's Birthday, AKA An Annual Reminder That Bey's Famous Friends Really, Really Like Her Did You Know Beyonce And Kendall Share A Stylist?3 Things To Know About Rihanna's SS18 Fenty ShowFollow Frankie on Twitter @wildissshThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While Hurricane Irma ripped through Florida and Trump continued to deny the existence of climate change, New York Fashion Week took place. Ludicrous, right? But, really this is nothing new, for this is the time of year when a handful of designers show breathtaking collections while hundreds of hangers-on act important. Between the people attending just to pose for street style photographers and the collections that are neither wearable or covetable, maybe I’ve missed the point. Seriously, a heck of a lot of what goes on at fashion week is just plain ridiculous. With the exception of a few editors, designers and catwalk producers working all-hours of the day to keep the fashion fantasy alive, there’s an awful lot of BS (see: the crowd outside Helmut Lang’s SS18 show that descended into a full-blown fight). Here are five things at New York Fashion Week that left me scratching my head…No, your eyes are not deceiving you, that is a twinkling labia staring back at you. For spring, Namila put the pussy on parade with their high flash-ion collection of pearl-embellished nipple tassels and silken vagina appliqué.I am all for spending Sundays nursing a hangover and binge-watching The Big Bang Theory. Though the more I watch, the less I am convinced I want to dress like any of the characters. Not even Penny. Raf Simons who helms Calvin Klein apparently thinks differently. Apparently, Howard Wolowitz is Raf and model Kaia Gerber’s kind of man.Without a doubt, the main attraction at Laurence & Chico’s SS18 presentation wasn’t the clothes. Though they were bold and flamboyant, it was hard to see past (or should that be below) the towering wigs. According to this brand, sugar plum afros and soaring beehives are all the rage for spring.Bras can be divisive, but the argument is usually about whether you wear one or not. Not, about what size you wear. As seen at Helmut Lang, where Hood By Air’s designer Shayne Oliver is now flexing his creative muscles, bras became a malleable vehicle for expression, not purpose. The collection veered between bras so itty bitty they could barely cover a single titty to so humongous they became puzzling pointless.For the fifth time (!) Anthony Rubio debuted a Canine Couture Collection. As you’d expect this meant dogs in dresses, but what you wouldn’t guess is that the show was opened by Mariah Carey’s ex-husband, Nick Cannon, and some of the dogs earned up to $1,300 for their time.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget the iPhone X for a moment: post-Apple reveal, the one thing that the Internet is genuinely coveting is retail chief Angela Ahrendts’ blush trench coat.Silicon Valley is hardly known for being a hotbed of sartorial trailblazers (think along the lines of Mark Zuckerberg’s pool slides and grey tees, or Steve Jobs’ famous roll necks), which is perhaps why Twitter users were so pleasantly surprised by the Senior Vice President of Retail’s conference style: as one put it, ‘Angela’s [fire emoji] trench is the best reveal so far.’Of course, it’s a depressing truth that fashion statements from high profile women are often granted more headlines than the substance of their proposals or arguments (something which happens to men in only the rarest of instances). It’s perhaps also heartening, though, to see that a talented businesswoman like Ahrendts hasn’t felt the need to compromise her personal style when working in a male-dominated sphere like tech – especially in the context of a recent anecdote from Silicon Valley CEO Eileen Carey, who revealed that she dyed her naturally blonde hair brown and gave up contact lenses to be ‘taken seriously’ by male investors.The lace applique style in question costs $2,895 (that’s £1,995) and is the work of classic Brit label Burberry. Ahrendts is certainly no stranger to the heritage brand and their endlessly desirable trenches, having served as the company’s chief executive from 2006 until 2013. Working alongside Christopher Bailey, she was widely crediting as having transformed Burberry into the international super-brand of today. Her mantra at the time? ‘Everyone in the world should have a trench coat, and there should be a trench coat for everyone in the world.’ Prior to her role at Burberry, Ahrendts worked widely in the fashion industry, with positions at the likes of Donna Karan and Gossip Girl favourite Henri Bendel.WATCH NOW: 11 Inspiring Career QuotesNew data from global fashion search platform Lyst.com revealed that it was Angela’s trench – and not the runways of New York – that was playing on shoppers’ minds last night: in the two hours following her speech, global searches for ‘lace trench coat,’ ‘pink trench coat’ and ‘pink lace trench coat’ spiked by a massive 830 percent altogether, while the exact match coat was viewed once every 12 seconds on Lyst.It’s important to note, though, that Ahrendts was the only woman given airtime at the Apple conference. In turn, this was the first of these events at which Ahrendts was given a platform, despite having being on the board since 2014. Clearly Apple – and the tech industry at large – has a long way to go when it comes to diversity.READ MORE: New Emojis Will Feature A Woman In A Headscarf And A Woman BreastfeedingREAD MORE: Iris Law Is The New Face Of Burberry Beauty© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve all experienced that moment of pure unadulterated joy when slipping on a fluffy hotel bath robe. It’s the soft, cosy feeling of luxury. And though we may have even been tempted to wander down to the breakfast buffet in it, how many can say they’ve attended a fashion show dressed in one?The desire to spend all day lazing in bed is something that we all struggle with. And, while pyjamas as day, and even evening, apparel is nothing new, designers Vaquera moved loungewear into uncharted territory at their spring summer 2018 New York Fashion Week show.Though supermarkets regularly get riled at the sight of a customer dressed in a microfiber grown, the avant-garde Brooklyn label solidified the robe’s high fashion status. Tradition states that the final look at couture shows is an exquisite white bridal gown. In keeping with convention to some degree, Vaquera’s oversized bath robe, which closed their show, took on the silhouette of a bridal ball gown. Recalling the Duchess of Cambridge’s famous wedding dress, Vaquera’s robe dress has a full skirt that trailed to the floor and a neckline that delicately graced the model’s décolletage.Though loungewear isn’t anything new - Marlene Dietrich made the case for pyjamas outside the confines of the bedroom back in the 1930s, and Hugh Hefner has always favoured a dressing gown - Vaquera’s bath robe takes the biscuit. This is the living, breathing incarnate of the I-Woke-Up-Like-This meme.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Supermarket fashion labels are the opposite of logomania. If thebrash designer logo’s main purpose is to signify to the world ‘I spent X on this' or ‘I align myself with the values of Y brand,’ then supermarket clothes have been worn with a more covert attitude (‘This?’ – drops voice to a conspiratorial whisper – ‘It’s George at Asda!’ would be a typical reveal). Shopping supermarket collections is a guilty pleasure – like sneaking a chocolate bar into your basket at the checkout.But whatever your attitude, there’s no denying that supermarket fashion lines – as well as George there’s Sainsbury’s Tu, Tesco’s Florence & Fred, Morrison’s Nutmeg – are big business. A prominent driving force in the UK’s value clothing market (which is worth a whopping £10 billion, or nearly a quarter of the total UK clothing market), supermarket fashion lines account for 10% of all clothes and footwear bought in the UK. These are billion-pound empires built on £20 jeans and £4 tees.Jacket, £35, Tu at Sainsbury's A/W '17 collectionThis month, German supermarket Lidl is joining the party with its Esmara by Heidi Klum collection. An 18-piece capsule of ‘stylish wardrobe staples’ including trenches, shift dresses and hoodies, it ranges from £4.99 for a cami to £49.99 for a suede biker jacket andwill be available in 670 stores in the UK, as well as a further 10,000 stores in 28 countries worldwide. On top of Klum’s star appeal, it’s coming complete with a New York Fashion Week launch and a Rankin-shot campaign. Lidl are obviously backing this big time.But would you really shop your new season wardrobe in the supermarket? Would you pick up a frock with your frozen peas? Many do – and many love it. A/W ’17’s heritage checks trend is getting air-time on the shop floors at the moment, as are boho-style dresses. One fashion editor informs us that they’re also a great source for workout and leisurewear – not to mention a no-brainer for childrenswear.The snobbery that once dismissed supermarket lines is old-fashioned. While they don’t bear comparison to shopping designer collections at high-end boutiques – this is no luxury experience – these value pieces have instant pick-me-up appeal. And their affordability (with pieces retailing at less than the cost of a bottle of wine) plus wide range of sizes, gives us fashion at its most democratic and attainable – not to mention the height of convenience.Shop our supermarket sweep below:Blazer, £16.99, Esmara by Heidi Klum at LidlSupermarket sweep2of10Blazer, £16.99, Esmara by Heidi Klum at LidlBag, £19.99, Esmara by Heidi Klum at LidlSneakers, £12.50, George at AsdaCoat, £30, George at AsdaJumper, £18, George at AsdaDress, £25, Florence & Fred at TescoTop, £14, Nutmeg at MorrisonsCulottes, £14, George at AsdaBlouse, £28, Tu at Sainsbury's PremiumShoes, £20, Florence & Fred at TescoREAD MOREJohn Lewis Teams Up With Eudon Choi For New Modern Rarity CollectionKate Moss Is Opening Poland’s Answer To Zara On Oxford Street TodayLondon Fashion Week: The Only Cheat Sheet You'll Ever Need© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It may be deemed as outerwear, but the leather jacket is as much a fashion accessory as it is a staple. Fashion brand Very challenged The Debrief's writer Daisy Keens to create three fresh, high-impact looks with a leather jacket that will have heads turning. And of course, she nailed the challenge - see her style recommendations below. Plus, don't forget to watch our interative video to shop the key items you need to wear with a leather jacket, below...**Shop the entire V by Very collection here.Like this? You may be interested in:Dear Debrief...Where Can I Buy Clip-On Earrings If I'm Too Old For Claire's?16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemHave You Noticed That We've All Stopped Wearing Black?Follow Arianna on Twitter: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...New York Fashion Week is as much about what people see at the shows as what they wear to them. Courtesy of the sea of street style photographers that lurk, like paparazzi, at the doors to the venues we can now get a good, long, zoomed-in look at those paid to be stylish. Obviously, those who spend their days fawning over clothing, shoes and accessories know what’s in and what’s out. And, without a shadow of a doubt, they have declared the cult American concept store Opening Ceremony well and truly in.It’s no wonder really as OC has an edit of international independent designers and high-end labels that are drool-worthy. Take accessories maven Susan Alexandra for instance whose line of beaded accessories has already been spotted on some of the most followed fashion-insider on Instagram. And, the same goes for Takesh Eyewear’s heart-shaped specs, which ensure you’ll always love what you see.Though Opening Ceremony no longer exists in London, we can still buy the very best of it online. Yay! So, act fast before their silken collaboration with Vans sells out and before their quilted tote bag that has a secretly bright interior becomes over saturated ‘gram fodder. Get in there now and discover where New York’s fashion elite stock up on accessories worthy of the catwalks…Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Things To Ask Your Mum To Buy You From M&S Next Time You Go Home16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemIf You Love Ganni, You’ll Love These 11 Pieces From GestuzFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s been a big week for Rihanna and her Fenty line. Days after singer wowed with her inclusive debut beauty range that features 40 different foundation shades, she made her mark at New York Fashion Week. As this is Badgalriri we’re talking about, this wasn’t your bog-standard runway show with models twirling photographers and everyone politely clapping at the end. This was the X Games of fashion, the Olympics of catwalks.  It was a spectacle that showed off Rihanna's personality. If there were only three things worth knowing about this show, it would be…Taking full advantage of the high ceilings of Park Avenue Armory, Rihanna outfitted the show space with two full-size ramps from which her moto-cross team flung themselves off of. These weren’t dainty, photo-ready jumps, these were edge-of-your-seat stunts. Rihanna, who rode into the show on the back of a bike, showed she wasn't afraid of getting in on the sporting action. The collection was littered with electrifying references to the daredevil sport, like the typeface graphics that were emblazoned on sleeves, jackets and tops, to the bike shorts and industrial-standard zips.Between the use of safety buckles, exposed neon zips and lingerie-lite bodycon, this collection reeked of Christopher Kane’s graduate collection. Don’t believe us? Click here.If you think Rihanna’s Fenty Creepers were fly just you wait until you see what she has in-store for spring. Between the thigh-high slouch boots and the perspex wedge mules, there were heeled flip-flops and tangerine-coloured, silky creepers to covert. Accessories were one of the collection’s highlight moments with rectangular heeled ankle boots leading the way, closely followed by duffle bags and ying-yang hoop earrings so large they could act like a wind turbine.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Very.The classic leather jacket has become a fashion staple that can transcend almost any type of occasion. Grazia's Style Editor Polly Knight was challenged by Very to show you how to remix it into your AW17 wardrobes to create several on-trend looks, below. Plus, don't forget to watch our interative video to shop the key items you need to wear with a leather jacket...Leather biker jacket, High-waisted trousers, Stripe jumper, Shoes, all from Very.This double-duty cover up is just as safe for work as it is for the bar. Wear it with tailored trousers and figure-hugging knits to boss the work day, and maybe even bag that promotion you've been working towards.And remember, any knitwear with frilly, flowing sleeves will pair perfectly with a biker jacket. Simply leave the end of the sleeves out of the blazer, just like our model has done, for a look that screams attitude.Leather biker jacket, Jeans, Spotty blouse, all from Very.Let's face it: the classic black leather jacket has, and always will be, effortlessly cool. And with its help, it's oh-so-easy to amp up any off-duty outfit. While a simple patterned shirt and denim jeans might not be the first items of clothing that spring to mind when you think 'fashion-forward, cool girl style', when paired with a leather jacket, this outfit will take on a whole new persona.Leather biker jacket, Maxi dress, Chelsea bootWant to be a biker chick, but lack the attitude? Toughen up a pretty outfit by throwing a leather jacket over a bohemian-inspired dress (the more prints and patterns, the better). Finish the look off with some dainty earrings and patent boots, and you'll be ready to go.Missed the video of Polly unboxing her leather jacket? Watch it below!Shop the entire V by Very collection here.READ MOREQuiz: Your Fashion Style, Based On Where You've Been On Holiday5 Instagram-Approved Ways To Wear A Silk ScarfCoats That Will Actually Make You Look Forward To Winter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jeremy Scott may fetishize the objects of youth, like Barbie dolls and Spongebob Square Pants, but his eponymous label has just celebrated its 20th birthday. When Scott, who also leads the design team at Moschino, first got into the business of fashion it was through luck, gumption and good timing. But, his staying power and host of famous fans shows his popularity is much more than being in the right place at the right time.This evening at New York Fashion Week, Scott called on old friends and keen fans Devon Aoki, Gigi Hadid, Coco Rocha, Jourdan Dunn, Sofia Richie and Liberty Ross to celebrate his work anniversary. With an upcoming retrospective already planned at Dallas’ Contemporary Museum, this show was just another opportunity for Scott to prove his power player status at New York Fashion Week.Littered with crystal covered leather jackets and slinky metallic crop tops, Scott’s Spring Summer 18 collection was an ode to club kids everywhere. The show, which moved through one-piece swimwear, to micro dresses, to oversized, to layering pieces and Coyote Ugly-worthy snakeskin trousers, was tied together by camouflage and multi-coloured exotic skin and zany illustrations. Looking like the back catalogue of a raver’s wardrobe, Punky Fish-lite fishnet sleeves were layered under strappy crop tops, while abbreviated handkerchief skirts were worn with Dr Martins esque footwear.A moment of lightness came from a handful of looks tailored out of featherweight tulle. Though one model walked out in a head-to-toe lurid hoodie with matching cargo pants and pleated boa all made from tulle, the vast proportion of this fabrication was dedicated to a new dawn of naked dresses. Models bared it all in black tulle slips that came with oversized bibs of jewellery that carried stones the size of a fist and glinted in the cameras eye.If Scott’s collection is any indication, expect next Spring to be the second wave of New Rave, but this time with less neon and more sequins.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The relationship between fashion and cycling has always been an uncertain one. On the one hand, we're used to seeing beautiful photographs of glamorous women on their bikes (think Audrey Hepburn in Roman Holiday) in countless editorials, but on the other, it conjures up images of skin-tight lycra, clunky cleats and helmet-hair. Until now that is.WATCH: 10 Times Cara Delevingne Slayed The Fashion GameFendi has launched what must be the chicest bike ever to celebrate the launch of their F is Fendi pop-up shop at Harrods. The bright red bicycles, which feature a back basket emblazoned with 'Fendi' and a 'F' spoked wheel, will sit in the window of Harrods throughout September, and sadly aren't available to buy (yet).What you can get your hands on however is the brand's new 'Triplette' bag, which comprises three mix-and-match mini clutches held together by an 'F' keyring. So whether you want to stick to a simple colour palette or mix it up with exotic prints, there's something entirely individual to you.Of course, it's unsurprising that the Karl Lagerfeld-helmed house has created one of the must-have accessories of the season. This is the man that brought us the Fendi monster bag charms, pom-pom shoes and the Peekaboo bag.Join us signing a petition to get these bikes into production, ASAP...READ MORE: New York Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWREAD MORE: Gloria Steinem Made Her New York Fashion Week Debut For Prabal Gurung© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...stenberg has taken a backseat at her namesake label and Scottish-designer Jonathan Saunders has graduated to Chief Creative Officer; the quintessentially American brand has had a stealth makeover.Saunders pays dues to the label’s iconic wrap dresses and 1970s school of glamour, but his imprint is undeniably pushing the brand in a new direction. And, this was never more apparent than at the Spring Summer 2017 show in New York this week.Rather than banking on nostalgia, Saunders uses a currency of every-day luxury to push DVF’s envelope. For instance, separates in rich jewel tones and flamboyant that carry a wanderlust sensibility add a lushness to the asymmetric dresses that flounced down the runway. There were textiles that looked like they’d fallen out of Penny Lane’s trousseau.Vintage-lovers will lap up the lashings of references to Barbara Hulanicki’s Biba.Print and colour clashing comes naturally to Saunders, and this was evident in the confidence of this collection. Audacious combinations seemed like they could walk off the runway and into a real life setting when paired with the chunky sandals and slicked back hair his models walked out with.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gloria Steinem made her New York Fashion Week debut this week, sitting front row at Prabal Gurung's politically-charged show on Sunday.The iconic activist and journalist, who is often credited as being the leader of the American feminist movement, was the guest of honour at Gurung's spring/summer 2018 collection, having inspired him the previous season. For autumn/winter 2017, he sent his models down the runway wearing tees and jumpers emblazoned with feminist quotes, citing Steinem as his muse.WATCH: Kate Moss: Fashion Through The AgesJoining her on the FROW were Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's right-hand woman and the ex-wife of Anthony Weiner, Black Lives Matter activist DeRay McKesson and poet Cleo Wade. Rounding off the right-on aesthetic of the show were a diverse roll-call of models, including plus size star Ashley Graham, trans Andrea Pejic and of course, the Hadids. Gurung himself came out at the end wearing a T-shirt that said 'Resist With Love', while guests left with ones that said 'I Am Michelle'.The collection itself riffed on old signatures; cut-outs, ruffles and a bold colour palette of turquoise, yellow and indigo. Our favourite pieces were probably the safest bets - the hippie-ish floral print dresses with thigh-high split that closed the show.READ MORE: New York Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWREAD MORE: Victoria Beckham Likes Mom Jeans And Other Things We Learnt At Her NYFW Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's official - New York Fashion Week has commenced, kicking off fashion month for SS18 with shows from some of the biggest names in style, from Marc Jacobs and Victoria Beckham to Alexander Wang and Jason Wu.Cue the stylishly nonchalant street style snaps, celebrity-sandwiched front rows and of course, the champagne-laden after-parties. And let's get real: it's not merely the catwalk shows we have our eyes fixated upon. Come NYFW, you'll find us daydreaming over who'll be sitting pretty on the front row (and we're just as interested in who'll be wearing what to the merry-go-round of post-show parties...)As the first leg of the fashion month starts in earnest, you'll find us rounding up the biggest talking points from the front row below...WATCH NOW: 10 Times Cara Delevingne Slayed The Fashion GameBrand Beckham was out in force for Victoria Beckham's SS18 show, with David and recent New York convert Brooklyn (who's recently moved Stateside to study photography at Parsons School of Design) sitting front row along with the new editor of British Vogue, Edward Enninful. While daughter Harper didn't attend, she did inspire the 'Harper' slipper in various glittering shades.Last season at Prabal Gurung saw models walk the runway in tees bearing slogans like 'The Future is Female,' 'Voices for Choices,' 'I'm a Michelle' (as in Obama) and 'I'm a Gloria (as in Steinhem). The latter feminist icon returned the favour for SS18, sitting front row at Gurung's show in her first NYFW appearance. Steinhem was joined by Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin and social media artist and activist Cleo Wade.Just as dreamy as the designs on show at Jason Wu were the floral displays that decked out his Brooklyn show venue. The designer attracted a cool girl crowd featuring the likes of Kate Bosworth, Caroline de Maigret, Instagram's Eva Chen, Man Repeller's Leandra Medine and Rouje designer Jeanne Dumas.He's well known for his endless squad of celebrity pals, so it wasn't surprising to see some of them turn out for the 20th anniversary show of Jeremy Scott's eponymous brand. Top marks for a gloriously OTT guest list which included Paris and Nicky Hilton and actual Lionel Ritchie (who turned out to watch daughter Sofia take to the runway)There are guest list coups, and then there's getting a Disney character to rock up to your catwalk show. For Monse, the fashion insider-favoured label from Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia (who are also currently in the design top spot at Valentino) it was a case of the latter: the mouse posed up a storm in a custom Monse look with fellow guests like Nicki Minaj, Jaime King, Harley Viera Newton, Sofia Ritchie and the Hilton sisters (again).Does anyone wear bold yellow better than Rihanna? We think not. At the New York launch of her much-anticipated Fenty Beauty line, the singer's striking jersey top and maxi skirt combo (complete with earrings and eye make-up in a similar sunshine hue) couldn't help but recall her dramatic Guo Pei Met Gala gown...Lupita Nyong'o lit up the front row at Calvin Klein in a strikingly simple ensemble, pairing a white halter top with classic jeans and statement accessories. The actress was snapped chatting with Jake Gyllenhaal and Vogue editor Anna Wintour.Nobody does a front row line-up like Tom Ford. The designer slash director slash all-round Renaissance man had Cindy Crawford, Julianne Moore and Kim Kardashian West in his best seats on Wednesday night, joined by the likes of Karlie Kloss, Helena Christensen and Chaka Khan. Speaking of Kim...We've come to expect a dramatic hair transformation from KKW come fashion week: remember the much-memed platinum shade she adopted a few years back? This time around, the social media megastar turned beauty empresario dyed her hair an Instagram-friendly silver-blonde: very Daenerys Targaryen.See all the best looks straight from the front row at New York Fashion Week in the gallery below...Credit: Getty ImagesNYFW Front Row SS182of35Winning the award for most fabulous front row attendee was Chaka Khan at Tom Ford, complete with a 'Chaka' embellished fanSinger Ciara wore a simple black maxi dress with side split, paired with silver sandalsModelling legend Cindy Crawford made a statement in head to toe sequinsDoutzen Kroes proved that red is very much the colour of the moment in a body-conscious red maxi dress with mesh detailingHelena Christensen brought (yet more) glamour to the proceedings in this sequin embellished mini dressJulianne Moore looked as chic as ever for her former director's SS18 show, wearing an LBD and classic black heelsNot content with unveiling an attention-grabbing new hair colour, Kim Kardashian's latex body-con maxi by LaQuan Smith also made a major statementLeigh Lezark clearly received the sequins and hi-shine memo ahead of the Tom Ford show...Poppy Delevingne kept things simple in a little black dress with animal print detailing at the Tom Ford showSuki Waterhouse was the epitome of old-school glamour at the Tom Ford show, wearing a subtly embellished black sheath dress and wearing her hair in soft wavesSistine Stallone bucked the front row trend for monochrome by wearing a floral print mini dress to Tom Ford's SS18 showStranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown is fast becoming an NYFW fixture at the age of just 13. She wore a simple white shift dress to the Calvin Klein show, where she was joined by pal Paris JacksonNonagenarian fashion legend Iris Apfel brought her signature eclectic style to the front row at Calvin KleinLupita Nyong'o mastered effortless cool at Calvin Klein, pairing a simple white halter top and jeans with statement earringsMoonlight star Naomie Harris sat front row at Calvin Klein, wearing a structural checked tunic and trousers combo Alexa Chung and Karlie Kloss took opposing approaches to monochrome dressing for the Calvin Klein showRihanna launched her much-anticipated Fenty Beauty line with an appearance at NYFW, reminding us all how perfectly she wears yellow in the processKate Bosworth clearly got the floral memo ahead of Jason Wu's botanical extravaganza for SS18Caroline de Maigret brought her signature brand of laid back French cool to the Jason Wu showJaime King brightened up a monochrome ensemble with a rust-coloured bag and flash of red lipstick for the Jason Wu showLeandra Medine schooled us all in how  to master summer to autumn transitional dressing at the Jason Wu showParis Hilton attended the 20th anniversary show of her friend Jeremy Scott (and she's still wearing her favourite choker...)Swapping the catwalk for the front row, Sofia Ritchie showcased her off-duty style at Monse Another show, another killer outfit for Kate Bosworth: this time, it's checks andd a statement neckline for the Monse front row Sisters Paris and Nicky Hilton chose contrasting styles for their Monse front row appearance: Paris in a fitted tuxedo style, Nicky in a draped print dressCaroline Issa made a convincing case for plaid on plaid at Mansur Gavriel's runway showJeanne Dumas and Laura Love brought low-key pastels to the front row at Mansur Gavriel's debut runway show Two Beckhams plus the new editor of British Vogue equals the perfect Victoria Beckham front rowNYFW veteran Olivia Palermo brought graphic stripes to the front row at Prabal GurungFormer Hillary Clinton aide made an appearance at Prabal Gurung's politically charged runway showWe'll be stealing Jaime King's cosy jumper plus midi skirt outfit formula, as worn at Prabal Gurung, this autumnREAD MORE: Grazia Is Bringing London Fashion Week Live To YouREAD MORE: London Fashion Week: The Only Cheat Sheet You'll Ever Need© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Right now at this very second, the high street is producing some of the best designer handbag dupes around. Usually, this calibre of arm candy comes with a price tag that requires a sharp intake of breath, a chat with the bank manager and a long sit down. While, we commend anyone with the will power to save up enough to splurge on a luxury bag-of-a-lifetime, sometimes we just need that quick-fix fashion solution. And, the high street knows that oh too well. Hence, why they’ve come to the rescue.Topshop has remade Staud’s Bissette Leather Bucket Bag at a tenth of its price, Zara has re-created Edie Parker’s chocolate box clutches at for less than two months rent, and ASOS has hit the jackpot with its take on Loewe’s animal bag. Topshop’s furry shoulder bag may look like a bit of fun, but a real fur equivalent by Simoneta Ravizza would leave you back nearly a £1,000 more in debt. And, while Mango’s large shopper is seemingly just a way of adding colour to your day-to-day, it’s actually got origins in a Balenciaga design. It does make you think that the high street has the luxe label look nailed for a lot, lot less. While you mull on that thought, consider a pre-pay day splurge on any one of these 13 accessibly priced handbags that have instant street style appeal…Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Things To Ask Your Mum To Buy You From M&S Next Time You Go Home16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemIf You Love Ganni, You’ll Love These 11 Pieces From GestuzFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I love Reformation. Or at least, I thought I did. Whenever I see people like Alexa Chung, Emily Ratajkowski or Taylor Swift wearing the ethical label, I think they look stunning. But, it also occurs to me that these women have one thing in common: they are tall and slender. I, however, am under 5ft 4 and have a few more curves. As I’m currently in New York reporting on Fashion Week I thought I’d take the chance to see if this cult American label is for every woman or just super stars…Lazer Blazer, £188The DB is big news for autumn, and I can see why. A structured blazer is extremely flattering and gives every outfit an instant sense of gravitas. Reformation has two shapes, one slightly longer and leaner than the other, but both with the same sense of timelessness. They’d work just as well with jeans and a graphic tee as with a little party dress.Audrey Dress, £135Do I look uncomfortable? I don’t mean to, I’m just not sure I should be trusted wearing this much white. Even if there are no pens, or coffee cups in sight I’m sure I’ll find some way of staining this linen mini dress just by looking at it. That aside, it fits like it has been tailored to me as it has a nifty elasticated back. Overall this would be a smart little summer holiday item if it weren’t for the fact it’s nearly transparent and creases quicker than you can snap your fingers.Clayton Top, £97I’ve got to hand it to Reformation, I feel like Emily Ratajkowski. I loved this square-neck corset laced top so much I left the store with it.October Black Dress, £165This is everything a little black dress should be, as in abbreviated but not short on the details. The neckline is ultra-flattering, and the corseted waist draws the eye to create an hourglass silhouette. The fabric is light, but won’t crease easily. In other words, this dress is an all round winner.If you’ve fallen hard for Reformation but can’t get your hands on it in the UK shop it using MYUS.com.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Grace Victory: The Best Denim For Girls Size 18 And UpCurve Blogger Grace Victory Shows Us How To Tackle Spring’s TrendsWe Tried On Regular Sized Jeans That Tall Girls Can Get Away WithFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While Victoria Beckham may have been roaming backstage at her New York Fashion Week show today in blue jeans and a white tee but, her spring collection is sweetly feminine. For next season, Beckham has deigned smart as sexy and suiting as louche.The show flowed effortlessly from a pastels fairy tale with oversized mannish shirts tucked into sheer pencil skirts to strong tailored suiting in monochrome and scarlet. Though the looks were enough to keep Brooklyn (with camera) and David Beckham who sat next to the new Vogue editor Edward Enniful interested, these weren’t showstoppers. Victoria Beckham delivered wearable separates. Pleated midi skirts and flowing shirt dresses were as covetable as the high neck ruffled collars that littered the collection.The models' make-up and hair were in keeping with a low-key aesthetic sweeping backstage at NYFW. Beckham's models wore their hair centre-parted and clean off their faces, and their skin was presented glossy with an I-just-woke-up-like-this effortlessness.Without a doubt, the accessories were one of the highlights of the collection. Sparkly pumps made many double-take whether they were really watching a Victoria Beckham show. But, it was these girlish, mood-lifting touches that made this feel like a new, less sombre era for Beckham’s brand.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Starting a new job is nerve-wracking enough, but don’t make what you wear a reason to worry. Care more about learning Karen from Accounts full name and how your boss likes their tea, and leave the getting dressed to us.As it’s September, the weather is changeable and is likely to fluctuate from icy and rainy to humid and blue skied at least a dozen more times before you get your new desk; consider a few different outfit options the night before the big day that can be subbed in at an overcast morning’s notice. With the trees now shedding their leaves summer clothes suddenly seem too thin, too short and just too inappropriate for meeting the new team. Think about picking out something that reads ‘I like to work overtime’ to the adults in the company but makes you seem friendly and accessible while you make your lunch in the office kitchen.  Here are seven outfits that will take the fear out of your first day:Gold Hoop Earrings, £5, Missguided; Corset Seam T-Shirt, £16, Topshop; Statement Button Cigarette Pants, £310, Whole 9 Yards; Black Drawstring Backpack, £12.50, Missguided; Jump Slingback Kitten Heels, £59, TopshopFirst days can be a sweaty business so take control of the situation with a smart, but breathable blouse and low heels that will give you confidence with every step. A roomy leather bag will mean you bring all your essentials with you without looking like you’re midway through moving house.Lapford Mis-match Emerald Bee & Twig Earrings, £35, Finery; Slim Boyfriend White Shirt with Pleat Detail Back, £25, ASOS; Popper Side Stripe Trousers, £119, Whistles; Feline Jelly Flat Sandals, £10, ASOSSo you work in an industry like advertising where half the office is creatively minded. They are the out-the-box thinkers and dresses. You, however, have to meet clients and make the company rain with money. A white shirt and statement earrings with a smart trouser that hints (subtly) at the athleisure trend is a way to make friends with the whole office. Also, it’a non-boring way of wearing a cheap white shirt.Gold Pearl Trim Hoop Earrings,£6, Missguided; Faux Leather Across Body Bag, £15, M&S Collection; Houndstooth Jacket, £390, Pinko; Frill Neck Textured Knit, £99, Whistles; Houndstooth Trousers, £21**0, Pinko; Lacey Wide Fit Pointed Ballet Flats, £14, ASOSWe’re not saying you have to wear this exact suit, but say your office has a strict dress code don’t just settle for any old boring blue suit. Prince of Wales check and houndstooth make up to of autumn’s key trends so consider investing in a two-piece in an on point print. We added a pink ruffled turtleneck for a touch of femininity, but if that’s not your style opt for something more classic in a more toned down hue.Gold Plated Sterling Silver 9mm Hoop Earrings, £6, ASOS; Pure Cashmere Colour Block Jumper, £85, Marks and Spencer; Deep Davy Cocktail Stirrer Bag, £295, Sophie Hulme; Pleated Metallic A-Line Midi Skirt, £35, Marks and Spencer;** Jump Slingback Kitten Heels, £59, TopshopCurrently, our air-con is set to full pelt regardless of the fact that it’s cold and grey outside. The only way of coping is by investing in warm, yet smart knitwear. This Marks and Spencer cashmere will fool you into thinking it’s more expensive than it is. And, when paired with a  pleated skirt it suddenly becomes something suitable for swishing around the office in.Pastel Pink Small Cocktail Stirrer Bag, £295, Sophie Hulme; Tie Sleeve Wrap Dress, £46, Topshop; Picture Perfect Pointed High Heels, £30, ASOSSome say a smart dress code is difficult to dress for, but we’d be inclined to think an all-women office is the hardest. When faced with a sea of well-dressed ladies it’s imperative you up your game. A fun yet practical bag from Sophie Hulme will score you style points, as will a midi-length wrap dress that injects a jolt brightness.Quilted Shoulder Bag With Chain Handle, £25, ASOS; Spotted Ruffle Short Sleeve Skater Dress, £29.50, Marks and Spencers; Ribbon Ballet, £18, ASOSFor all the teachers, nannies and carers out there a pair of flats is a no-brainer. A trendy polka dot dress and pumps mean you can run around chasing the little’uns all day without looking too schoolmarm-ish.Bell Sleeve Mini Shirt Dress, £33, ASOS; Mai Wide Fit Leather Brogues, £35, ASOSA shirt dress is an easy choice for looking and feeling smart, but one with a slight flare, like with flounced sleeves, will add personality to the mix. However, remember to button all the way up and wear with sensible shoes, like brogues, to ensure your new colleagues you mean business.Liked this? You might also be interested in:14 Times Rachel Green Bossed Workwear In FriendsHow The Hell To Cope If You Have To Wear Office Clothes To Work Every Single DayAffordable Summer Workwear For When You Want To Boss The OfficeFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Trust Alexander Wang to invite all the most in-demand models and celebrities to his party, sorry show. Disregarding the traditional fashion week format, Wang took models like Bella Hadid, Suki Waterhouse and Kaia Gerber on a party-bus tour of New York. Stopping at three locations, the American designer hosted the likes of Kim and Kris Kardashian, Tinashe, Sofia Richie and Anwar Hadid on his front row.Between the starry personalities present and the viral concept, the clothes almost felt like an afterthought. The collection took the idea of after party attire and ran with it. Dresses were twisted and ripped, jacket sleeves became belts, and shirting fabric became a layering device. Some items were more successful than others like two twisted and knotted cami dresses that Bella Hadid and Anna Ewers wore. Equally so, a pair of denim cut-offs worn over a leather legging looked ready to be embraced by Wang devotees. If Kendall Jenner doesn’t already have a pair, expect to see her in them soon!As for the make-up and the hair? Wang took an au naturel approach to beauty. Maybe the look was meant to be so post-party that the girls had already whipped out their micellar water. If not, take this as a sign that post-watershed engagements don’t require smokey eyes anymore!Where the beauty took a low-key approach the accessories did not. Feathered headdresses studded with crystals reading ‘party animal’ and ‘Wangoever’ were worn by Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid. Elsewhere, chunky silver chain necklaces and bike chain chokers with weighted hardware were paired with little black dresses.Those who enjoyed Wang’s last collaboration with Adidas will be happy to see the relationship is on going. A few three-striped pieces crept into the collection. For instance, a pair of trousers that truncated the iconic stripes and wrapped them crisscross over model Emm Arruda’s legs were debuted alongside a new take on the classic zip-up jacket, which featured a belt made of sleeves. Expect this to sell out instantly!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since launching in 2013, Self-Portrait has rescued us more times than we’d like to admit. Designer Han Chong’s elegant, yet modern approach to occasionwear has become a mainstay of many fashionable women’s wardrobes, including the likes of Beyonce, Kristen Stewart, Miranda Kerr and the Duchess of Cambridge. One glance at Chong’s spring summer 18 collection, which was shown this morning at New York Fashion Week, and it looks like the Malaysian-born designer has done it again.For spring, Self-Portrait introduced stripes, of both the deck chair and pinstripe variety, as well as polka dots, stars and citronella florals into its design vocabulary. The silhouettes flowed either loose and long, swishing to the floor with shoulder-baring cut-outs, or were designed to fit close to the form with ruffles for embellishment. As ever, Chong’s use of lace lent itself to romancing the more difficult designs. One white gown with thigh-high slits, lace inserts and bell sleeves, which was worn with a bright red leather beret, has the alternative bride written all over it.The introduction of functional, yet fanciful ties became a running motif throughout the collection. Bowed for a girlish flair or worn undone - depending on the wearer's mood - gives garments like one asymmetric lemon gown an insouciant edge.According to the press release, the Self-Portrait woman, ‘projects ebullience, and, in the face of a troubled world, seeks to convey positivity and optimism with every turn.’ This surely was the case with the Beetlejuice tailoring and joyful flared fire-engine red dungarees that came with winged shoulders.While the label may be seeking to widen its already cult following with this notable move into daywear and its debut footwear designs, it’s still the dresses that will keep the customers happy.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Recently there has been so much talk of loafers and trainers the new wave of ballet pumps almost took us by surprise. Miu Miu started the groundswell last summer when they showed rugged, buckled ballerina slippers. Then the high street took notice, and now everywhere you look from Net-A-Porter to Zara has been deluged with the flats.Veering between preppy, pretty and over-partied, this feminine foil of a shoe has outstayed many trends over the years. Bridgitte Bardot may have been the first to take the sophisticated footwear off the stage, but courtesy of Amy Winehouse and most recently Bella Hadid, it’s proved that it has staying power. While it’s cut, colour and fabrication have undergone more reinventions than Madonna, the way it's been worn has barely changed over the years. Though their hair and make-up may chance, the iconic ballet pump wearers tend to like pair theirs with slim-cut trousers or micro dresses. Take note…We have Bardot to thank for taking the pump off the stage. As the French star was formally trained as a ballerina at Conservatoire de Paris, she was able to persuade shoe makers Repetto to make her a pair fit for the street and the big screen.The quest to look as angelic as Audrey Hepburn in her ballet slippers will forever end in despair. But, take note of her introduction of colour and accessories to make her pumps the centre of attention.The ingénue who never ages wore hers with flares and a white top. Sounds simple, but it strikes the right discordant note because it’s a world away from the tutus and tiaras these pumps are traditionally associated with.The ‘90s wild child made the leap between grunge and ballet pump feel natural. With a cigarette pant (not too dissimilar from the shape of Bardot’s further up the page), this look feels elegant and renegade.It would be impossible to write about ballet pumps without mentioning the Queen of Camden. Winehouse carried on Ryder’s ballet pump torch and added her own rebellious insouciance.A flat shoe is a perfect antidote to a dress that’s questionably short. For Chung, her metallic slippers bring a piece of innocence to her party frock.Trust a Hadid to make a nude ballet slipper work with a pair of lace-up corseted trousers. It’s the juxtaposition between the ladylike and the risque that makes this outfit sing.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Here's Another Good Reason To Wear Only Flats This WinterThe Death Of The High Heel13 Ballet Flats That Will Make You Want To Retire Your TrainersFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jeremy Scott may fetishize the objects of youth, like Barbie dolls and Spongebob Square Pants, but his eponymous label has just celebrated its 20th birthday. When Scott, who also leads the design team at Moschino, first got into the business of fashion it was through luck, gumption and good timing. But, his staying power and host of famous fans shows his popularity is much more than being in the right place at the right time.This evening at New York Fashion Week, Scott called on old friends and keen fans Devon Aoki, Gigi Hadid, Coco Rocha, Jourdan Dunn, Sofia Richie and Liberty Ross to celebrate his work anniversary. With an upcoming retrospective already planned at Dallas’ Contemporary Museum, this show was just another opportunity for Scott to prove his power player status at New York Fashion Week.Littered with crystal covered leather jackets and slinky metallic crop tops, Scott’s Spring Summer 18 collection was an ode to club kids everywhere. The show, which moved through one-piece swimwear, to micro dresses, to oversized, to layering pieces and Coyote Ugly-worthy snakeskin trousers, was tied together by camouflage and multi-coloured exotic skin and zany illustrations. Looking like the back catalogue of a raver’s wardrobe, Punky Fish-lite fishnet sleeves were layered under strappy crop tops, while abbreviated handkerchief skirts were worn with Dr Martins esque footwear.A moment of lightness came from a handful of looks tailored out of featherweight tulle. Though one model walked out in a head-to-toe lurid hoodie with matching cargo pants and pleated boa all made from tulle, the vast proportion of this fabrication was dedicated to a new dawn of naked dresses. Models bared it all in black tulle slips that came with oversized bibs of jewellery that carried stones the size of a fist and glinted in the cameras eye.If Scott’s collection is any indication, expect next Spring to be the second wave of New Rave, but this time with less neon and more sequins.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...All across New York Fashion Week there are whispers about its future. Many of the city’s famed designers, like Proenza Schouler, Rodarte, Thom Browne, and Altuzarra, have recently decamped to Paris leaving a creative chasm in the schedule. However, not everyone has left, notably not Jason Wu (whose international celebrity may be in part thanks to his famous all American clientele that includes Michelle Obama and the current FLOTUS Melania Trump).With the weight of American fashion riding on Wu’s shoulders, he showed an arresting collection in Brooklyn today. Colourful and unfussy, the collection was at its core, 'all-American sportswear', as he described to WWD. 'There’s quite a lot of sensuality and sexiness, — very feminine — but a bit more casual for sure.'The collection tossed between shirting and separates in rose-hued ticking stripes, and clashing florals twisted together. The hothouse of fauna prints were a deft reference to his recently launched eponymous perfume, which is Wu's first fragrance venture.Dresses were rendered with gaping cutouts and a-symmetric silhouettes. The snappy palette coloured ultra feminine tailoring and sporty, body-con slip dresses.Though Wu has a substantial red-carpet following, this spring/summer 2018 collection delivered a dressed-down look from the label. Instead of delivering blockbuster ball gowns or slinky red carpet designs, he played with draping, knotting and cutting to create the knockout effect.To complement the pared-back designs, Wu’s model army, which included Bella Hadid, Lineisy Montero and Lily Aldridge, struck gold with bronzed, but nearly barefaced make-up looks. Other than a streak of black eyeliner that dramatically painted their lids, their skin was strobed with dots of fake freckles drawn on. In an equally unpossessing move, their hair was merely slicked back and kept off their faces so as to let the clothes talk for themselves.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rihanna and Adam Selman are in a chicken and egg situation. It’s hard to tell if RiRi wears what Selman designs, or whether Selman designs for specifically for her. Whichever comes first, who really cares, because ever since Selman - the boyfriend of Rihanna’s stylist Mel Ottenberg - dressed his muse in that naked 2014 CFDA Fashion Awards dress we’ve needed to see Rihanna in more Selman.At his spring summer 18 show, which was presented at New York Fashion Week last night, Selman doubled down on what he does best, he made clothing Rihanna will love. Between the marabou feathers, denim and diamante it touched on many iconic styles the star has already worn.The collection was a pick'n'mix of Americana. He showed knockout Hollywood-ready red-carpet gowns followed by double denim suits. Sandwiched between the embroidered denim that looked like it fell out of Nudie Cohn’s country and western playbook, there were feather boob tubes, gingham co-ords and flowing silken suits and dresses. By and large, separates ruled the roost, with straight leg trousers reigning over any other shape and flowing drape jackets making a comeback. As ever, Selman kept the make-up and hair relatively relaxed to let the clothes shine on their own.Building on the cult popularity of Selman's last collaboration with sunglass makers Le Specs, the designer debuted a new, instantly (and Insta-) appealing pair of shades in the collection. His SS18 twist on the cat-eye style comes with sassy nicknames, like The Last Lolita and The Fugitive.Selman's SS18 look is fun, optimistic and catching. 'People are running from America like it’s a bad word,' Adam Selman told Vogue backstage before the show. 'So I wanted to run toward it, embrace it even more.'Rihanna, we'll see you at checkout!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As the daughter of original supermodel Cindy Crawford, it was inevitable that Kaia Gerber would follow her footsteps with a career in the fashion industry. After appearing in the Versace campaign alongside her mum aged 10, landing her first magazine cover at 14 and signing with model agency IMG earlier this year, she only had one model rite of passage left - her runway debut.Last night saw the 16-year-old ticking that one off her list, walking in Raf Simons' Calvin Klein show at New York Fashion Week. It's a significant brand for Gerber to start her catwalk career with - after all, mum Cindy was a regular on the Calvin Klein runway in the '90s.WATCH: Kate Moss: Fashion Through The AgesCindy's mini-me wore low-slung yellow trousers with a black and white cowboy-esque shirt tucked in and layered over a turquoise polo neck. Cowboy boots and a red and black tasselled bag completed the look. Hair and beauty wise, she was a dead ringer for Ali Macgraw, with her long dark locks parted in the centre and her strong brows emphasised.Simons, who has now been at Calvin Klein for a year, continued to riff on his Americana theme for spring/summer 2018, with cowboy boots and shirts still a major part of his collection. This time round, there were Sissy Spacek nightgowns and cheerleader uniform vibes, too, plus some Andy Warhol-esque prints of Dennis Hopper in Easy Rider. What could be more American than that?Crawford was front row, natch, as well as Hollywood royalty Mahershala Ali, Millie Bobby Brown, Lupita Nyong'o and Paris Jackson.We can probably expect to see Gerber at Marc Jacobs later this week, as she is currently the face of its Daisy fragrance. From there, we think we can hear Milan, Paris and London beckoning...READ MORE: Kaia Gerber Lands Her First Solo Magazine CoverREAD MORE: Kaia Gerber Is The New Face Of Marc Jacobs BeautyREAD MORE: The New Breed Of Celebrity Kids Set To Rule In 2016© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Your grandmother said that you should only wear tights if there is an ‘R’ in the month. Others declare that tights season is determined by the temperature – only allowed when it’s sub-10 degrees, perhaps? But then Cara Delevingne just rocked 10 deniers on the Burberry front row on a gloriously sunny day, and no one ever told Alexa Chung to take off her hosiery just because it was May?So these are the fashion rules worth following when it comes to wearing tights, plus a few myths debunked…Let’s just use our common sense on this one and agree that if it’s really hot outside, we’ll all leave the tights in the drawer. Easy.But apparently wetting and then freezing a new pair overnight will strengthen the Nylon significantly. Just remember to defrost them properly before trying to put them on at six o’clock on a chilly December morning.Take your AW16 styling cue from Prada’s Argyll knits, or Saint Laurent’s smoky Seventies tints. Very Parisian It-girl.How cool does this Valentino colour palette look? Pale pink legs with a hot pink midi-dress make for a clever tonal styling trick.Just as fun as coloured tights, as demonstrated by Alexa.If you’re going to go nude, choose a pair with no shine, that’s properly colour-matched to your skin tone. No one wants to look like a mannequin, do they?Popular myths; tights don’t go with trainers, open-toe sandals, courts or ballet flats. A quick scan of the street style set proves that they definitely, definitely do.Those tights with the funny toe-holes. They are not like fingerless gloves, and people can definitely spot the strange discrepancy between your toe colour and leg colour.READ MORE: 8 Ways To Master The Art Of Transitional DressingREAD MORE: Coats That Will Make You Look Forward To Winter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every season, there’s a dress — that you see on everyone, at everything and in every street style and Insta-pic.Right now, it’s Ganni's Charron dress.Statement neck, memorable-but-wearable print, flattering mid-calf length, not many sizes left on Net-a-Porter... It’s ticking all the IT boxes.Though the Copenhagen-based brand’s AW17 collection has just dropped, we’ve already seen the checked seersucker midi dress on, like, five fashion people — and you know what they say... @emilisindlev and @_jeanettemadsen_ in Bijou and Charron dresses before the GANNI SS18 fashion show 📷 by @tommyton #ganni #gannigirlsA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Aug 17, 2017 at 10:22pm PDTShown on the catwalk, it was layered over a striped knit and over trousers, with statement red brogues.Toning down the Ganni aesthetic, the street style crowd — including model Adwoah Aboah, fashion editor at COSTUME Jeanette Friis Madsen and Laura Jackson — have worn it with trainers. While model Greta Bellamacina paired it with Jimmy Choo boots, reminiscent of the campaign imagery. @adwoaaboah in Charron Dress 📷by @jaiperdumaveste #ganni #gannigirls - shop link in bioA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Sep 4, 2017 at 10:38am PDTFounder of Luelle, Marie Hindaer Wolthers even proved it’s a credible pregnancy option, making the most of the cinched waist and styling it with Converse. @mariehindkaer with her baby bump in Charron Dress #ganni #gannigirls - shop link in bioA post shared by  GANNI (@ganni) on Aug 27, 2017 at 10:06pm PDTThough Ganni launched in 2000, it kept a relatively low profile — relative to other Scandi exports — until the last few years. Spotted on celebrities like Alexa Chung, Kendall Jenner and Alicia Vikander last summer, and dubbed 'affordable Acne', it soon became the get-to-know brand.The Charron dress is only one piece from the collection, comprising of everything from a jumpsuit to a scrunchie.Miraculously, it's still available to buy on the website,£235.Quick, we predict a sell-out…Read more: Ganni — The Fashion Brand The Fash Pack Are Obsessed By© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Finding clothing for plus sizes that is brightly coloured, stylish and affordable all at once is near impossible. Trawling blogs to see where our fellow fatshionistas find their killer looks can take up hours at a time, just in the hopes that you find something that appeals to you too. The influence of plus size bloggers on the fashion forward fat public is undeniable, and so it only makes sense to use said bloggers to design collections for plus size brands. Following through on this logic is Bethany Rutter, Arched Eyebrow and German based brand Navabi.While Rutter admits that already working for Navabi gave her a head start in getting this project off the ground, it doesn’t diminish the hard work from either the clothing company or the young creative herself. Knowing exactly what the plus size world was sorely lacking, Rutter found herself filling in the gaps with her first line with Navabi, aiming - and succeeding - in creating a colourful and clean cut capsule collection that can be worn for any occasion.‘I wanted to design the clothes I want to wear myself. I guess the inspiration was the lack that I perceive in plus size fashion, which is a lack of wearable, everyday clothes that aren't boring and make a statement.’ Commented Rutter, explaining the vision she has been holding on to for years, ‘I was given an amazing opportunity by Navabi and I wanted to use it to create something I hadn't seen before. I want to wear trousers with a big bow detail, I want to wear a button-down shirt with a big shoulder flounce, I want to wear a dress in a wildly unapologetic shade of red, so I was very intentional when designing.’Rutter’s risks paid off, in part because they weren’t really risks in the first place. Just because something hasn’t previously been made for women, in this case plus size women, doesn’t mean it wasn’t sorely needed.Speaking of the popularity of the green trousers in her collection, Rutter recognises that this isn’t a chance happening but a need and want being filled for a community. ‘We get stuck in this vicious circle of brands only making certain styles for plus size customers because they say that's what plus size women want, but they never offer an alternative that would allow us to prove we want something better, different, more.’ She continues, ‘I'm not surprised that a good-quality pair of Kelly green trousers with a paper-bag waist have been so popular: people are relieved that they can buy them.’It’s easy to see why these are a top seller out of the collection, as a great statement trouser is incredibly difficult for anyone to find, let alone for plus size women.This shirt serves as the perfect middle finger to anyone who feels fat people should wear ‘flattering’ garments.The fear of rocking ‘shapeless’ garments that hide your figure is just as dangerous to some as not “dressing for your shape”. This dress shows that clean cuts are just as stunning on plus size women as they are on the Twiggy’s of the world.As for a follow-up line, Rutter has her fingers crossed and her ideas at the ready in case of another Navabi collab. Keep an eye out, as more blazer colours are promised by the blogger and potentially more wintery looks.Liked this? You might also be interested in:A Guide To Buying A Plus-Size Bridesmaid DressA First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeThe Reality Of Being A So Called Plus Sized ModelFollow Georgina on Instagram @princessgeorginaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You can’t have missed Kate Moss in London this past week. Not only has her face been emblazoned on billboards, buses, tube ads and black cabs, but she’s also been covering the sizeable shop front of the iconic former BHS building on Oxford Street. The quintessentially London ‘It’ girl and model is the new face of Polish fashion brand Reserved, which is launching its first store in anything but a reserved manner today.Launched in 1999 in the wake of the end of communist rule in Poland two years previously, Reserved is the hero brand of the LLP group, led by charmingly unassuming CEO Marek Piechocki – a kind of anti-Philip Green (he politely requests that we don’t photograph him to preserve his relative anonymity and also admits he still cycles 70km to work every day rather than drive a fancy car). A behemoth in its native country – much like Topshop here – its already made its mark on Poland and Eastern Europe, where it is three times the size of its major rival H&M. Indeed, it has been valued at $3.2 billion and makes 1.5 billion in sales yearly.WATCH: Kate Moss: Fashion Through The AgesAt a presentation in Gdansk, a picturesque coastal town on the Baltic Sea, Pierchocki explains that LLP expanded as it adapted to the new needs of the Polish population who were suddenly earning more money and had disposable income for the first time in forty plus years. Under the communist regime, people had queued with their ration books to collect their allotted sausages, sugar and even shoes. Suddenly, there was a demand for fashion as well as a hunger for it. From its humble origins as a ramshackle 20 square-metre standalone shop 26 years ago, it has expanded exponentially, with 1700 stores around the world and an immaculate headquarters in Gdansk with separate departments and teams for T-shirts, jersey, menswear and accessories.  Its London flagship is 30,000 square metres.The move to the British capital is a milestone for the brand, who see London as the biggest, toughest market to crack yet. But it’s a move that has been meticulously thought-through and planned, not least thanks to an innate understanding of British style and the UK consumer. After all, who better to sell your brand to the masses than its most famous face, Kate Moss?  As evidenced in the new campaign shoot, the aesthetic of the brand is similar to what has come to be London’s signature style; polished and unpolished (pun intended), rough around the edges and with a quiet rock ‘n’ roll edge, with pleated midi skirts, camel coats and green tartan kilts all making up the first offering to hit rails.But what makes it different to the plethora of other high street stores dominating the British high street today? That would be its unique aesthetic, which is both Polish and not Polish at the same time. The strong visual identity of the brand is undoubtedly down to head designer Sho Kondo, who honed his craft at places as diverse as Zara and Balenciaga. Hailing from Japan, he brings a unique outsider’s eye to Reserved, which is neither Polish or Western. Producing new collections every two weeks, this is undoubtedly fast fashion, yet it isn’t particularly trend-led. His team scour the globe for inspiration, frequently taking trips as far afield as Asia, while also looking back through the archives and closer to home at Polish street style. One of the most recent collections looks strikingly similar to the first created in the early 1990s, while military uniforms and other details from Polish history have also been referenced.With a real point of difference to its competitors as well as a keen understanding of the British customer, we think Reserved is going to be the shake-up the over-saturated British high street has been waiting for. Oh, and if it's good enough for Mossy, it's good enough for us. Race you to the tills.Reserved opens on 6 September at 252 Oxford Street.READ MORE: Meet Reserved: The New High Street Brand Championed By Kate MossREAD MORE: 7 Global Super-Brands Set To Shake Up Your Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The hunt for the perfect winter coat starts here. John Lewis has joined forces with London Fashion Week favourite Eudon Choi for the latest instalment of its Modern Rarity line.Given that Choi is known for his signature tailoring, it follows that his capsule collection should comprise five pieces of instantly covetable outerwear. The designer looked back through his archive when working on his Modern Rarity edit, selecting his favourite coats and re-working these styles. Among the standout pieces are a sharply tailored double-breasted style in grey check and a white frill-hemmed coat, priced at £360 (as seen in Grazia’s Fashion Charts).WATCH NOW: Fashion Heavyweights On Why British Fashion Is The BestThe Modern Rarity line launched last summer, with a focus upon quality wardrobe staples in luxury fabrics: presenting a more considered alternative to fast fashion, it promised the kind of seasonless pieces you’d want to re-visit season after season, and featured a guest collaboration with palmer//harding. The London design duo created five tailored white shirts, one of which was later worn by Prime Minister Theresa May at a Downing Street reception celebrating British fashion.At the time, John Lewis’ head of womenswear buying Jo Bennett, explained the ethos behind the new collection, revealing, ‘we set off with a mantra of “fewer, better pieces,” with the knowledge that our customers are wanting quality pieces that have design substance. We wanted to create a brand that could cater for everyday modern classics in a luxe way – pieces that are thoughtful, beautifully designed and crafted with care.’ Built in to the Modern Rarity manifesto is a commitment to collaborating with the UK’s rising design stars, providing a creative platform (and high street exposure) for up-and-coming talents.Priced from £250 to £400 and available in sizes 8 through to 18, the Eudon Choi collection will be available in stores and online from Thursday 7th September, astutely timed for a pre-Fashion Week shopping fix.READ MORE: Alexa Chung's Second Collection Is Here (And It's As Covetable As Ever)READ MORE: Finery Proves (Once Again) That Affordable Fashion Doesn't Have To Look Cheap© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ok, let’s get honest for a hot second, when I walk into Zara, there are usually somewhere between 20 and 200 things I don’t think can live without. Then I start queuing for the changing room and lose the will to live. That’s why Zara online is really a Godsend. Though I have a similarly visceral emotion about most high street stores, these feelings go above and beyond when it comes to this Spanish retailer. For, Zara online means I don't have to wave goodbye to several hours of your day in a sweaty, cramped, chewing gum-sticky fitting room and snaking checkout line. Plus, I swear they have pieces online that I never see in the bricks-and-mortar store.Take these work appropriate ballerina shoes, for instance, they would seamlessly fill a gap in my wardrobe, as would that laptop-friendly tote bag and the oversized sweater that gives off Alexa Chung vibes. The wide-leg trousers are an investment piece for this winter and would look on point with the jewelled fringe earrings, which will transition nicely from your summer to winter uniform. Though browsing on the website is obviously a hobby of mine, it was a tough task to edit Zara’s covetable collection down to just 11 pieces, but if you ask me this edit is very hard to resist. Go on, try it, I dare you…Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Things To Ask Your Mum To Buy You From M&S Next Time You Go Home16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemIf You Love Ganni, You’ll Love These 11 Pieces From GestuzFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...John Lewis has become the first UK department store to combat gender stereotypes with its new 'genderless' clothing collection aimed at both boys and girls. All of the high street giant's own-brand children's clothing will feature labels saying either 'Girls & Boys' or 'Boys & Girls' and there will also be a new gender neutral collection for newborns up to age 14.'We do not want to reinforce gender stereotypes within our John Lewis collections and instead want to provide greater choice and variety to our customers, so that the parent or child can choose what they would like to wear,' explained head of childrenswear at John Lewis, Caroline Bettis.WATCH: Reddit Users Share Their Top Tips For Falling AsleepLet Clothes Be Clothes, a campaign group of parents asking retailers to rethink how they design and market children's clothing, have praised the move, saying: 'It’s fantastic news and we hope other shops and online retailers will now move in the same direction. A T-shirt should be just a T-shirt – not a T-shirt just for girls or just for boys. Higher-end, independent clothing retailers have been more pro-active at creating gender-neutral collections, but we hope unisex ranges will filter down to all price points. We still see many of the supermarkets, for example, using stereotypical slogans on their clothing.'While many welcomed the news, it has proved controversial in some quarters. In contrast to Let Clothes Be Clothes, the group Campaign For Real Education has predictably spoken out against it, claiming it will be potentially damaging to children.'By following this fashion to go genderless, I fear they are supporting a wider movement which risks confusing children and foists adult worries on to young people,' said spokesman Chris McGovern. 'There is a dangerous social phenomenon occurring of gender identity theft, which says there is no difference between boys and girls when of course there is.'Predictably, there has been some backlash on Twitter, with some users citing it as 'political correctness gone mad' with others were calling for a boycott of the high street favourite.The most Tweeted comment came from Piers Morgan (who else), as he shared a picture of the collection with the a caption stating that 'Britain is going officially bonkers'.READ MORE: Male Authors Are Now Using Gender Neutral Names To Sell BooksREAD MORE: Chloe Moretz Thinks Feminism Should Be About 'Gender Neutrality'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The cardigan so often gets a bad rep. It is easy to dismiss it as a librarian’s MVP, as a code word for that lame, kooky nan-chic look that did the rounds circa 2007, but it’s much, much more than that.This season it has shrugged off its indie kid nostalgia and developed into something Miu Miu girls can fawn over. As an item, it’s as wantonly feminine as a leopard print bra. It’s as daringly retro as kitten heels and as knowingly misrepresented as Birkenstocks. It deserves a second look, née a second chance. It’s well and truly time to reconsider the cardigan (note: never call it ‘cardi’ unless you actually want to sound like someone’s grandmother).It’s surprisingly easy to cash in on this winter’s cardigan cachet as well. Wear it buttoned up without anything underneath and the naff knit becomes something surprisingly sexy. Buy it cropped and wear it with your belly button piercing on show and pretend your Christina Aguilera circa What A Girl Wants. Or, wear it loose over a faded band tee, and it gains the debauched coolness of Kurt Cobain’s iconic 1993 MTV Unplugged in New York performance. You can thank us later.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Workwear, like its moniker, often involves a lot of hard labour and research. No one wants to be reported to HR for indecent exposure, but on the flip side, no one wants to go to work looking like their worst. You want to arrive to at your Monday morning meeting with the ‘Listen to my ramblings about data, for I am very important!’ confidence, while remaining approachable enough so people want to amble to Pret with you at lunchtime. Here are all the best stuff to wear to work from chic Scandi brand Kitri, that is also office-appropriate.Kitri, Dryad Frill Sleeve Dress, £95Perfect for what Grazia magazine dubbed ‘Sautumn’ (that’s a summer-y autumn, FYI). Sleeves so brazenly fluted, you’d have Steve from marketing’s eye out, yet still adhering to the office dress code. Tick! Tick! Tick! Now all you need is Chris from Love Island feeding you dark chocolate truffles and to sort out your tax form.Also, this would definitely look nicer on you, because you could wear some dead-cute mules instead of a NHS-issued foot cast.Kitri, Payne Pinafore Dress, £115You know those times you decide to go for 'one drink after work' and it turns into a sloshy pub bender in which you tell the guy from accounts you've always fancied him (you don't), spend your entire paycheck on an Uber ('I SAID CLAPHAM NOT CAMDEN') and wake up with a slice of pizza on your cheek? Well, here is the perfect pinafore for that. You can put any plain top underneath and it makes you look like you have made an effort. Whip the top off if you fancy a round two.Kitri, Darcy Midi Dress, £95Clean, no frills and makes me look like a Roman goddess who's having a mini break in Copenhagen. If your foot isn't broken, you could definitely wear yours with some dainty sandals and get scouted by Storm Models ... (I'm jealous.)Kitri, Swanilda Bell Sleeve Shirt, £40Nothing like a bit of shoulder to show your colleagues you're edgy AF. Just team with pinstripe trousers for a little executive realness (and to help you hustle for that much-needed pay rise).Kitri, Gloria Bardot Midi Dress, £115This is a good Friday ensemble for when you want to appear fun, but not too fun. Though I was initially hesitant (the maxi-dress trend is stressful for my usual tomboy aesthetic) it turns out this dress is incredibly flattering and feels expensive.Remember: It will look nicer on you BECAUSE YOU CAN WEAR NORMAL SHOES.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:14 Times Rachel Green Bossed Workwear In FriendsWorkwear That’s Not Boring And Actually On TrendHow The Hell To Cope If You Have To Wear Office Clothes To Work Every Single DayFollow Aimee on Instagram @a1meejakes This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The second collection from Alexa Chung’s eponymous fashion line has just dropped, and we’re pleased to confirm that it’s just as covetable as her summer debut.Titled Prom Gone Wrong, the collection is, according to Chung, inspired by ‘the moment of disaster. When something terrible happens and it happens in slow motion or you suddenly have heightened senses or awareness. It will comprise over 100 pieces, including ready-to-wear, shoes and jewellery.Just as Chung’s own signature style is all about bringing together opposites, the collection explores what happens when exaggerated, feminine glamour is juxtaposed with something darker. ‘I was looking at debutante ball images and Tatler parties in the eighties – silks, taffetas and ballerina skirts. Pretty much your prettiest moment, so elegant and feminine, and then you’ve got crappy old socks on or an ambulance blanket wrapped around you,’ she explained.WATCH: Alexa Chung's Style EvolutionAmong the standout styles are a tracksuit bearing a colourful rainbow stripe, an over-sized knit with a graphic face pattern and a handful of ballerina-referencing party dresses. Chung’s staple fabrics like velvet, gingham and plaid make an appearance, too.After a series of high profile (and highly sought after) collaborations with brands like Madewell, AG Jeans and high street stalwart Marks and Spencer, the model turned presenter turned designer’s long-awaited standalone fashion line arrived back in May.To celebrate the launch of her debut collection, Chung held a wedding-themed catwalk show at the Danish Church of Saint Katherine in Regent’s Park, with guests such as Daisy Lowe, Henry Holland, Pixie Geldof and Natalie Massenet taking their seats along the church pews.Prices for Alexa’s second collection start at £75 for a tee (bearing slogans like ‘Lonely Hearts Club’ and ‘Boy Crazy’) and range up to £780 for an over-sized trench coat. It’s available to buy from retailers such as Selfridges, Net-a-Porter and Mytheresa, as well as from the ALEXACHUNG.COM e-commerce site.READ MORE: Finery Proves Once Again That Affordable Fashion Doesn't Have To Look CheapREAD MORE: Atlanta De Cadenet Stars In Reformation's Latest Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This is a radical suggestion, but why not buy your winter wardrobe now? Though the sun is still (mostly) shining and the weather has yet to plummet to freezing temperatures, now is prime time to invest in your new season staples.  It may seem ludicrous, but the best pieces drop in store when you’re least likely to wear them. For instance, Finery just updated their website with everything we want for this coming winter.Since Finery launched in 2014, it’s proven that high street fashion doesn’t need to look or feel cheap. In fact, their quality is commendable, and their fit is for the real women – not the worryingly thin models that hang around the runways. Notably, they are equally on point when it comes to translating trends into real life solutions. For instance, their tailoring has a boyish sensibility but is still feminine as it’s cut from plush velvet or flares out into a wide palazzo leg.A downy millennial pink sweater stands out as a must-have from the new collection. Steering clear of being saccharine, it has a high-neck that doesn't require a necklace and rolled back cuffs - ideal for us working women in need of rolling back our sleeves and getting down to business. Though print has always played a part in Finery's wardrobe, this season it blossoms into something herbaceous and abstract. There is one sage and forest green dress that will work well now with sandals but suit boots in winter.‘I wanted to make a collection of new best friends that are going to take our woman into the next season. There is a great mix of revisited classics for autumn winter 2017. The collection is slightly more pared back, and it is definitely a considered curation that I really want people to love. There are some really interesting fabrications, and I'm really excited for the leather pieces’ Emma Farrow, Finery’s Head of Design, told Grazia.While the collection will drop on site shortly, the waiting list is already open for many pieces.WATCH: Alexa Chung's Best Style MomentsREAD MORE: Pernille Teisbaek Had The Scandi Wedding Of DreamsREAD MORE: First Look At Heidi Klum's Fashion Line For Lidl© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You’ve probably heard snippets of the Gianni Versace story: shot dead on the steps of his Miami Beach mansion. Allegations of connections to the Mafia. Vehement denials from his family. Heck, you might have even watched the (very) unofficial 2013 Lifetime biopic, House Of Versace; the one said house declared ‘a work of fiction’. But now, 20 years on from Gianni’s death, the iconic designer is about to get the full American Crime Story treatment.With its first season – The People v. O.J. Simpson – proving massively successful, the team behind ACS (including Glee/American Horror Story’s Ryan Murphy) needed another dramatic real-life tale to ensure our obsession continued. And, in The Assassination Of Gianni Versace, they have the perfect crime.Gianni was the third-born child to a dressmaker mother and a father who served as a private financier to the Italian aristocracy, coming after sister Tina (who sadly died aged just 12, due to a tetanus infection) and brother Santo. Beloved baby sister Donatella would be the fourth. After apprenticing with his mother in their Italian hometown of Reggio Calabria, and designing for brands Byblos and Complice, he launched his label – then known as Gianni Versace Donna – in 1978. A Milan boutique quickly followed, the house growing rapidly, Donatella serving as part muse, part consultant.Realising the value of the relationship between celebrity and designer, Gianni’s campaigns were fronted by Madonna, Elton John and Prince. He famously sent supermodels Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Linda Evangelista and Christy Turlington down his Fall 1991 runway, lip-synching to George Michael’s Freedom! ’90. Gianni was even friends with Princess Diana, who he dressed in the white haute couture gown she wore for the cover of Vanity Fair’s July 1997 issue, just prior to both of their untimely deaths.It seemed that Gianni was invincible, both professionally and personally, as the designer fought off a rare cancer of the inner ear with chemotherapy. For all his famous friendships and opulent surroundings, he was – as is the Italian way – a family man at heart, doting on his nieces and nephews. Openly gay, Gianni met his partner Antonio D’Amico in 1982, and they were still together when tragedy struck on 15 July 1997.Gianni was at home in Miami’s South Beach, returning to his mansion (Casa Casuarina) after collecting his morning papers from News Cafe. When he reached the steps, in front of those now-infamous black and gold gates, he was shot twice in the head. He was found dead by boyfriend Antonio, who this month told Dateline, ‘I heard the shot. My heart just stopped to beat. I ran out and then I saw Gianni laying down on the stairs in blood.’His murderer was serial killer Andrew Cunanan, for whom Gianni was his fifth and final victim before he turned the gun on himself, nine days later. Before that, a nationwide manhunt. Police found a truck in a nearby garage, which had been stolen from his fourth victim – William Reese – with Cunanan’s identification documents inside.California-born and a smart student, it was after graduating high school that Cunanan’s troubles really began, with official FBI papers stating: ‘He had supplemented his earnings from an odd job here and there by serving as a male prostitute and engaging in longer-term liaisons with older homosexuals who would shower him with gifts and cash.’ According to Vanity Fair’s Maureen Orth, Cunanan and Gianni had previously met on 21 October 1990, at San Francisco nightclub Colossus.Little is known about said meeting, or indeed Cunanan’s motives for killing Gianni and his four other victims, though he reportedly told friends before the incidents, ‘If I had AIDS or if someone did that to me I would go on a five-state killing spree and take everyone with me I could.’ Despite his autopsy showing Cunanan was HIV-negative, FBI reports say that he feared he had contracted the virus and had approached a San Diego AIDS counsellor before his suicide, though he was never tested. He shot himself on a Miami Beach houseboat, amidst a police siege, on 24 July 1997. Cunanan used the same gun he killed Gianni with.Gianni’s Milan funeral, exactly one week after his death, was attended by the many friends and fashion industry comrades he had made throughout his life; Princess Di, a sobbing Elton accompanied by partner David Furnish, Anna Wintour, even his famed ‘rival’ – though both men denied any real competitiveness – Giorgio Armani.What should have marked the end of the Gianni Versace story was only the beginning of 20 years of curiosity from fans, the media and the general public alike. There were the alternative theories; that Gianni had been killed by the Mafia, a dead turtle dove found beside his body supposedly the mark of a professional killer. While this was quickly deemed a coincidence – the bird was probably in the wrong place at the wrong time when Cunanan fired the gun – those allegations resurfaced in 2010, thanks to claims by former N'drangheta (Calabrian Mafia) member Giuseppe Di Bella.In controversial book Metastasi, Di Bella claimed that Gianni’s business was being used by Godfather Paolo De Stefano as a way to launder money, taking ‘rivers of money from drugs, extortion, protection rackets, loan sharking’ and making it clean. Another source said, ‘The N'drangheta lent Gianni Versace money and he was killed because of debts he had with them.’ The Versace family was quick to deny the allegations in a statement: 'The declarations from the informer are false and shameful. We reserve the right to protect the memory and reputation of Gianni Versace in civil and criminal courts.'The whispers about Gianni’s health were also shut down. Maureen Orth’s 1999 book Vulgar Favors, which has actually served as a basis for the ACS series, alleged that Gianni was HIV-positive when he died. At the time, the Versace family’s spokesperson said they ‘deplore this mercenary invasion of their privacy and the scurrilous assault on the reputation of someone who was the victim of a horrible crime.’With so much material to go on, it’s hard to tell where executive producer Murphy and his team will begin, but begin they have; filming has already started in Miami, with the series slated to run in early 2018. Edgar Ramirez takes on the role of Gianni, with Ricky Martin (yes, THAT Ricky Martin) as his boyfriend Antonio and – with Ms Versace’s blessing – Penelope Cruz playing Donatella. Darren Criss, Glee’s Blaine Anderson, is killer Andrew Cunanan.Could it be that The Assassination Of Gianni Versace will be even more compulsive viewing than it’s predecessor, The People v. O.J. Simpson? That Penelope’s Donatella will be more frequently talked about than David Schwimmer’s Robert Kardashian? We think it might just be in with a shot.Like this? You might also be interested in:Remembering Versace’s Most Viral MomentIs Princess Diana This Year’s Style Inspo? An InvestigationUnpicking Kim Kardashian’s Ultra 90s OutfitFollow Jennifer on Instagram @barbiesnapsThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last time Sami Miro collaborated with Forever 21 it was such hot property it sold out in mere hours. This time around, Miro and the American retailer have learnt their lesson and are have found a way to prevent it running out (quite) as fast.Back in January the San Franciscan native who runs her own vintage repurposing label approached her collaboration with Forever 21 as more of an edit than a collection. She went about sourcing one-off items like Motley Crue tees, bootleg-Chanel scarves and aged Levi’s. While it was refreshing to find a high street collaboration was actually truly limited edition, it backfired on the brand in a big way as it sold out long before the hype died down.For Miro and Forever 21, this new collection isn’t just a take two, but a chance to deliver on its aesthetic promise. Now limited to just five items, priced at £29-£35, they have gone down a vintage-inspired route rather than sourcing one-offs. The result is a cohesive collection that looks like it could have been worn by Xtina back in the day. The pieces are hooked on a black and red colour scheme, barbed wire print and rhinestone embellishment. It goes out to all the kids that still dance to Dirrty and TLC on the weekends.‘Forever21 and I collaborated about eight months ago and it sold out within hours so we knew we had something here and another collection was due. This time we wanted to focus on a collection that was more readily available (i.e. not one of one vintage) so we came up with an edgy yet cute design and overall vibe of accessible pieces for the every day wardrobe.' Sami told The Debrief, 'The barbed wire theme is obviously vintage inspired from the '90s - I'm pretty sure Pam Anderson - made it famous and I have several vintage shirts with barbed wire on theme so I thought it was the perfect incorporation to the collection to meet in the middle of edges and cute.’If logic pervaded, stylists Sami would be a household name by now. She’s dated a hunky actor (Zac Efron), dressed celebrities (Kendall and Kylie Jenner, Bella Hadid, Sofia Richie, Kaia Gerber and the list goes on) and she’s already had one sold out fashion collection under her belt. However, somehow, Sami has kept her distance from the spotlight, instead lending her vintage-enthused aesthetic to the limelight-hoggers.Since the collection launched, a wildfire of speculation about its inspiration has spread through Instagram. UK-based creative Betsy Johnson who runs the independent fashion label Freckled Ace has hit out at Miro and the Forever21 team, accusing them of copying her designs.She took to social media to say: 'betsyjohnson_SO: I contacted Sami Miro in June to gift her some pieces from @freckledace, she accepted. I was very excited to see her in the collection. However @samimiro new collection with @forever21 is at the very least very similar. After calling for a boycott of the collaboration and contacting Sami and forever 21 I have been ignored, blocked and critics comments have been removed. I'm calling for a boycott. @freckledace is founded on ethical production and female empowerment to them be assimilated in a fast fashion context by someone I looked up to and sent me clothing to is disappointing, to say the least. comment, tweet, tag, post, whatever.'Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Aside from an impressive IMDb page, Jennifer Lawrence is pretty much known for being the whole world’s wannabe best friend. She falls over on the red carpet, she jet skis with Amy Schumer, she’s sick at Oscars after parties… Pretty much nothing our actual best friends do, but still it’s inexplicably appealing.As brand ambassador — so relatable, am I right? — she features in Dior’s new social campaign, Dior Love Chain. AND YOU, WHAT WOULD YOU DO FOR LOVE?  Join Natalie Portman and share your creative answers using #diorlovechain. For each post @diorparfums will donate $1 to the charity @wemovement in partnership with Natalie Portman to support the education of young women worldwide. Don’t forget to nominate your loved ones and help Natalie Portman to build the Dior love chain.  http://on.dior.com/tc #natalieportman #diorparfumsA post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on Aug 27, 2017 at 1:09am PDTThe actress is asked: 'What would you do for love?'Rihanna answered: ‘You have to give love to get love’.Bella Hadid said: ‘Anything’. Very Meatloaf.And J-Law? ‘I would pretend sleeping in sexy underwear is comfortable’.Hilarious. And so true. (How does she do it?) AND YOU, WHAT WOULD YOU DO FOR LOVE?  Join the Dior Love Chain by sharing your creative answers using #diorlovechain. For each post @diorparfums will donate $1 to the charity @wemovement in partnership with Natalie Portman to support the education of young women worldwide. Don’t forget to nominate your loved ones and help Natalie Portman to build the Dior love chain. http://on.dior.com/tc #diorparfumsA post shared by  Dior Official (@dior) on Aug 29, 2017 at 2:29am PDTSpeaking to WWD, president and chief executive of the perfumery, said the goal for the campaign is ‘to give the floor to people to talk about the universal and timeless theme of love, and what they would do for love… to make a global chain that’s absolutely incredible — and viral’.The brand is asking you, the people, to share your answers using the hashtag #diorlovechain. For every post Parfums Christian Dior will donate $1 to charity WE Movement.So, parting question: what would you do for love?READ MORE: This Is How Bella Hadid Gets Ready For A Date© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It seems every month there’s an update to the Zara website that gets everyone in the office talking — however seemingly tiny or insignificant.Now, it’s not just the frustrating section showing us which pieces we could have bought in sizes other than XS or L had we looked on our morning commute rather than our lunch break, it's the new Timeless collection.Another environmental move from the fast fashion brand, after Join Life, it's encouraging people to switch — or at least supplement — their wear-once wardrobes with sustainable styles. It's part of an eco-positive U-turn we're seeing high street wide, from Monki to Weekday.Judging by the models — Malgosia Bela, Kristina de Coninck and Yasmin Warsame — by ‘timeless’, it’s referring to both aesthetics and age. Malgosia is the youngest of the three models, who’ve walked for countless catwalk shows including Givenchy, Balenciaga, Dior Couture and Dries Van Noten, at a (not particularly ancient but industry anomalous) 40 years old.In between the campaign pictures, there are punchy quotes from the models, like this from the cheekbone-centric beaut: ‘I prefer myself so much better now than ten years ago or twenty years ago. Obviously it would be nice not to get old and ugly, but the mental process is only for the better. So, it’s a paradox: more confidence, and you’re getting old. But it’s… I kind of like it’.The trend of hiring someone post-millennial to front a campaign began with Celine and Joan Didion for SS15, then Saint Laurent and Joni Mitchell.Paradox or not, the ethos of the Timeless collection is positive. And, bonus: it's highly shoppable.There’s a lot of chunky knitwear, oversized and raw hem denim, androgynous suiting, classic cashmere and statement-but-wearable coats.Though some of the looks fall into that basics + quirky shoe formula, which has had an inevitable Instagram overkill, overall it’s wearable. Bar maybe the leather glove and shirt combo. We challenge anyone who’s not Malgosia Bela to pull that off.READ MORE: Do You Know How Zara Got Its Name?READ MORE: The Secret Zara Section You Probably Never Knew Existed© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The designer whose bejewelled swan minaudiere made Carrie Bradshaw say "I love you" to Mr Big on Sex and the City is entering into a dynamic new collaboration.Leiber is teaming up with cool kid of the fashion industry, Alexander Wang, to bring a limited edition jewel-encrusted minaudiere to the runway this autumn.Leiber's charismatic clutches found worldwide fame on the HBO show in the 1990s.They first appeared in an early episode of SATC, where Big gave Carrie a glitzy bird-shaped clutch.Ironically, Carrie didn't love the "just wrong" creation - so much so, that she ended up compensating by declaring her love for Big.Leiber's work also made an appearance in the 2008 SATC movie, where - fans may recall - Charlotte's cute daughter tucks Carrie's mobile phone away in a cupcake-shaped bag that was custom-made for the film:California-born Wang is joining forces with Leiber to debut a bag shaped like a roll of $100 bills for his spring show during New York Fashion Week on 9 September.The statement bag is hand-beaded from 10,263 green, clear, black and gunmetal Swarovski crystals.It takes around a week to make each one and the price $4,995 (£3,867) is a reflection of this pain-staking work. The accessory will appear in a very limited line of just 20 editions.As WWD - who announced the news - point out, this is not the most natural collaboration for the two fashion powerhouses.Wang is revered for his sleek and contemporary aesthetic, which draws from low-key street style influences paired with immaculate tailoring.Leiber, meanwhile, has built a cult following around her elaborate, high-octane evening bags accentuated by outlandish, kitsch design detail.However, with Leiber's brand keen to develop resonance with a younger, edgier audience and Wang itching to move out of his comfort zone, this could be a match made in heaven."When I think about collaborations, I always try to work with people who do something that’s very specialised and who are a leader in their field," Wang tells WWD. "I love that we don’t normally do evening bags or do anything that’s really decorative or bedazzled."Within the last year and a half, we’ve been pushing a lot more evening capsules in our pre-collections. One of the gowns that we’ve done for three seasons now has been consistently one of the top sellers in our entire line, so we know there’s a customer for it."The designer promises fans "something completely different" for his upcoming New York show.Read More: Surprising Facts About Sex And The City You Didn't KnowRead More: Why Sex And The City Isn't Responsible For Women's Fashion Choices© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Two months ago, news broke that Lidl – the German grocery store – and German-born model and TV presenter Heidi Klum were collaborating on a ‘high-end’ fashion collection. On the surface, it sounded bizarre and like an exercise in expensive marketing and cheap clothing. But, then it occurred to us that, like many things with Lidl, from its wine selection to its glorious cheese aisle, their value-centric pricing isn’t indicative of its quality. And, now, with mere weeks before the collection drops in-store, we have an exclusive preview of the range.Until now, all we have seen are a few standalone images of the 18-piece collection. Today we have an exclusive behind-the-scenes preview of the range’s TV advert. Shot by fashion photographer Rankin and starring Klum, it’s set in a label-free supermarket where Klum and her crew of models run wild among the egg cartons and refrigerators. It also gives us a preview of the range, which runs in a size 8-16 and will be priced at £6.99 to £49.99. Hero items include a leopard-print camisole, skinny jeans and bomber jackets.‘I wanted to create fashion with a wow effect that is easy to combine and makes every woman look fantastic – and all at an unbeatable price,’ Klum has said of the collaboration.The collection, which launches on September 7th at New York Fashion Week, marks the supermarket’s first ever foray into fashion collaborations. In the past, it has worked with Californian heiress Paris Hilton on a hair care collection, but this is new territory of Lidl. This collection will hopefully cleanse the palette for Lidl shoppers who were recently burnt by prosecco-gate, when the company hyped its bargain-priced booze offer but failed to have enough stock to service the thousands of shoppers who descended on the supermarket. The line, called ‘Heidi & The City’ as a homage to SATC, will be available in 670 UK branches of Lidl and in 10,000 stores globally from the 18th September.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...More than any other Prime Minister before her, Theresa May has been objectified on the basis of the clothes she wears.It's a weird old world where column inches devoted to a leader's leopard-print heels almost outweigh those that question her policies.But the PM put that fashion scrutiny to good use on a state visit to Japan today, by showcasing her solidarity with the country in wake of a missile threat from North Korea.May chose an ensemble in bold red and white - the colours of Japan's national flag - as she met with her counterpart, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe, in Kyoto.Their union comes amid heightened security in Japan, after authorities in North Korea fired a missile over Japan's northern Hokkaido island in the early hours of Tuesday morning.The incident sparked public alerts to take cover before the missile crashed into the sea.Abe described the act of aggression as an "unprecedented" threat to his country, while May branded it "outrageous" and "a provocation".Speaking to reporters on her plane en route to Kyoto this morning, May urged China to do more in curbing North Korea's military ambitions. She said China had a "key role" to play in defusing tensions in the region.North Korea has hinted at more launches, describing the missile fired this week as "the first step" of its military operations in the Pacific.May's trip to Japan lasts three days, during which time she will discuss the possibility of a post-Brexit trade deal, as well as the current security threat.Read More: We're Not Sure How We Feel About Theresa May's Millennial Pink OutfitRead More: Theresa May To Appear In American Vogue© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mia Goth has become the girl to watch. The British-Canadian actress is a rising star and has just 'married' actor Shia LaBeouf in a live-filmed stunt. But who is Mia Goth? Here's everything you need to know.Mia Goth, full name Mia Gypsy Mello Da Silva Goth, was born in Southwark, London, to a Brazillian-born mother and a Canadian-born father. The family lived in Brazil until Mia was 12-years-old and then moved back to the UK to settle in Lewisham, London.She has many homes across the globe, from her dad’s waterside pad in Canada where she learnt her lines for Nymphomaniac, to Rio De Janeiro, Brazil - the home of her grandmother and actress, Maria Gladys.Mia now splits her time between London and Los Angeles.Mia has been very secretive about her birthday and exact age, but she's due to turn 24 in November.Mia first appeared on screen in the TV series The Tunnel (2013), but her first big role was in the sexually-charged and controversial film Nymphomaniac (2013), created by Danish filmmaker, Lars von Trier. He is famed for his incredibly provocative and intense films, from Melancholia (2011) to Anti-Christ (2009), which have divided opinion due to being raw and graphic, and have often been dubbed misogynistic.Nymphomaniac proved to be no exception – a two-part epic exploring the life of sex addict and sadomasochist Joe, played by Charlotte Gainsbourg. The plot is driven by a plentitude of sex scenes, of which are very much real. Mia Goth plays Joe’s nympho protégé 'P’ who is taken under her wing both maternally and sexually - quite an audacious film debut for the then 20-year-old.Since then, Mia has played Meg Weathers in Everest (2015) and Milja in The Survivalist (2015), for which she admitted in an interview with the Guardian that to fully immerse herself into the role she didn't wash for five weeks. The film even recieved a nomination from the British Independent Film Awards.Mia's most recent film was A Cure For Wellness, directed by Gore Verbinski, co-starring Dane DeHaan, it was a psychological horror released in March 2017. See the trailer below:The Guardian called it a 'slick horror full of plot holes.' Mia plays Hannah - a mysterious young girl who resides in a rehabilitation centre in the Swiss Alps. 'Mia Goth is suitably unearthly as Volmer’s “special case”, Hannah,' said The Guardian's review. 'But all the style and slithering horror is not enough to glue together a plot that favours atmosphere over coherence and overstays its welcome by at least 30 minutes.'Not a face to be overlooked, Mia Goth's ethereal beauty and barely-there brows make her incredibly photogenic. Off-duty, Mia Goth's makeup is minimal, letting her interesting features do all the talking.She was discovered by stylist and photographer Gemma Booth at the Underage festival in Victoria Park at age 15, and was soon signed to Storm Model Management. She then appeared in Vogue and was the face of Mui Mui. However, Mia has always wanted to be an actress.In an interview with i-D magazine Mia said, 'I want to be a woman who has a little bit more figured out, who doesn’t have so many doubts […] And then I would like to have a whole list of directors I have worked with – Woody Allen, Paul Thomas Anderson […] I just want to act. And I want to be good. And I want to be happy, and I think that’s it'.One of the reasons Mia may be popping up on your radar lately is because she is linked to actor Shia LaBeouf. Mia and Shia met on the set of Nymphomaniac in 2013, and after dating for three years they sparked speculation rumours in March 2015.They married last year (October, 2016) in Viva Las Vegas chapel, and the wedding was live-streamed and picked up by TMZ (apparently unbeknown to Shia).Shia LaBeouf and Mia Goth wedding. Photograph: @miagothThe footage shows the couple exchanging vows; Shia ended his with: 'I’ll do whatever you ask me to', to which Mia replied, 'I’m pretty much going to do whatever I want' at the end of hers. It has since been realised, though, that the wedding wasn't actually legal.However, the Hollywood romance didn't blossom without a few bumps along the way, as the pair were filmed fighting in Germany in 2015, with Shia threatening to 'hit' and 'kill' Mia. He then fuelled rumours that he and Mia had split for good when he was repeatedly pictured with an unknown girl. That girl turned out to be Sasha Lane, one of this year's breakout stars who plays the lead, alongside Shia, in the raw coming-of-age drama American Honey, directed by Andrea Arnold.Shia and Mia are very much together now though; Shia told Ellen DeGeneres in a recent interview that he was 'proud' of their love for each other.You can follow Mia on Instagram at @miagoth, but you won't find any selfies because she considered them 'vain' in a recent interview with i-D.However, she has recently deleted a lot of her posts and now has only a handful of pictures on her feed.Mia doesn't have Twitter.WATCH: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsREAD MORE: 44 Amazing Up-And-Coming Actors To Look Out For This YearREAD MORE: Who Is Jennifer Lawrence's New 'Boyfriend', Darren Aronofsky?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Transgender model Munroe Bergdorf has joined a fresh line-up of faces fronting a diversity initiative by L'Oréal Paris.The DJ and activist from east London is the first transgender woman to star in a campaign by the global brand, and hopes to break down barriers by doing so.Munroe came out as gay aged 15, and began living as a woman three years later. She started "the slow process" of transition aged 25.But, as she explains in a heartfelt new video for L'Oréal, she struggled to find other trans women to relate to when she was undergoing this life-changing process."I just decided to start speaking more about my experience," she says. "I just thought, if I can't relate to anybody in the media who's transgender, then hopefully someone can relate to me."I definitely set out to empower girls like me," she adds. "Not many people know that it was trans women of colour that fought for gay rights that started the Stonewall riots, which eventually led to the gay rights movement."Munroe says she sees herself as a "role option" rather than a role model because "I'm still finding myself, like everyone else is still finding themselves... it's not a smooth ride."Munroe is one of five new ambassadors who have been hand-picked to front L'Oréal's YoursTruly True Match campaign, as the brand continues to celebrate diversity and inclusivity in beauty.It comes as L'Oréal launches five new darker foundation shades this September, bringing its full range to 28 options.Munroe says finding a foundation that suits her skin tone has been "an epiphany"."Makeup has definitely been a way of me reflecting how I feel inside and it's a direct expression of who I am," she says. "Going into a store and finding makeup that helps you achieve those small victories, I think that's amazing."Other new additions to the campaign include style blogger Mercedes Benson and model Neelam Gill. They appear alongside L'Oréal's other YoursTruly True Match ambassadors; Cheryl, Katie Piper and Gary Thompson.Read More: French Lessons With Helen Mirren For L'Oréal  ParisRead More: Elle Fanning Is The New Face Of L'Oréal Paris© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A modern muse meets an icon of the golden age, as Kim Kardashian West works the style kudos of none other than Jackie O for the September issue of Interview magazine.The reality TV star, 36, was joined by her four-year-old daughter, North, as she channelled the former First Lady in meticulous detail in the shoot captured by photographer Steven Klein."I wanted to capture feminine beauty as an expression of empowerment and self-respect," said Steven. "Also, to highlight Kim in a chic manner that is retrospective of a time and yet modern.""This photo shoot I will cherish forever as such an amazing memory with my daughter," said Kim. "It was powerful, and allowed me to pay homage to the iconic Jackie Kennedy who I admire and respect."Come take a closer look at how Kim re-created the 60s poise and elegance of one of America's most celebrated style legends...Ever the classy lady, Jackie O often sported a layer of white pearls to complete her look. Kim wears them with equal finesse, along with emanating her 60s shift dress that subtly accentuates the collarbone and shoulders. And of course, let's not forget Kim's lustrous brunette bob - a key element of Jackie O's allure.Jackie 0 showed us that there is nothing more flattering than a cinched-in waist, with an eye-catching belt adding structure to the outline. This is a signature 1960s look, and Kim is faithful to it. The tailoring is simple and chic, and the length gives a nod to the mini-skirt trend - at its height in the swinging '60s.Short sleeves teamed with a high-neck is a classic Jackie O fashion formula. The overall effect makes for a fitted power dress that is bold, yet at the same time refined and ladylike. White gloves were one of Jackie O's favourite accessories, and they seal the deal when it comes to high-octane sophistication.Jackie O loved a finely tailored jacket, and Kim runs the theme well here. Both women opt for sumptuous wool, with military-style buttons and a golden trim creating an extra level of pared-back je ne sais quoi. Anyone paying homage to Jackie O would be lost without her signature over-sized sunnies; it's exactly what Kim needs to finish this look.America's former First Lady elevated the humble coat to a whole new level. Kim K picks up on the power of a structured neckline, along with a sharp silhouette. Carefully placed embroidery is a beautiful way of lending personality and energy to the ensemble.Images: Rex, Getty, Steven Klein/Interview magazine (via Kim Kardashian/Twitter, Kim Kardashian/Instagram)Read More: A Brief History Of Jackie O's Signature StyleRead More: Everything We Know About Kim Kardashian West's New Beauty Line© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Slowly but surely, ethical fashion is tip-toeing into the mainstream. Where you’d once expect to make a trade-off between style and sustainability (often sacrificing one for the other), labels like Reformation are now winning over legions of fans – and accruing thousands of Instagram followers – by proving that those two considerations needn’t be mutually exclusive.The latest shoot from the LA-based brand, best known for their vintage-inspired dresses and jumpsuits as seen on everyone from Alexa Chung to Emily Ratajkowski, stars model, influencer and A-list scion Atlanta de Cadenet, daughter of Amanda de Cadenet and Duran Duran’s John Taylor. Shot against a bold tangerine backdrop, the 25-year-old wears a handful of the label’s signature styles, like the Clueless-inspired ‘Cher’ slip dress, along with some new arrivals (including a wicker basket bag and a blouse in the bold polka dot print that’s shaping up to be next season’s gingham substitute…)WATCH: The Most Expensive Dresses In HistoryDe Cadenet’s mini-campaign, which was shot by Thomas Whiteside, bears the hashtag #sexymath, the latest tongue-in-cheek environmental initiative from a brand which wears its eco-credentials lightly but proudly (they’re famed for the tagline ‘Being naked is the #1 most sustainable option. We’re #2). It’s all about plotting the positive environmental impact of shopping Reformation, with the perceived increase in fashion cache (or, in their not-quite-PC take, ‘hotness’) gained by wearing Reformation. Not exactly a scientific study, but we’ll take it – and it’s hard to argue with the stats. 65 percent of Reformation clothing is made with renewable energy, and they’ve saved 99,792,535 gallons of water and 236,100 lbs of waste in the year to date. As Reformation put it, ‘companies should be accountable for more than just profits. So we want to share our sustainability numbers with you guys, and show how you’re making a big difference when you buy Ref.’This isn’t the first time that De Cadenet has teamed up with the environmentally conscious LA label. Back in 2015, she fronted their Low Carb collection (as in low carbon, not low carbohydrate), modelling a selection of Reformation’s signature cool-girl dresses while enjoying all manner of actual (edible) carbs, from a pan of pasta to a spread of baked goods. The launch coincided with the arrival of the brand’s RefScale, the chart which clearly spells out the environmental impact of each piece on site, showing how much carbon was emitted and how much water was used in its making. Particularly enlightening is the comparison between those stats and the industry standard, which – spoiler alert – is rarely favourable for the latter. Time for other brands to follow suit? We think so.READ MORE: Can I Shop Ethically On The High Street?READ MORE: Emma Watson's Favourite Ethical Fashion Brands You've Never Heard Of© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This weekend actress Yara Shahidi paid homage to a Democratic politician. No, it wasn’t Obama or (either) Clinton, but the living legend, internet-icon Maxine Moore Waters who is one of 12 black women serving on the United States Congress.Since Sasha Lane and Katy Perry’s stylist Jamie Mizrahi took over at Juicy Couture, she’s been overhauling the brand’s image, and this statement sweatshirt is just the latest example of it. Gone are the days of Paris Hilton shopping on Rodeo Drive in head-to-toe pink velour; now is the era of boundary-pushing Juicy. Following on from the collaboration with Vetements, where the Cali company lent their name, spirit and nostalgic cultural currency to the trend-leading fashion house, Juicy has enlisted the help of poet Cleo Wade. With a hotly tipped New York Fashion Week show coming up, this is the first teaser of what we can expect from Juicy Couture 2.0.The Black-ish actress wore a monochrome velour hoodie that had a Cleo Wade quote, ‘What Would Maxine Waters Do?’ embroidered on the back in gothic lettering. Waters has held office for over a decade and has had a varied political career, which has included chairing the Congressional Black Caucus and standing up for the residents of South Central LA during the Rodney King riots in 1992. She’s been praised for her lack of filter, notably calling Trump a ‘disgusting, poor excuse of a man’. But it was her recent showdown with the United States Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin in July of this year that made her go viral.Mnuchin was testifying before the House Financial Services Committee when he got a taste of the Waters barbed-wire bite. After being called out for his lack of response to a letter the Congresswoman had sent him months earlier, he tried to butter her up with compliments. She was having N-O-N-E of that. Rather than letting him blabber on and fillerbust his way through his interview, Waters turned to the bespectacled Secretary and shut him up saying: ‘I'm reclaiming my time’. Watch the YouTube above in awe and count down the days until we too can pay our dues to Waters with a Juicy hoodie.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This weekend saw fashion influencer, creative director and Scandi Instagram star Pernille Teisbaek tie the knot with her long-term boyfriend Philip Lotko, providing us with plenty of new material for our hypothetical wedding Pinterest board in the process.Pernille’s 480,000-and-up online following will be more used to seeing the stylist (who formerly went by the handle @lookdepernille) in looks that epitomise laid-back Scandinavian style: over-sized roll-necks, jeans and shirt combos and breezy patterned midi dresses. For her trip down the aisle of St Ib’s Church in Bornholm, Denmark, however, the bride opted for a design from one of the biggest names in bridal style: Vera Wang.Proving that the nearly-naked trend can be wedding-appropriate, the dress in question balanced layers of semi-sheer lace and intricate embellishment with a more demure high neckline and long sleeves.WATCH: The Most Stylish Weddings Of All TimeWhile the bride might have sided with an internationally renowned design hero for the dress itself, the details brought a touch of Denmark to her wedding style. Cinching the gown at the waist was a pearl-encrusted belt from Weddings By Gudnitz, the bridal jewellery brand from Danish couturier Rikke Gudnitz (who also tailored the dress and created Pernille’s barely-there veil for the occasion) – we think this might be the first time you’ve felt actively compelled to wear a waist belt since your mid-Noughties wardrobe reached peak Gok Wan. A pair of buckle-embellished Manolo Blahniks, a low-key bouquet by local florists De Fire Arstider and - intriguingly – a Swift-esque serpentine ring finished off the wedding ensemble.Proving that mis-matched is the way forward when it comes to dressing a bridal party, Pernille’s two bridesmaids wore subtly different draped gowns in similar tones of champagne gold; classic styles which we imagine could sit happily ever after in any eveningwear line-up. If only all brides were so considerate…READ MORE: 21 Dresses For A Beach Wedding And BeyondREAD MORE: Is This The Most 'Fashion' Wedding Ensemble You've Ever Seen?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Imagine for a moment your group chat was embroidered onto a t-shirt, you're now close to grasping the O-Mighty look. The low-key website that looks like it hasn’t been updated since 1999 and is run on a handful of shrapnel has a cult following. Justine Skye, Miley Cyrus, Madison Beer and Sami Miro love their tongue-in-cheek tees a, which is understandable as the cult label has captured the zeitgeist of the times. Their millennial-friendly slogans are funny, sassy and feminist. And, their company mantra is very relatable: 'tay moisturized. Use a condom. Call mom. Never smoke shitty weed. Rewatch friends. Enjoy ur problems. Power to the youth. Afterall, u r still cute.' With a finger double tapping on the internet’s pulse, it’s like Illustrated People on speed. Get hooked now… ❤️🐶JADORE DOGGOS❤️🐶 #omighty WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on May 11, 2017 at 9:10am PDT 🌻 MY PUSSY MY CHOICE 🌻🌹🌷✨ @caradelevingne 🌈 #omighty WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Mar 8, 2017 at 10:47pm PST CAN I GET A YELL HEAH?!?!?!!! 😜😜😜#omighty WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Apr 27, 2017 at 10:40pm PDT When I came out of my mother's womb, i screamed GIRL POWER!!💓🌸💪💓💪💓🌷#omighty WWW.O-MIGHTY.COM @omightyshopA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Jun 5, 2017 at 6:33pm PDT ISSA STRANGE GIRL🌹 @brunalirio #omighty  WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:46pm PDT SEND DOG PICS SEND DOG PICS😇#omighty WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Jul 20, 2017 at 9:46pm PDT V EXTRA BABY TANK✨💫🌷 #omighty  WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Aug 6, 2017 at 5:58pm PDT My idols are dead and my enemies are in power⚡️ #OMIGHTY WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Jun 28, 2017 at 10:46pm PDT NEVER UNDERSTIMATE THE POWER OF A WOMAN🌸💓💖🌷#OMIGHTY WWW.O-MIGHTY.COM @willowsmithA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Jan 22, 2017 at 12:11am PST Reading is sexy✨💗 @ruairi_luke #omighty WWW.O-MIGHTY.COMA post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Jul 18, 2017 at 7:45am PDT ✨TAKE 40% OFF EVERYTHING WITH CODE "BLACK" #omighty WWW.O-MIGHTY.COM✨A post shared by  OMIGHTY!! (@omweekend) on Nov 20, 2016 at 12:52pm PSTLiked this? You might also be interested in:11 Things To Ask Your Mum To Buy You From M&S Next Time You Go Home16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemIf You Love Ganni, You’ll Love These 11 Pieces From GestuzFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by OFFICEOrient fashion as a trend is nothing new: we've seen it crop up on the catwalk numerous times in the past, thanks to it's functional, yet sleek aesthetic. We also saw it make headlines last year at the 2017 Met Gala, which honoured COMME des GARÇONS's Japanese designer Rei Kawakubo. And, it seems that this year, Japanese fashion has heavily influenced British and American fashion trends, both on the catwalks and off them. No surprise there, considering that Japan is always one step ahead of the curve when it comes to style and innovation.At Fashion Week, designer brands such as Mary Katrantzou, Gucci and Erdem interwove elements of oriental fashion - from dragon motifs to opulent floral designs, to silk materials and asymmetrical hemlines - into their latest collections. Similarly, fash packs and bloggers have seen been working orient fashion into their street style looks.And you only have to trawl through any high-street fashion shop and you're guaranteed to find oriental-inspired staples, from kimonos to puff-ball sleeve tops. Take OFFICEs exclusive new offering, for example: their luxury sport collection Oki Kutsu (which means 'Big Shoes' in Japanese) features a range of stylish flatforms and chunky, bold silhouettes that mimic the style of footwear you'd expect to see in the streets of Harajuku. This British-Japanese hybrid collection is no doubt set to be a sell-out.Clearly, oriental fashion is one of the sleekest and chicest trends to embrace this season, although it can be a rather tricky one to pull off. Avoid attempting to master the trend from head-to-toe, as this can often result in an out-dated, as opposed to contemporary, look.Instead, pick one solitary statement piece to rock. For the evenings, wrap a silk, floral patterened kimono over mom jeans to create an understated, effortless ensemble. During the day, you can throw on some athleisure jogging bottoms, and slip your feet into the luxe Kinsei sandals by Oki Kutsu for Japanese-inspired street chic. And remember, the key to pulling off this trend is 'less is more'.Shop this trend in the form of the Oki Kutsu shoe collection at OFFICE.READ MOREMeet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The MomentJetleisure: This Season's Fashion Buzzword5 Instagram-Approved Ways To Wear A Silk Scarf© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You say ballet pump, I say Amy Winehouse. Of her many accolades, Winehouse can be thanked for transforming the delicate silken slipper into something rugged and edgy. She made this elegant emblem of dance and privilege into something desirably scuzzy. Thankfully, this season people are remembering just how revolutionary the singer’s baller pump wearing was by paying dues in shoe form. Courtesy of Miu Miu, the shape is back on the runway and being deftly copied by our favourite high street stores. Rather than being the graceful silhouettes of yore, this season they’ve become scrappy, buckle and hardier with proper soles and no square toes. Get on board with the trend now…Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Things To Ask Your Mum To Buy You From M&S Next Time You Go Home16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemIf You Love Ganni, You’ll Love These 11 Pieces From GestuzFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Felicity Hayward knows her way around a jumpsuit, in the professional sense. As a model, she’s worked with ASOS, Boohoo, Galore Mag, Glamour, Paper Mag, Soap and Glory, Tatty Devine, Rankin, Katy Perry and Allure to name a few. Though she’s worn the weird and wacky for work, her favourite wardrobe go-to is a jumpsuit. In fact, she’s rarely seen out of a do-it-all one-piece. So when we wanted to know what fits, what doesn’t and what’s shaking in the world of onesies we called up Felicity to get the deets. And, here is what she had to say…M&S Collection, Multiway Sleeveless Jumpsuit, £69'The black jumpsuit from Marks & Spencer feels great on because the flares are flattering. It fits true to size and I feel supported without a bra because it’s got one built-in and if, like me, you have big boobs, you can use the halter neck to hoist you up! It would be perfect for a summer holiday because you can wear it as a halterneck for a dinner or as a jumpsuit for a night out. Essentially, you can get away with wearing it more than once without people knowing!'Manon Baptiste, Floral Print Jersey Jumpsuit, £163.99, Navabi'I’m a big fan of the ruffle top and the sleeves as it makes it comfortable to wear. At first glance, you wouldn’t realise, but it has pockets, which I love and which make it endlessly practical for when you need somewhere to put your Oyster card or lippy and you only have a tiny bag. If I was going to style it for an evening out I’d put it with gold hoops and trainers.'Elvi, Hayley Hasselhoff Collection Navy Dungarees, £49.50'Dungarees are super 90s, which makes me feel very fashionable. I like to layer them with a t-shirt underneath or at night time, when I get cold, with a jumper. They have real Sunday mooching vibes although this style is a bit more luxe than your average denim dungarees.'Boohoo, Plus Nicole Off The Shoulder Ruffle Jumpsuit, £22'This is cool because the colour pops and looks great when clashed with something equally bright. I would put on red lipstick to up the clashing vibe. As an FYI you can get away with not wearing a bra – win! – as there is a ruffle, but you could wear a strapless one if that makes you feel more comfortable. I’d accessorize it with lots and lots of jewellery.'Mat, Tie Belt Jumpsuit, £79.99, Navabi'I like this jumpsuit because it’s a cosy piece I could wear on a lot of occasions with trainers, plus it has a rope belt, which is flattering. Id’ wear it for shopping, a picnic or just lounging around with friends as it’s smart but still really easy'.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Grace Victory: The Best Denim For Girls Size 18 And UpCurve Blogger Grace Victory Shows Us How To Tackle Spring’s TrendsWe Tried On Regular Sized Jeans That Tall Girls Can Get Away WithFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember the days when it was a surprise to hear how much an ‘Influencer’ (likely not yet called that) made on social media? The headlines screamed shock and confusion. Fast forward not that many years and it’s now SO accepted that people are making money by advertising products online that laws are being incorporated. Enter #ad and #spon.The Economist found that last year, influencers on Instagram made anything from $5,000 (£3,872) to $150,000 (£116,000), while YouTube stars earned almost double that. It’s all a bit ludicrous, but it’s not just for the big dogs to play, while we may be quiiiite some way from making anything near that amount, we can all kinda get a piece of the pie, such is the beauty of the internet. We asked influencers how they’ve turned their likes into cash monies and this is what they had to say… Yellow living room set @littlefrankies 🍋 #carocarboload THIS IS MY FAVORITE PASTA EVER THE LIMONE FROM LIL FRANKIES 🍋A post shared by  Caroline Vreeland (@carolinevreeland) on May 30, 2017 at 5:14pm PDTThere are approximately 700 Instagram accounts out there and over 4.2 billion posts a day. In all that, as cheesy as it sounds, your best bet of standing out is by being yourself because there’s no one else in the world like you.‘Find a unique selling point that suits you best,’ explains London-based blogger Anisa Sojka. ‘Followers don't want to see a copy of another outfit / scenic shot that another blogger is posting.’ Whether it’s Caroline Vreeland’s spaghetti infused photos or Instagram’s Eva Chen back-of-the-taxi-selfies, it’s good to carve out an identity for yourself online. yes I did wear @stellaartois colours on purpose 🍻 #serveonetoremember #vantagepoint #adA post shared by  Hannah Louise (@hannahlouisef) on Jul 15, 2017 at 9:44am PDTYes okay so sometimes it kind of feels like we’re all in a big numbers game, striving for follows and likes, but increasingly quality over quantity is being prioritised. Having reached peak ‘Instagram-Influencer’, ‘Micro-influencers’ are reporting that some brands are happy to work with people whose follower count may be lower, but are more actively engaged.‘To begin with, concentrate on building your social media platforms into a solid brand with a dedicated following, rather than using cheap tricks and quick fixes to increase numbers,’ explains London-based blogger Hannah Louise F. ‘Engaged followers are worth so much more to companies who might want to pay you to post, so you have to put in that groundwork in order to monetise most successfully.’ Happy Tuesday 😁 💥 #Fitkit by @katespadenyA post shared by  AJ Odudu (@ajodudu) on Jul 4, 2017 at 5:24am PDTGone are the days where you have to wait for a brand to reach out to you. Instagram and co. provide visibility to everyone and anyone with an account. ‘Always tag brands you’re wearing, do post outfits of the day; things that are quick and throwaway,’ says TV presenter, DJ and fitness blogger AJ Odudu. ‘That’s often how brands find you and reach out for sponsored posts.’‘I have been in contact with or been re-posted by brands I love simply through tagging them in my photos,’ added professional make-up artist Olivia Newman-Young. ‘Not only can this lead to future collaborations with them, but if they retweet your photo it can lead to other brands noticing you, as well as open you up to new followers.’ Sundays spent gossiping, planning and drinking @maliburumuk in the sun with @drkrystyna at @thecurtainldn are 100% the best type of Sundays ☀️🍹#becausesummer #malibu #ad #pinacoladadayA post shared by  Fashion ♦ Lifestyle (@abbietanner) on Jul 9, 2017 at 10:15am PDTHashtags are great for increasing your visibility, too. ‘I always make sure my hashtags are relevant to my image and also try to include any that may be trending,’ explains London-based blogger Abbie Tanner.Plus, paying attention to what works well and what doesn’t can go some way, too. By switching your Instagram profile over to a business account, you can get access to your analytics and see what times people are most engaged. ‘Kinda goes without saying perhaps, but by posting at the times where your followers are most likely to be online, more of them are likely to see your post. I try and keep my posting regular and at times that work best for engagement; that tends to be around 9 pm for me’, adds Abbie. Watch with sound 🔊 Behind the scenes of my latest outfit shoot amongst the very colorful graffiti walls of Shoreditch 🎨 Film by Chris LloydA post shared by  Anisa Sojka (@anisasojka) on Jun 29, 2017 at 1:11am PDTVideo content is reportedly where it’s at these days and the same goes for Instagram. Blogger Anisa Sojka tells us how integrating video into your content is often a lot more relatable than just posting another stiff photo. ‘Your followers will get more of a sense of who you are,’ she explains. ‘Also, [being able to see the] movement of a piece of clothing sells it better.’ Be your own picnic blanket 🤙🏼 #gingham forever 💛💦⏰ {Outfit link in my bio or on http://liketk.it/2rXB1 #liketkit @liketoknow.it } 🇹🇷A post shared by  Rosie - The Londoner (@rosielondoner) on Jul 9, 2017 at 3:40am PDTThese days, there are tons of affiliate schemes that reward you with cold hard cash whenever someone buys something you’ve directed them to. LikeToKnow.It, as part of RewardStyle, which was founded by blogger Amber Venz is one of the first and biggest affiliate schemes out there, and makes it particularly easy to monetise your Instagram. ‘Users receive links to your outfits direct to their inbox simply by liking your photo [on Instagram] or by taking a screenshot your image and uploading it to their app,’ explains Anisa. We have nothing to lose and a world to see 🌏✨A post shared by  nathalie kemna 🌙 (@nathaliekemna) on Jul 14, 2017 at 11:54pm PDTThere’s no hard and fast rule to anything in life, let alone how best to make diamond-infused lemonade out of our Instagram feeds, but there’s certainly something to be said for having a well-curated profile. Dutch blogger Nathalie Kemna suggests using planning apps like UNUM or Planoply to see an overview of your Instagram feed and to map out which photos suit best. She also advocates spending time engaging with your followers and with other accounts as well as responding to comments. Can't Stop The Hustle 🙌🏻 Basically Silent On The Blogging Front Ain't I. That's Because My Bastard Brain Isn't Playing Ball. Impaired Cognitive Function Is One Hell Of A Fuckery. Struggling For Hours To Form Sentences. Fighting To Find The Words.  Not To Mention Insurmountable Fatigue. Motivation Is A Myth Mate Let Me Tell You. But Still I Persevere. Put My #GirlBoss On. Today I Spent My Afternoon In My Mini Home Office. Did My Best To Type Up My Many Thoughts. Tried My Hardest To Arrange GIRLvsCANCER Tingz. I May Be Slow Right Now But I'm Also Steady. And Isn't That What Wins The Race? #GIRLvsCANCER #BreastCancer #ChemoBrain http://liketk.it/2rpXx #liketkit @liketoknow.itA post shared by  LAUREN MAHON  |  LOZZA (@iamlaurenmahon) on May 19, 2017 at 1:35pm PDTGranted, fashion is big business - on and off social media. But, there are lots of other markets you can incorporate and monetise, too. ‘Many homeware and lifestyle brands use affiliate sites to reward with commissions,’ explains Lauren Mahon, founder of the Girl Stole London’ blog and the #GirlVSCancer movement.‘Nobody likes to feel like they're being sold to and as you are essentially a brand your followers buy into your style. If your Instagram feed] starts to feel a bit too 'spon' you run the risk of your community disengaging,’ explains [Lauren.‘Don’t be a sellout,’ added Anisa. ‘Just because a brand is paying doesn't mean you have to work with them. Stay true to your taste, your standards and what is relevant for your following.’Liked this? You might also be interested in:We Spoke To One Of The Rich Kids Of Instagram To Find Out If Having It All Is Really All That4 Ways To Wear Flares That You Haven’t Thought OfHave You Noticed That We've All Stopped Wearing Black?Follow Alya on Instagram @moorizZLAThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every couple of years, I go on an odyssey in search of the perfect summer top. The PST. You know how in summer you need that basic (but not, crucially, #basic) top? It’s more special than a t-shirt, more now than an ancient vest top, but still simple and understated enough to go with all your flouncy skirts, statement midis and whatever mad directional pantaloons you’ve inevitably ended up buying in the sale after a couple of Aperols. You want it fitted, so it sleekly balances out all the volume on your bottom half without having to be re-tucked every 20 minutes. Fitted, but still casual and forgiving – not, like, a corset or anything.It’s probably black, although navy, grey and khaki can all sub in. It’s flattering enough that you feel slightly like Sophia Loren eating spaghetti at a pavement trattoria...but not so boobtastic that it goes too Sofia Vergara for like, family lunches or the office. It’s made of decent fabric, not tissue paper, and it isn’t going to end up going all baggy and bobbly after one wash. In fact, it’s endlessly washable, because it’s going to end up covered in those mysterious ‘summer stains’ that could be deodorant, sun cream, Mr Whippy, guacamole or somebody you unwittingly rubbed against on the tube.WATCH: Ella Eyre's V Festival Fashion It goes with jeans. It goes with shorts. It goes with short skirts and long skirts without making you look like a toddler or a nun. It goes under a jacket, and if you’re really lucky, over a bra. It’s the master key to unlock your wardrobe’s true potential. And it’s really shitting hard to find.In theory, it should be easy. There should be perfect summer tops quite literally all over the shop! I just described the recipe right there in those last three paragraphs high street designers, and by the way, you’re welcome.In reality though, it’s a great white whale in a sea of shapeless smocks and boxy shell tops. The holy grail of your summer wardrobe – along with the perfect cool lightweight jackety cover-up thing (doesn’t exist, it’s a myth) and the perfect ‘just throw it on!’ dress (genuinely I have wasted so many hours of my life I’ll never get back wrestling in and out of potential ‘just throw it on!’ dresses). But the PST is real, and I know because this summer, I found one.I’ve already said too much, because now you’re excited, and I have to break your heart by telling you it’s already sold out. I know, I’m sorry. I’m a big ol’ top tease.It was from Uterqüe, the sexy Spanish brand that’s like Zara for people who have vowed never to go to Zara again. It’s black, fitted, simple but with a sassy scoop neckline and a cross-back that is mercifully still high enough to wear a bra with. It’s made of thick stretchy fabric and endlessly washable. It goes with jeans, and with culottes, and with all my most voluminous frou-frou summer skirts. It’s the summer top of all summer tops. It’s mine, and you can’t have it, soz.But comfort yourself with the knowledge that these elusive unicorns are out there, if you’re pure of heart and prepared to hunt for them. In fact I’ve been lucky enough to know a few PSTs in my life – there was 2013’s black cold-shoulder tee from ASOS which I wore until it developed holes in the armpits, and years before that was a button-down black denim bustier (hahaha, bustier), which was the perfect foil for every full skirt in a twee print that 2009 Primark had to offer. Business up top, party on the bottom. Before that, I think there was a black leotard, which I barely remember but I know my crotch does.Those tops saw me through some tough times, wardrobe-wise. On the days when I wanted to give up and just wear a swimsuit with a sofa throw tied round my waist, they held my hand, made soothing noises and got me out of the door in a proper outfit.So in memory of them, and tribute to my new conquest, here are the best potential PSTs out there this year. Good luck, and may the tops be ever in your favour*.*size.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How To Get To The End Of Summer Without Buying Any More StuffAll I Want In Life Is To Dress Like The Twins From The Parent TrapThis 2000s Dior Instagram Account Is Proof Being Extra Isn’t Anything NewFollow Lauren on Instagram @laurenbravoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's that time of year again - the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is almost upon us.This week in New York Victoria’s Secret have been casting for their upcoming annual fashion show, and thanks to the wonder that is Instagram we have started to get a good idea of who will don their wings and walk the famous runway in November.So far 55 girls have confirmed their appearance in the show with a mix of Angels, seasoned pros and newbies on the line-up. However, noticeably absent from the list is last year’s Insta-gang with Kendall, Gigi, Bella and Joan Smalls yet to confirm their attendance.Here’s a handy cheat sheet of who to look out for...These are the girls who have a year-round contract with Victoria’s Secret, and are guaranteed a spot on the show without casting. On the 2017 list is: Lily Aldridge, Alessandra Ambrosio, Taylor Marie Hill, Elsa Hosk, Martha Hunt, Adriana Lima, Stella Maxwell, Lais Ribeiro, Behati Prinsloo, Sara Sampaio, Josephine Skriver, Romee Strijd, Candice Swanepoel and Jasmine Tookes.Credit: getty An Angel since 2000, the Brazillian beauty is the longest-running model to grace the VS catwalk. The 35-year-old opened the show in 2003, 2007, 2008, 2010 and in 2012, just two months after giving birth to her second child. She has worn the Fantasy Bra three times, in 2008, 2010 and 2014.Credit: getty Lily first walked for Victoria's Secret in 2009, aged 24, and got her Angel wings in 2010. The American model has walked in every show since, and last year she wore the Fireworks Fantasy Bra worth an estimated $2 million.Credit: gettyAn Angel since 2004, this Brazillian model became the spokesmodel for the Victoria's Secret PINK line in 2006. She has worn the fantasy bra in 2012 and 2014, and in 2011 when she was pregnant with her second child she wore the heaviest ever Angel wings (weighing 30 lb).Credit: gettyStella Maxwell is an Irish model raised in New Zealand. She was awarded Victoria's Secret Angel status in 2015.Credit: getty Danish model Josephine Skriver made her Victoria's Secret Fashion Show debut in 2011, and was given Angel wings in 2015.Credit: getty Lais Ribeiro is a Brazillian model who has walked for Victoria's Secret since 2011. During the dress rehearsal for the 2012 show she sprained her ankle and so her outfit was given to Angel Behati Prinsloo. Because of this, the VS producers decided to award Lais with the opportunity to open the Birds of Paradise segment in the 2013 show, and she was given her wings in 2015.Credit: getty Jasmine Tookes, an American model was one of the 11 new faces to join the Victoria's Secret family in 2012, and she became an Angel in 2015.Credit: getty The Brit model will walk in the show for a third time this year.Credit: gettyThe English model and face of Guess debuted on the Victoria's Secret runway in 2016 and is back again this year for round two.Credit: getty The Texas model shot to fame last year when she was plucked from obscurity at an open call and cast in a Michael Kors campaign.Credit: getty The 22-year old Norwegian model has fronted campaigns for H&M, Tory Burch and DSquared, and has walked in shows for Prada, Louis Vuitton and Fendi.Credit: getty The Angolan model is just 18 but has already starred in campaigns for Tom Ford and walked high profile shows for the likes of Givenchy and Lanvin.Credit: getty The Palatine born model became a Victoria Secret's model in 2015, and the youngest one of the runway at the age of 21. Credit: getty Swedish 29-year old model has appeared on The Victoria Secret show since 2011! Credit: getty This will be the 4th time for the American model to appear on the Victoria Secret show. All The Models That Will Walk The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show This Year2of15An Angel since 2000, the Brazillian beauty is the longest-running model to grace the VS catwalk. The 35-year-old opened the show in 2003, 2007, 2008, 2010 and in 2012, just two months after giving birth to her second child. She has worn the Fantasy Bra three times, in 2008, 2010 and 2014.Lily first walked for Victoria's Secret in 2009, aged 24, and got her Angel wings in 2010. The American model has walked in every show since, and last year she wore the Fireworks Fantasy Bra worth an estimated $2 million.An Angel since 2004, this Brazillian model became the spokesmodel for the Victoria's Secret PINK line in 2006. She has worn the fantasy bra in 2012 and 2014, and in 2011 when she was pregnant with her second child she wore the heaviest ever Angel wings (weighing 30 lb).Stella Maxwell is an Irish model raised in New Zealand. She was awarded Victoria's Secret Angel status in 2015.Danish model Josephine Skriver made her Victoria's Secret Fashion Show debut in 2011, and was given Angel wings in 2015.Lais Ribeiro is a Brazillian model who has walked for Victoria's Secret since 2011. During the dress rehearsal for the 2012 show she sprained her ankle and so her outfit was given to Angel Behati Prinsloo. Because of this, the VS producers decided to award Lais with the opportunity to open the Birds of Paradise segment in the 2013 show, and she was given her wings in 2015.Jasmine Tookes, an American model was one of the 11 new faces to join the Victoria's Secret family in 2012, and she became an Angel in 2015.The Brit model will walk in the show for a third time this year.The English model and face of Guess debuted on the Victoria's Secret runway in 2016 and is back again this year for round two.The Texas model shot to fame last year when she was plucked from obscurity at an open call and cast in a Michael Kors campaign.The 22-year old Norwegian model has fronted campaigns for H&M, Tory Burch and DSquared, and has walked in shows for Prada, Louis Vuitton and Fendi.The Angolan model is just 18 but has already starred in campaigns for Tom Ford and walked high profile shows for the likes of Givenchy and Lanvin.The Palatine born model became a Victoria Secret's model in 2015, and the youngest one of the runway at the age of 21. Swedish 29-year old model has appeared on The Victoria Secret show since 2011! This will be the 4th time for the American model to appear on the Victoria Secret show. READ MORE: How The Victoria’s Secret Angels Get In ShapeREAD MORE: How The Victoria’s Secret Angels Get In ShapeREAD MORE: Stella Maxwell: Everything You Need To Know About The Victoria's Secret AngelREAD MORE: Stella Maxwell: Everything You Need To Know About The Victoria's Secret AngelREAD MORE: The Hadid Sisters Will Walk In The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show This YearREAD MORE: The Hadid Sisters Will Walk In The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show This YearWatch Keeping Up with the KardashiansKeeping Up with the Kardashians on HayU now and get one month free trial!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The skate brand is trying to take our money and give it right back to us in the form of an unusable crisp note. What fools they must think we are! If you like your money where you can see it, then you might be keen on Supreme’s new Lucite paperweight that features a floating $100 bill. But, you’ll also be a mug, just saying.In a world where business is conducted via email and shared drives, nothing is more ridiculous – or pointedly wasteful – than a paperweight. But, that hasn’t stopped the street wear label from selling this aptly named ‘Cash Paperweight’ as part of its autumn/winter 2017 collection, which drops on site today. With the company giving little away no one knows if it’s even real cash, or if this is some Monopoly hijinks.This selling ice to an Eskimos behaviour is typical of Supreme. After all, while it may look and act like a skate brand, it’s ostensibly a streetwear label for non-skaters. Mentioned in the same breath as Palace and Stussy, Supreme sells limited edition clothes and accessories for non-skaters who are keen to buy into the ‘cool’ alt aesthetic of legitimate skate brands without actually having to learn how to ollie.Supreme was founded in 1994 by a Brit called James Jebbia who (fun fact was an actor in Grange Hill in a previous life) was never a skater himself. As he told Interview Magazine a few years back, ‘ I’d never skated myself, but I loved the graphics—I really liked the rebelliousness of it.’ In fact, Jebbia was a retail magician who worked with Stussy before going it alone with his first brand Union NYC. Throughout Supreme’s history it’s lifted iconography and imagery from other successful brands to further itself. For instance, its logo references the art work of Diane Kruger, its accent is a nod to French space age designer André Courrèges, and it’s famed advertisements like it’s Kate Moss imprint, which was stolen from Calvin Klein. No wonder, the company has had numerous cease-and-desist orders, even its recent collaborator Louis Vuitton filed for one back in 2000 are a line of skateboards they produced used the LV logo without permission.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was only after re-watching Passport to Paris that I noticed just what a truly special piece of cinema it is. Like most 20-somethings my age, I grew up on a diet of Sabrina The Teenage Witch and straight-to-VHS films starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, but I didn’t realise until now how much impact they had on my generation.Though the Olsen’s have gone on to find legitimacy within the fashion community through their lines The Row and Elisabeth James, their sartorial journey begins way back when and, Passport to Paris is proof of that. In this work of art, they take on more '90s trends than Bella Hadid and show an inspiring ability to be Instagrammable at all times years before the platform even existed.The film features MK and Ashley as 13-year-old twins Mellanie and Alysson Porter who are sent off to Paris to get culture but instead end of finding the romance, a supermodel and unadulterated high jinks. They do this while wearing accessories Bella Hadid would be jealous of, like micro sunglasses, chokers and crystal hair slides.Even an amateur at fashion week knows that to stand out from the crowd, you should coordinate with your best friend (or in this case sister). Seemingly well versed in this art form, they’re wearing complimentary spaghetti strap tops and similar, but not the same, hairstyles. Think complimentary, not copycat. Personality, but a peer pressure pawn.Cut it out, take it to the hairdressers because of this balayage goals.There was a time in the late ‘90s when you couldn’t move in a school corridor without getting whacked by the backswing of a single strap rucksack. I blame Sporty Spice for the sales spike in this cross body trend, but to give credit where credit’s due this leather jacket ensemble with matching spaghettis strap tops and backpacks could relaunch it right now.What you see here is two tweens mastering agile working while washing dishes. What could be more fashuunn than Girlbossing it before Sophia Amoruso even coined the phrase?Liked this? You might also be interested in:Flashback Friday To Girls' Aloud's Truly Terrible Early Noughties WardrobesRemembering When Britney Spears Defined 2002 In Crossroads The Return Of Cowboy Boots, And 5 Other 2000s Trends That Are Ripe For A ComebackFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I don’t like to talk about a woman’s looks first, but Georgia May Jagger is intimidatingly beautiful and likes to keep eye-contact when talking. I discovered this while having a morning coffee with the scion of Mick Jagger and Jerry Hall this morning.We were ostensibly there to discuss her new fashion line that’s in partnership with LA-label Volcom. She’s really proud of it and described it as aesthetically a mix between Stranger Things ‘80s fashion and the Harlem Globe Trotter’s basketball outfits in the ‘70s. ‘I have always felt I’m quite girly and a tomboy at the same time, so I wanted the collection to represent that I like to wear boys clothes and skate brands,’ she said right before we veered off topic. Launching my collection for Volcom @topshop this morning! ❤️@volcomwomens #VOLCOMXGMJA post shared by  Georgia May Jagger (@georgiamayjagger) on Aug 24, 2017 at 1:31am PDTWhile perched in a personal shopping room at Topshop Oxford Circus, where her line will be stocked, she revealed what that her most treasured possession is a leather jacket she found on Portobello Road for £50 when she was 15. However, it’s a very specific, very personal white dress that she’s got a hankering for. And, before you say it, no it’s not a bridal gown.‘At Suki’s birthday last year she wore this white dress that I haven’t seen since like 2008 and I was like, "Dude, you’re wearing my dress"’, she says gesticulating, ‘Me and my sister got matching ones and I literally haven’t seen it since the month I bought it. And, here she was just wearing it for her birthday and she was like, "What do you mean this is my party dress? I’ve been wondering where it came from"'. Keen to get back this precious item she confronted Suki recently, ‘so I was talking to her the other day about that and I was like, "Can I have that back? I think that is time." Suki, if you’re reading, which I doubt you are, can Georgia have her dress back?" Hey guys! I'm having a party to celebrate my new collection for @volcomwomens #VOLCOMxGMJ in Los Angeles, June 14th! Hope you can make it 🖤 Details: volcom.com/gmjla #GMJLAA post shared by  Georgia May Jagger (@georgiamayjagger) on May 27, 2017 at 12:04am PDTThough Jagger may have had good taste in dresses nearly a decade ago, she hasn’t always been the sharp dresser she is today. (Written without judgement, as we’ve all been there), Georgia went through an Avril Lavigne phase. ‘I was quite funny as a teen. I would wear loads of checkerboard print, black and white, loads of neon lime green. I had neon lime green tiger print jeans and a fishnet top, which was my like sexy outfit when I was 14.’After working on her collection of swimwear and separates, which are priced at £35-£80, the model excitedly divulged her new-ish obsession with tidying Queen Mary Kondo. ‘My wardrobe is really over flowing,’ she sighed, ‘I was on a good roll after I read this Japanese book about tidying that I hoped would make me really Zen because I’m a hoarder. But, then I got two puppies and I just gave up completely on my Zen mission.’Before her new pets got in the way she was doing quite well. ‘I got rid of three bags of stuff,’ she proudly stated with a smirk, ‘Even though it’s a bit mental, I was doing that thing she says where you have to talk to all your clothes and be like, ‘hey guys, I’ve got to many of you, goodbye’. Rather than giving up on her mission completely Georgia found a new philosophy, which is giving pieces away to people you know who love them rather than just throwing out items for the sake of it. For instance, a recent companion was gifted an Isabel Marant jacket, which she loved but in real terms didn’t actually need. Yet another incentive to become this Jagger’s best mate.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It seems like we just can’t get enough of 90’s nostalgia at the moment, with all our old favs coming out of the woodwork (shout-out to the Juicy Tracksuit!) And now, with her usual spot-on timing, Jennifer Aniston has let us in on the exact brand of lipstick she wore on the set of Friends – everyone’s favourite time machine to the pre-internet age.Speaking to Glamour about 90’s fashion fads, Jen said the one she would scrap forever would be “Tiny sunglasses. I just think they’re ridiculous. I’m not a fan of those little tiny spectacles; I’m a fan of classic sunglasses. That was very ’90s, wasn’t it? When you would see those little tiny frames, those were brought back from the John Lennon days. They’re always sort of regurgitating trends. How about MAC’s Paramount lipstick? It was a browny brick. I remember that was my go-to colour when I was doing Friends.”WATCH: How To Get The Perfect Brow She was always the most stylish Friend, and one of a very select few celebrities who wore a hairstyle so iconic it took their name (and “The Rachel” was clearly way better than the “Justin Bieber” or the "Posh Spice bob”). No wonder, then, that this tip from Jen has set the internet ablaze. She might have said it as an afterthought, but for us 90’s enthusiasts, it’s very important.So, while I slyly put my small-framed sunglasses back in their drawer (one day!) you guys should head over to MAC’s website, where Jen’s favourite is STILL available and can be yours in just a few clicks. It’s a subtle-yet-bold reddish-brown satin lipstick, and costs just £16.50 (meanwhile the “Rachel” will reportedly set you back $600).via GIPHYLike This? Then You Might Also Be Interested In: There's New Crazy Theory About Rachel From FriendsJennifer Aniston "Can't Help" But Watch Friends Re-Runs And  Neither Can We TBHThis MAC Lipstick Changes Colour Depending On Your Mood. Magic.Follow Miranda On Twitter @mirandakate14This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you keep up with the gossip columns, then you’ll know the Kardashian's have shown their long-term stylist Monica Rose the door. Rumors swirled about why while the internet settled on one specific story that accuses Rose, who also works with Chrissy Teigen and Chanel Iman, of stealing from the sisters. With Rose out, a new era has dawned for the Kardashian-Jenners, and with it, a host of new stylists have been given a chance to dress America’s most famous fam. So, if you’ve noticed anything different recently that’s why.Everything Kim and her sisters wear is watched and commented on, so you’d think it would be a full-time job getting them ready. But, that’s not the case. The army of stylists that dress them do so while tending to the needs of other famous clients. Quay x Kylie | @quayaustralia 😎 @sashasamsonova  @tokyostylez  @makeupbyariel  Styled #ByJillJacobsA post shared by  JILL JACOBS (@jilljacobsstudio) on Jul 16, 2017 at 3:44pm PDT Desi x Quay | @desiperkins @adamrindy @sienree  Jacket- @danielpatrick_  Top and Pant- @p.e.nation  Shoe- @kendallandkylie  Eye- @quayaustralia  Styled- #ByJillJacobsA post shared by  JILL JACOBS (@jilljacobsstudio) on Jun 5, 2017 at 9:47pm PDTThough it’s unsurprising that Khloe shares Kylie’s dresser, Jill Jacobs, who used to assist Rose, it’s interesting that Jacobs also works with Vlogger Desi Perkins. The YouTube star is best known for recreating the make-up looks of famous people like Taylor Swift, Jennifer Lopez and, notably, Kylie Jenner. NewYorkSummerFridays ....... @kendalljenner 's VintageEyeIsTruly2ndToNone !!! .......................................................Grazie4FindingAndMakingTheFitsFit @acidwasht @crisrockzit @ranchotailors ..... GuestAsstStylist @chloemilletttA post shared by  marnixmarni (@marnixmarni) on Aug 6, 2017 at 8:34pm PDT AndThatsHowYaMakeLemonade! ...Word! WorkHardAndTrustItWillAllMakeSense! Congrats! SBBSR!A post shared by  marnixmarni (@marnixmarni) on Jul 14, 2017 at 1:51am PDTWhile Kendall has suffered from her fair share of flack over the past year, it’s never been because of what she wears. With the help of Marni Senofonte, who also works with Lauren Hill, this Jenner has taken her style status to the next level. Jenner’s sartorial transformation isn’t the only credit to Marni’s name as she famously works with Beyonce. Marni’s played a substantial hand in Bey’s image in 'Lemonade', on her subsequent tours and with her recent Instagram art project. So, don’t be surprised if Bey and Kendall are seen wearing the same shoes or accessories from now on. givin looks and taking names. KOURTNEY at LAX. #danimichellestyle #kourtneykardashianA post shared by  Dani Michelle (@danixmichelle) on Aug 3, 2017 at 1:26pm PDTThough the oldest sibling, Kourtney shares her stylist, Dani  Michelle, with 18-year-old Amanda Steele. Since switching creative teams to work with Michelle, Kourtney’s look has transformed into something cooler and edgier, integrating more streetwear, vintage and ‘90s staples like crop tops and Juicy. New work:  Kim x Vintage VersaceA post shared by  Simone Harouche (@simoneharouche) on Apr 21, 2017 at 3:34pm PDTOf all the sisters Kim has probably undergone the most significant style transformation since ditching Rose a few years before her sisters followed suit. She’s binned all the teetering platform stilettos waist cinching dresses of her earlier years and is now rarely seen out of avant-grade vintage. With the help of Christina Aguilera’s ex-stylist, Simone Harouche, who’s also worked with Gigi Hadid, Chloe Moretz, Miley Cyrus and Nicole Richie, Kim has found respect in the highest echelons of the style community. Work - @gigihadid x @Penshoppe ⭐️ hair: @jenatkinhair makeup: @patrickta photos: @cliffwattsA post shared by  Simone Harouche (@simoneharouche) on Apr 21, 2017 at 1:32pm PDTLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)graziadaily.co.uk redirected you too many times.nullAd is loading...Whether they got it down Camden market for a tenner or found one on eBay, anyone worth their weight in navel gazing rock’n’roll has owned a Sonic Youth t-shirt at some point in their life. Who needs Kevin Bacon’s seven degrees of separation, because this top is the bridge between Alexa Chung and Kristen Stewart, the equalizer of Ben Affleck and Chloe Sevigny. Lucky for us fans, the band’s co-founder, Kim Gordon, has teamed up with & Other Stories for a new collection, which, in other words, means more iconic t-shirts will be dropping soon.Writer, artist, musician and first-gen slashie Gordon was inspired by daughter Coco Gordon Moore whom she happened to enlist to model the collection. The limited edition collection is graphic, bold and man-repelling. There are hoodies painted with the words ‘The End’, and long-sleeve tops scrawled with ‘morning mirror’ in Kim’s handwriting along with jumpers and tees patterned in abstract paint washes. The range, which is mostly separated, is designed to be layered and worn loose. Oversized sweats have been designed to sit over floral dresses, and slinky camis are desexualised by being style with oversized t-shirts. This is not a collection of anyone who likes to show skin.‘Dealing with the structured shapes of t-shirts and hoodies in this collection was almost like working with empty canvases. I decided to do pronouns because I like the idea of a word and the sense of drama surrounding it. Thinking of a word can create an atmosphere, and there’s a certain mystery about it. The screen printing makes the pieces feel more crafted and one-of-a- kind. Especially the abstract prints, they almost look tie-dyed, but more like art in a way. I like contrasts and when something unexpectedly is looking glam. Today, I think women can curate their environment by what they wear,’ says Kim Gordon.Get your hands on this too cool collab on the 31st August when it hits stores.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forgive us for the temptation, because we can’t help but show you how gorgeous H&M is right now. Between the printed midi dresses and thick, colourful knits, it’s a Pandora’s Box of shopping. They’re selling come hither coats and alluring flats, enticing accessories and seductive t-shirts at prices that don’t make us wince. Whether you wait to payday or splurge now, these are the 11 items that you shouldn’t leave the store without.Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Things To Ask Your Mum To Buy You From M&S Next Time You Go Home16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemIf You Love Ganni, You’ll Love These 11 Pieces From GestuzFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From poolside sell-outs to wardrobe staples, this month's top picks has the best buys from the high street as well as investment treats you'll keep forever.Embrace your inner French girl in Isabel Marant's leather emerald-green slides. Laid-back luxe at its best.Sandals, £285 from Isabel Marant at Boutique 1Your ear gear doesn't have to match this season. Mix it up with these architectural high-street hitters.Earrings, £10 from ASOSThis look has got our style ed running to the nearest & Other Stories. The perfect boyfriend blazer + a dressed-down leather miniskirt = the coolest combo for this fickle weather.Blazer, £155 from & Other Stories, Jumper, £59 from & Other Stories, Skirt, £165 from & Other Stories, and Boots, £125, from & Other StoriesYour classic plaid shirt just got elevated with oversize ties and contrasting colours. We want in.Top, £490 from J.W.AndersonInspired by the design principles of Bauhaus, NEOUS needs to be on your radar. These clean-lined pumps are an essential addition to your shoe-drobe.Shoes, £390 from NeousInstagram sensation Maison Labiche has branched out from its signature cute tees to neatly cut off-duty denim. Wear these with a Breton top and Converse to channel your inner Parisienne.Jeans, £120 from Maison LabicheCheck out the rest of the shopping picks in the gallery belowGucci trainers, £690 from matchesfashion.comClassic kicks just got Guccified. In pink velvet, bejewelled trainers aren't the most practical style - but sensible shoes are overrated anyway.Shopping Edit August - Grazia2of16Gucci trainers, £690 from matchesfashion.comClassic kicks just got Guccified. In pink velvet, bejewelled trainers aren't the most practical style - but sensible shoes are overrated anyway.Hunza G red bikini, £120Did you know Hunza G was responsible for that dress Julia Roberts wore in Pretty Woman? Here, it's equally va-va-voom swimwear. We love.Striped Blouse, £30 from Miss SelfridgeYour work shirt just got a modern rethink courtesy of Miss Selfridge. Team with tailored black trousers and block heels for the 9-to-5, or with white denim and summer sandals come the weekend.Self-Portrait Crochet Skirt, £260 from Net-a-PorterWe think we've found the perfect holiday skirt - imagine this... glowing skin, white tee and tan sandals. Yes, we are totally sold.Bardot Top, £69 from CoastBring out your Bardot shoulders! Pair with wide-leg tilored trousers, sleek heels and chandelier earrings for an on-trend evening look.Bucket Bag, £600 from Meli MeloOlivia Palermo has teamed up with luxury accessory brand Meli Melo to create an eye-catching bag to elevate any outfit. Do. Not. Scuff.Three Balls Wood Earrings, £240 from Vanda JacinthoGlammed-up gap-year jewellery is having a moment (see: shell necklaces). Wear these wooden ball drop earrings with fine knitwear and tailored trousers to get a headstart on the new season.Striped Suit, all from MangoFinding a summer suit can be challenging at best. Enter this Mango Violeta suit (AKA the answer to our August workwear prayers). Lightweight, laid-back and seriously chic, team with a classic tee and backless loafers for a modern take on workwear.Velvet Slingback Shoes, £49.99 from MangoKitten heels are your shortcut to ladylike elegance. Mango's version come in so-now velvet. We'll take a pair in every colour, please.Raey Shrunken Tumbled Leather Biker Jacket, £795 from matchesfashion.comNo, it's not too soon to invest in a jacket. Yes, we need Raey's perfect leather biker. A wear-forever piece.Rhinestone Drop Earrings, £20 from TopshopDon't be afraid to dazzle for days. We'll be wearing these outfit elevators with, well, everything!Maggie Marilyn Cutout Pinstriped Cotton Shirt, £636 from Boutique1A name for your fashion radar: Maggie Marilyn. Relaxed pieces with feminine accents are the Kiwi designer's signature.Leclair Satin Skirt, £225 from GanniWe've spied Ganni's silky midi on all of our Insta girl crushes, from Pernille Teisbaek to Leandra Medine. Simple, yet statement: double tap.Faux Fur Bejewelled Slides, £39.99 from ZaraDress like the 'fun you' in Zara's fluffy, crystal-embellished slippers. More is more, ladies.Hampson Shearling Tote, £249 from WhistlesBe smug, get your autumn accessories sorted. This chic shearling tote is our fave - and feels as good as it looks.A classic pair of blue jeans with luxe mustard seams should take residence in your wardrobe. SELFNATION let's you tailor-make your jeans so that they fit to perfection, too.Light Venice tailor-made jeans, from £169, SELFNATIONREAD MORE: What Our Shopping Editor Is Buying This Month: April EditionREAD MORE: The 8 Items That Will Revive Your Spring WardrobeREAD MORE: The Secret Zara Section You Probably Never Knew ExistedREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a post-Trump America fashion is no longer just about the aesthetic but the political too. At New York fashion week back in February the ‘it’ accessory of choice was a pink badge - worn to show support for Planned Parenthood - and this season we forecast another politically charged piece to have its moment: the new Raf Simons’ tote bag.Part of Raf Simons debut collection from his eponymous label, the bag comes emblazoned with an abstract version of the american flag and the words ‘Any Way Out of This Nightmare?' Either worn cross-body or slung over the shoulder, this 100% cotton black tote bag is distinctly different to your classic ‘it’ bag contender.WATCH NOW: Haute Couture Fashion WeekThe same motif was spotted on the catwalk back in February when the ex-Dior and current Calvin Klein designer chose to dedicate his first solo collection to the city of New York. Complete with ‘I heart New York’ knits and sashes, the AW17 collection was inspired by the Belgium-born designer’s experience as an immigrant in the Big Apple.Similarly, Raf Simons’ first collection for Calvin Klein made a subtle nod to political protest with models walking down the catwalk to David Bowie’s This Is Not America. The show notes also emphasised the designer’s aim to depict the ‘unique beauty and emotion of America’ in the ‘coming together of different characters and different individuals’.Other designers to embrace activism since Trump was elected into the White House include Creatures of Comfort, Prabal Gurung and LRS.READ MORE: You Might Not Have Realised, But Everyone’s Wearing KhaiteREAD MORE: Your Need To Know On Topshop's New Director, David HagglundREAD MORE: The Unexpected Trouser Shape Everyone’s Searching For Right Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every so often a cult fashion label launches, not with fireworks and a fashion show, but with Chinese whispers. It happened to Staud, Reformation and Réalisation Par and just look where they are now! This time it's US ready-to-wear line Khaite that's emerging from under the cloak of gossip to become this season’s buzz brand.WATCH: Victoria's Secret: The Most Show Stopping LooksSelena Gomez, who seemingly treats every day like a fashion show, debuted a head-to-toe Khaite look in Hollywood this weekend. She wore a scarlet midi skirt, and black skin-slick knit top with a square neckline. It perfectly summed up the label, which is also coveted by Brit Marling, Lily Aldridge and Caroline de Maigret.Photo: @khaite_nyKhaite, which launched less than a year ago in the fall of ’16, has a simple philosophy: make and sell wearable separates. The line's designer Cate Holstein calls on great American heroines for reference, which means a look through their rails reads like tour of Annie Hall, Jacqueline Kennedy and Katherine Hepburn’s wardrobes. For autumn Khaithe’s designer, Holstein has created a collection of Diane Keaton suits, voluminous knits, plush velvet and cardigans, as well as jeans, which are a lynchpin of the labels perennial offering. As a devotee of denim, Holstein has previously told the New York Times of the years she spent pursuing the perfect pair. Unable to find her dream fit, Holstein decided to make her own. She used classic shapes as guide, but updated them to flatter with higher waistlines or more stretch. The results are timeless and comfortable.Though Gomez and Aldridge’s personal styles couldn’t be further apart, Khaite’s understated polished separates act as a chic bridge for the two women. Maybe, it’s because the line is grounded in clean-cut basics, which let's be honest, this is something nobody, not even us, can ever get enough.READ MORE: The Unexpected Trouser Shape Everyone’s Searching For Right NowREAD MORE: Sorry You Missed The Boat, The IT Shoe Of The Season Has Already Sold Out© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s no question that a skirt that you can wear for day or play is a valuable player in every wardrobe. An interesting skirt can be an antidote for a boring, old top, it can be an elevator of a cheap throwaway trend and it can shift a season-less item into something up-to-date. Regardless of whether you spend a small fortune or pocket change, now is the time to invest in a statement skirt so that you can get started cracking its cost-per-wear algorithm before Autumn gets underway. A special shout out goes to Mango who have managed to make a sequin skirt look acceptable before the watershed and Warehouse who’ve transformed a tricky on-trend print into something you’ll want to wear forever. Drop everything and run before these 16 skirts sell out…Liked this? You might also be interested in:11 Things To Ask Your Mum To Buy You From M&S Next Time You Go Home16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemIf You Love Ganni, You’ll Love These 11 Pieces From GestuzFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...All in the name of fashion, we tried on all of the new season pieces from Missguided, so that you don't have to.Ah, Missguided. My go-to store for all of my clothing necessities. You can often find me trawling through their website during my lunch-break, and I can admit that I spend most of my hard-earned wages on their stuff. So, naturally, when the opportunity arose to try on all of their new season collection, I jumped at it. Like, LEAPED out of my chair. And now I have six new outfits to show you all (hi mum, if you're reading this)...Green balloon sleeve bardot top, £25, Missguided; Blue lace up denim skirt, £25, Missguided.Cinderella, come at me, hun. I'm sure you'll agree that this green puff sleeve top is the modern day version of Cinders' bouffant ballgown. The oversized sleeves, the off-the-shoulder style - it's all very princess-worthy. And, paired with some strappy heels and a stylish denim skirt, I definitely feel like I've embarked on a rags-to-riches makeover. Now, where's my Prince Charming? Jk, I don't need no man. I'm a strong, independent woman.Kick flared trousers, £20, Missguided; Black patent faux leather biker jacket, £45, Missguided; White oversized printed t-shirt dress, £18, Missguided.I must admit, I'm not usually a flared trouser-wearer (they make me look frumpy and I feel like I have weird alien legs whenever I attempt to wear them). But, having said that, these ones from Missguided have miraculously won me over. They're figure-hugging, chic, and pair oh-so-well with a black latex jacket and casual white tee. And FYI, they fit like a glove on the bottom area. My derrière looked as if it had been put through the paces of 10,000 squats (it hadn't).Gold metallic knitted jumper, £28, Missguided; Grey checked blazer, £38, Missguided.Although I feel a tad naked on top, I'm really feeling this sheer t-shirt. It's sexy, it's light-weight, and most importantly, it's NICE AND BREEZY. Perfect for all of them big nights out on the town where you have good intentions of going to a garden pub, but then end up in a packed, stuffy, underground bar. So long, sweat patches. Hello, fresh-to-death pits.Floral print strappy scuba mini dress, £15, Missguided; White ruched sleeve sweatshirt, £20, Missguided.British summertime may be unofficially over, but that's not going to stop me from wearing all of the floral print. To keep me feeling a little more warm in this ghastly weather, I layered this bodycon dress over a white puff-ball sleeve sweatshirt. And I felt like a right bloody queen. It's something about the sleeves, they're very regal.Black heart nipple printed t-shirt, £10, Missguided; Red faux suede studded mini skirt, £28, Missguided.I love me a good cheeky boob tee. Wear them with jeans, skirts, shorts, you name it: they go with everything. In this instance, I paired mine with a red studded skirt (which I'm totally in love with), and some understated kitten heels. Yes, kitten heels, people. I never thought the day would come when I put on a pair of these bad boys. BUT, with a pair as chic as these, I think I'm a convert. Trust me: don't knock 'em until you've tried 'em - they're really rather comfy.Black Faux Leather Buckle Detail Mini Skirt, £35, Missguided; **Red Extreme Slogan Trim Cropped Sweatshirt, £20, Missguided My daily problem in life is deciding whether to dress stylish or comfy for work. I mean, I always want to look on-point, but my desire to feel comfortable usually prevails. In fact, there have been a few occasions where I've received odd looks from colleagues due to my overtly casual work outfit. But, I feel like I've found the happy medium with this sporty outfit: a comfy jumper, a knee-length leather skirt, and some kick-ass trainers? Perf.Like this? You might also be interested in:We Tried On Everything From Urban Outfitters That Reminded Us Of The '90sIf You Love Ganni, You'll Love These 11 Pieces From Gestuz16 Winter Coats So Good They Will Be Sold Out By The Time You Want To Wear ThemFollow Arianna on Twitter @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...More than skinny jeans, or even mom jeans, the hype around flares comes and goes in a flash. As the buzz fizzles out we're inevitably left with three pairs of wide-leg trousers in our cupboard that the catwalks look down on. (Said while sending side-eye Topshop’s clear plastic trousers), fashion may have moved on to a new faddish shape, but our bank balance hasn’t. To ensure we get to that cost-per-wear sweet spot we’ve uncovered four ways to wear them this season that you wouldn’t have thought of before. Arm yourself with a sweater and a critical eye and lets deep dive into fashion-forward ways to wear flares…. When the world's gone mad, Trump won't stop tweeting, and you have nothing left to give. But at least your outfit is cute🎯 thanks to 👕@maggiemarilyn 👖@marques_almeida #outheresearchingforthesilverliningA post shared by  Elaine Welteroth (@elainewelteroth) on Jul 28, 2017 at 1:06pm PDTThis season shirts get shirty and demand attention. They’ve gone sheer, and they’ve upped their frill-factor to create a look that insists on being noticed. Add the elegant swathe of a flare’s full fabric, and you’ll have a nice counterbalance to the top-heavy trend. In the moment 💛A post shared by  Olivia Smith (@asos_olive) on Apr 29, 2017 at 11:42am PDTInvoke the power of the clash and match the eccentricity of your outfit to the width of your trouser leg. Channel Olive who wore her stripey flares with a vintage-look letterman jacket, a cut-out crop top and Converse sneakers. With her flash of blorange hair, it may be the definition of man repelling, but it’s compelling to us. FOOD FRICK FUNA post shared by  barbie ferreira (@barbieferreira) on Jul 13, 2017 at 9:28pm PDT…and you’re the star of Coyote Ugly. Add a bandana top, hoop earrings and heeled boots and you’ll have the Noughties nostalgia aesthetic on lock down. For a less tummy-exposed alternative, swap the handkerchief going out top for a spaghetti strap vest, and it’ll have the same effect. Trust us. Summer knits for dinner last night | Happy Friday... 🌈A post shared by  Laura Jackson (@iamlaurajackson) on Jun 29, 2017 at 11:44pm PDTLaura Jackson added an oversized cream Ganni sweater to her Baum Und Pferdgarten striped flares, and instantly they felt fresh. Why? She picked one colour and ran with it. Her creamy outfit may require a stain-remover on hand at all times, but it also introduces her kicked-out hems to a whole new season of wearability. Applause.Liked this? You might also be interested in:6 Ways To Get More Life Out Of Your Stan Smiths Adidas9 Ways To Rock Mom Jeans That Will Make You Want To Buy All The Mom Jeans9 Ways Not To Feel Naked On The BeachFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There used to be this joke in fashion that you could spot a French Vogue staffer a mile off because they’d be the one dressed head-to-toe in black. But, since the dawn of street style photographers, their Instagram feeds and the rise of the #selfie this has all changed. Now, dressing to get noticed is in and wearing subtle, subdued clothes is well and truly out. This is a $paid$ post: It is like, 65 degrees in New York today, which isn't terrible because I get to dress like the fashion version of Willy Wonka in @bally. #HappyBallyMonday #BallyonMadison #ByeA post shared by  Leandra (Medine) Cohen (@leandramcohen) on Jul 24, 2017 at 4:04pm PDTCourtesy of social media, fashion is a 24/7 business that evolves and sells with every double tap. ‘Acting as a digital megaphone, Instagram’s eager global audience creates and amplifies fashion trends,’ Nicole Barclay, Global Head of Social at Net-a-Porter recently shared. And, she’s right, a trend can live and die on the ‘gram.Take Saint Laurent’s autumn winter 17 Niki Swarovski studded boots for instance. They were defined as Insta-bait the second they walked the runways and sold out as soon as they hit Net-A-Porter regardless of the fact they came with a £6,855 price tag. Why? Because they were attention grabbing, new, shiny and fashion editor’s are Magpies who are keen to hook a trend on anything that photographs well. And, everyone knows shiny crystals shoot like a dream.In the days before Instagram, brands had to work harder to get in front of their shoppers. They needed to buy advertising slots, to hack the internet's billboards and to dress celebrities. But, since the dawn of the ‘gram, they have a host of so-called influencers who will happily and readily wear their pieces with little more than a please, thank you and a bank transfer. Now, fashion and the ‘gram are intimately related. The social media site attracted over 42,000,000 people who created 83,000,000 interactions related to either New York, London, Milan or Paris Fashion Week between 10th February and 9th March 2016.‘Instagram has definitely had an effect on what people wear, particularly at the younger end of the market’, confides Sara Maggioni, trend-spotting agency WGSN’s Director of Retail & Buying. While black remains the top colour across shopping categories, it’s matched by print and bold shades like pink. Maggioni thinks this, ‘means the customer is definitely embracing pattern and bold colours a lot more than in the past.’ This is a sentiment echoed by Instagram themselves, Eva Caiden, Head of Emerging Trends for the social site in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, explains: 'Over the years we’ve seen trends like pom-poms and slogan t-shirts really catch fire on Instagram and we often see that looks that start on Instagram quickly become mainstream. Because our community is global it also means that people are able to follow and be exposed to a diversity of looks – different body types, skin colours, hair types, ages. Instagram allows each person to craft their own ideal of what fashion and beauty can be - that’s a powerful thing.' Bodak Yellow ⚡️A post shared by  Felicity (@felicityhayward) on Aug 4, 2017 at 4:09am PDTThe astronomic rise in popularity of Millennial Pink is a clear example of Insta’s influence. WGSN calculated that its presence in fashion, store design, packaging and marketing has increased 24.4% year on year in the UK, with roughly the same response in the US. The fetishizing of this shade of salmon pink may resonate with the amplification of the gender fluidity debate, but it also happens to look attractive when photographed. The colour shoots just as well under the harsh lights of a studio as in the hazy glow of a bedroom. like freshly cut 🌱A post shared by  𝕟𝕒𝕠𝕞𝕚 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕞𝕒𝕕𝕒 (@naomishimada) on Jul 25, 2017 at 7:50am PDTPhotographer Marco Vittur explains, ‘I always advise people before a sitting to avoid wearing white and black if possible, as colours and large patterns show more personality and a pinch of courage. But, more than that print and colour is more eye-catching for a viewer flicking through a magazine or scrolling through Instagram. Black and blocks of dark colour can photograph quite flat.’ Maggioni echoes Marco, adding, ‘a lot of retailers (and luxury designers) are now keeping Instagram in mind when designing: if a piece is Instagrammable, essentially you get free publicity and sell more (most of the times, although that’s not always the case, especially at luxury level), so it makes sense. And it makes sense that people buy more “Instagrammable” product because it looks good in pictures.’This explains the popularity of the bold, eccentric designs of Gucci. In Alessandro Michele’s hands, the label has become an ode to maximalism, it’s directional with a more-is-more acceptance of print, unusual colour combinations and heaps of embellishment and embroidery. ‘You could also say that the reason why the Gucci look took off in such a big way is also because it’s so “Instagrammable”’, rationalises Maggioni.Everyone knows Instagram is not reality, that it’s life seen through an edited filter. While ‘gram-friendly clothes may be selling well and the discovery of young designers has never been easier, what’s happening on social media is only a refracted reflection of real life. In fact, traditional items, like navy winter coats, jeans, basic jersey items and block coloured knitwear still sells well. Yes, people want to dress to impress, but that’s only for photos. Though social media may have disrupted the clothing market, not everyone is documenting their every move on Instagram, which means, thankfully the market for plain coloured basics and classic denim isn’t going anywhere fast!Graphs courtesy of WGSNLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Camel toe is the problem everyone is too polite to talk about. And, rightfully so. I would dread someone coming up to me and saying, ‘fix yourself’. However, that hasn’t stopped the internet creating an entirely pointless and possibly painful preventative product.Called the Beachtail, it’s the bikini trend that no one wants. Essentially, this anti-camel toe tool is a piece of weighted chain that has two Swarovski crystals attached that dangle between the wearer's legs. It’s available in multiple colours on eBay, Amazon and Etsy from Japanese company BoDiva that describes them as ‘sexy charm for bikini crotch’ – grammar all their own. In theory, it should weigh down one's bottoms to prevent any wanton wedgies. However, these crotch charms just look expensive and uncomfortable.Naturally, when any new-fangled women’s only product comes on the market, we have a few questions. Most pertinent is: whyyyy? Quickly followed by, ‘won’t it be cold to have metal down there’? We’d also like to know how it’s weighted evenly so you don’t just end up with a rather revealing bunched up crotch? And, if you’re wearing bikini bottoms, can they take the weight? Let’s not even get started on swimming in one. Imagine if a wave comes crashing towards you, will you be dragged under? Also, these charms are heavily reliant on the wearer having substantial thigh gap-age, does this mean anyone who dares to have an ounce of leg chub will have to contend with crystal chaffing and indentations? I’m curious, is this mean to be sexy in some way? Because, if you ask me, the problem – if any – with camel toes is how explicit they are, so does this not drag more attention to the area? And, with that, we’re out. BoDiva, we await your response.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yesterday Topshop announced the appointment of David Hagglund in the newly created position of 'Creative Director' across both Topshop and Topman.Hagglund with replace Topshop's Creative Director Kate Phelan, and Topman's head creative Gordon Richardson, who have been at the company 6 years and 17 years respectively. The major shake up follows last month's hiring of Paul Price, previously merchandising officer at Burberry, to head up both the brands as chief executive, and Baroness Karren Brady's employment as the company's new Chairman.Haggland currently runs a Stockholm based Creative Agency, Studio David Hagglund, who provide 'branding, creative direction, advertising and content creation for clients in the field of fashion and retail'.Previous clients include H&M (the agency worked on H&M's 2017 global summer campaign), and Hugo Boss. Prior to running his own agency, Haggland was also the Art Director at Vogue Paris.WATCH NOW: The world's highest paid supermodelsTapping a Scandinavian for the top job is a smart move from Arcadia considering the recent success of Scandi brands in the UK. In the past few years we've seen a flurry of Swedish brands open with great fanfare in the UK including & Other Stories, Arket and Weekday (all owned by H&M), and a growing influence of Scandi brands such as Ganni, Samsoe+Samsoe and Cecile Copenhagen.Haggland's appointment signals a new direction for Topshop and Topman, one that is likely to unify the two brand's even closer together. Unsuprising considering the current shift towards gender fluidity in fashion, and the move towards designers showing their womenswear and menswear collections simultaneously.READ MORE: Ganni Has Redefined The Meaning Of Scandi ChicREAD MORE: The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A Scandi© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over the last year, trousers have undergone a chameleonic makeover. They’ve gone from cropped and flared, to long and voluminous, to wacky and transparent with knee peep-holes. Yet, Pinterest has spotted an unexpected surge in searches of one style that until now has had little air time: the paper bag waist.Bella Hadid and her sister Gigi, along with Kendall Jenner, Sienna Miller and half of Copenhagen Fashion Week's street style brigade have been spotted wearing the sartorial offering.WATCH: The Film Moments That Shaped Fashion HistoryThis trending silhouette is easily recognisable in the wild thanks to its dramatic waistline. In the loosest possible terms, this high-waisted cut with the guidance of a belt, or a drawstring, is meant to resemble a bulging grocery bag. Or, so we assume.Strategically speaking, it’s extremely flattering as it conceals the lower abs with swathes of pleated fabric and draws everyone’s eyes to your cinched waist. But, best of all, it does the heavy lifting, it lets you get away with a basic jersey top or a plain polo neck while still looking like you’re wearing an architecturally interesting outfit. It’s easy to style for day or for play and goes just as well as with a pair of ballet flats as box fresh adidas Gazelles. No wonder, Pinterest has seen a 682% uptick in searches for it.Shop our favourites below.Paper bag trousers, £36, TopshopPaperbag Trousers - Grazia2of6Paper bag trousers, £36, TopshopPaper bag wideleg trousers, £128, JaegarPinstripe paper bag trousers, £32, ASOSPaper bag trousers, £600, SSensePaper bag tweed trousers, £370, Vivienne Westwood Anglomania at Net-A-PorterTwill wide-leg pants, £1010, Brunello Cucinelli at Net-A-PorterREAD MORE: Why The New 'It' Buy Is Not An 'It' BagREAD MORE: 7 Global Super-Brands Set To Shake Up Your Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The year was 1999, and Britney Spears was desperate to do anything she could to shake off her good girl image. Just a few months earlier butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth, but now she’s got more crop tops than Topshop’s festival edit, and she’s taken a tong to her hair (because everyone knows good girls don’t have beach babe waves) and her whole psyche has changed. Though her video may have signalled the dawn of a new Spears era at the time, in the 18 years (f$%!) since it’s debut it’s become an emblem of the ‘90s. On a scale with Spice World* the movie and Tony Blair’s ascent to office, the video is a moment frozen in history.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Flashback Friday To The Cast Of The OC And Their Terrible, Terrible WardrobesFlashback Friday To Girls' Aloud's Truly Terrible Early Noughties WardrobesFlashback Friday To 7 Times That Vintage Christina Aguilera Looked Fan-Flipping-TasticFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve all been there. You see a designer piece you love – with aprice tag you hate. Then you happen to spy a very convincing high-street impression (we’re being diplomatic here). You snap it up.You wear it. You get complimented on how ‘it looks just like Céline/Prada/Saint Laurent/whoever’. You probably think there’s nothing wrong with that. But there is – plenty. We get it, convincing imitations are tempting, but so are lots of things that aren’t good for you.The ethics of knock-off culture are at the forefront of fashion’s mind at the moment. In a week where luxury goods group Kering dropped a lawsuit against Chinese e-commerce platform Alibaba after the latter agreed to cooperate with the fight against counterfeiting,Gucci filed a lawsuit against Forever 21 for allegedly ripping off its ‘famous and iconic bluered- blue and green-red-green stripe webbing trademarks’. The Gucci filing included a motion to dismiss Forever 21’s earlier complaint against a threat of trademark litigation from Gucci and counterclaims of its own for ‘trademarkinfringement, trademark dilution and unfair competition’. Designer handbags at dawn.A fashion behemoth, you might be inclined to think that Gucci is a company that doesn’t need our sympathy and support. However, cases such as this have an important implication for the wider industry – and young designers in particular. Setting up and running a label is an expensive endeavour. Fledgling brands can be seriously, even fatally wounded by cheaper copies of their wares floodingthe high street. We should all care about that – new talent is the lifeblood of the fashion industry at every price point, after all.WATCH NOW: Ten of the best fashion documentariesThe ecosystem of the fashion industry means, of course, that everyone is feeding off one another in some way – but there is a crucial difference between being inspired by something and definitively trying to copy it. Love Gucci’s eclecticism but don’t have thebudget? There are numerous ways to channel that without resorting to watered-down knockoffs of their collections: clash your prints! Shopvintage! Try pearls with a turban and glasses!One of the most compelling arguments in favour of knock-offs tends to be that fashion should be open to all. Why shouldn’t the girlwho has £20 to spend on a top have access to the same heart-flutteringly gorgeous fashions that the woman who has £2,000 to drop on a dress does? The answer is, of course, she should. But the key to swoon-worthy pieces is creativity, not lazy copying.The high street is at its finest when it is nurturing new design talent and bringing a fresh perspective to a crowded market ratherthan watering down other people’s visions and churning out cheap copies. Surely we deserve better than that. The irony is, it’s Gucci’s individuality that has made it so downrightdesirable in the first place. Maybe we should all be striving for a bit more originality – that is, of course, inimitable.READ MORE: The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: 5 Instagram-Approved Ways To Wear A Silk ScarfREAD MORE: Feast Your Eyes On The 10 Most Expensive Dresses Of All Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How does a brand you’ve never heard of pitch up next to the giants of the British high street, with a 2,300 sq ft flagship store on a plumspot of Oxford Street and Kate Moss as the poster girl? Seems pretty audacious for a newcomer. Except this new kid on the block, Reserved, isn’t new at all – you just don’t know about it. Yet.Founded in 1999, Reserved is already the Topshop/Zara/H&M/insert-name-ofyour-favourite-high-street-store in its home country, Poland. Part of the LPP conglomerate, one of the fastest growing fashion chains in Europe, it has over 450 stores in 18 countries. Now, it’s coming to London. Co-founder and CEO Marek Piechocki heralds it as an important move. ‘London is a fashion capital and having a presence in this prestigiouslocation will be another step towards building global recognition of Reserved as a brand and LPP as a company.’Global domination is the goal – but what about the clothes? With collections refreshed every two weeks, Reserved’s affordable, trend-led pieces cater to its customers’demand for new, new, new. It is fashion with a capital F. This season, that means every trend you want to try out: glossy vinyl trousers, retro sports sweaters, romantic lace dresses, modish denim co-ords, sock boots and fluffy slogan stoles. Kate Moss – who not only fronts the new campaign, butwill also open the store on 6 September – exemplifies the cool-girl attitude.If Reserved has whet your appetite for something a little different, then the good news is there’s a slew of other fashion names to discover from across the globe. Think of them not as strangers, butfashionable friends you haven’t met yet.Reserved London, 252 Oxford Street, will be officially opened by Kate Moss at 11am on Wednesday 6 September.The lowdown: The Danish house started life as a jewellery brandin 1993. Still headquartered in Copenhagen’s Nørrebro, it now has40 stand-alone stores and more than 500 retail spaces across 27 countries.Hit it up for:  Off-kilter, easy femininity with a utilitarian ease: languid silk tailoring, bold prints and knits in unexpected shades.How to get it:  Direct from the Samsøe website, it’s also available at ASOS, John Lewis and Nelly.The lowdown: Danish name Envii was founded in 2009, with the intention of filling the ‘sporty/girly look that Scandinavia was missing’. The first store opened in Copenhagen in 2015; now it has 10 stores in Denmark and one in Amsterdam.Hit it up for: Modern Scandi vibes: think relaxed tailoring, retro-style tees and neat knitwear. We’re obsessed with A/W ’17s slouchy check suit and gingham pinafore.How to get it:  Unfortunately Envii does not ship to the UK at the moment – but sources tell us to stay tuned…WATCH NOW: Kate Moss: fashion through the agesThe lowdThe lowdown: own: Part of the giant Inditex group, this Spanish brandwas started in 2001 and has a presence in 44 countries, with over 550 stores worldwide.Hit it up for: Constantly refreshed underwear, beachwear, sleepwear and activewear, alongside staple intimates.How to get it: The Oysho website ships direct to the UK. You canalso find it on ASOS.The lowdown: Created by designer Toton Comella in Barcelona in 1986, TCN began life as a swimwear and lingerie specialist. Now a complete ready-to-wear brand, it has seven stores in Spain, in addition to a presence in more than 100 multi-brand shops.Hit it up for: Classic pieces with a brave, fashion-forward spin. Put this season’s silver slip, shearling jacket and colourful coats on your wish list.How to get it: The TCN e-commerce site just started shipping to the UK and it’s soon to launch with other British retail partners. Good times.The lowdown: Part of the H&M group, Swedish brand Weekday wasfounded by Örjan Andersson and Adam Friberg, and developed out of the cult denim label Cheap Monday. It now has 29 stores in eight markets across Europe.Hit it up for:  A Scandi cool-girl uniform: slouchy hoodies, ’90sstyle slips, super-soft tees and heaps of denim.How to get it: Hooray! This Friday marks the opening of the first British Weekday store, on London’s Regent Street.The lowdown: Forty years old and still going strong, Aussie brandCountry Road is the brainchild of Stephen Bennett. Today it has morethan 50 stores in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. Makingmoves to be Australia’s largest fashion retail group, in 2001 CountryRoad acquired the Witchery Group.Hit it up for: In their words: ‘We’re passionate about creating simply beautiful merchandise designed to reflect an authentically Australian way of life.’ This translates as laid-back Aussie style – think wear-forever classics in a sophisticated neutral palette.How to get it: No need to travel all the way down under; the website ships direct to the UK.READ MORE: The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: 5 Instagram-Approved Ways To Wear A Silk ScarfREAD MORE: Feast Your Eyes On The 10 Most Expensive Dresses Of All Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not so long ago, an It buy meant only one thing: a bag. It could be mini or mighty, pared-back or bedecked in hardware – so long as it came with a prohibitive price tag and daunting wait list, the bag was deemed the one accessory that could elevate your look into a ‘thing.’ All other accessories were just postscript.Until now. According to new data gathered and analysed by website Business of Fashion and search platform Lyst, only one bag (Chloé's seen-on-everyone Nile) made the 10 top-selling pieces of S/S'17. The rest of the chart was dominated by slides, sneakers and that Gucci belt you've likely seen everywhere.Earrings, £210, VersaceAfterthought accessories are enjoying their moment in the limelight, with socks, belts, scarves and even phone cases elevated to It status. 'Vetements socks quite literally sell out within minutes,' says Browns' womenswear accessories buyer Hollie Harding. 'We have noticed strong sales from Saint Laurent, Valentino and Gucci for their logo belts,' echoes Matchesfashion.com's buying director Natalie Kingham.Belt, £240, MoschinoBut why now? You can thank the youth vote. Propelled by the might of Millennial and even Gen-Z consumers (Business of Fashion notes that under-35s are projected to account for 45 percent of total luxury spend by 2025), the new breed of accessory is unapologetically bold and highly Instagrammable.Whereas once designer socks or belts were defined only by a discreet logo, now they're an unmistakable distillation of the house's entire vibe.Trainers, £650, ChanelPrice is, of course, crucial. With the majority of these items coming in at under £500 (and many of them sub-£350), they also fall into a much more attainable price bracket. Expensive, of course, but reasonable compared to a £1,500 bag, or when you think of them as your single seasonal update. What could invigorate the timeless jeans-and-sweater uniform like, say, a pair of Givenchy slides? '[Accessories] give our customers a little hit of Vetements / Miu Miu / Balenciaga at an (almost) sweet price point,' says Harding. 'It's a great way for designers to reach a wider customer base.' In other words? A win-win.READ MORE: Meet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The MomentREAD MORE: We're Heading To This Interiors Site To Buy The Instagram Bag Of The Summer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a fashion editor, I’m always curious about the psychology behind people’s fashion choices. The syntax of a slogan top, the cut of a coat or the colour of a sweater is an insight that can’t be ignored. That a  £25 yellow crop top embroidered with the slogan ‘Only The Strong Survive’ is Urban Outfitter’s best selling item this week really shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone who’s been paying attention.Some slogans drawn of fashion trends, some bring the wearer’s sense of humour in to focus while others make a political point. This lemon t-shirt does all three. While riffing on Vetement’s cult DHL top that’s the same buttercup shade, it allows the wearer to make a statement about themselves and their outlook on life. And, when read in a particular light it can be seen as an empowering political message about staying strong in the face of turmoil. So, no wonder its been a hit with the UO crowd this week of all political weeks.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What goes on behind the hallowed doors of US Vogue is the stuff of legend. Ever since Lauren Weisberger's The Devil Wears Prada a thinly-veiled tell-all about her former life as an assistant to editor-in-chief Anna Wintour - the rumours about what it's like to work there have been endless (and often ridiculous).Now, we're getting even more insight into the famous glossy, but this time it's straight from the horse's mouth. To celebrate Vogue's 125th birthday, the magazine has released a series of digital stickers designed by Jean Jullien about life working for the prestigious title. Included is a cartoon post-it that simply says 'AWOK' - which apparently means 'Anna Wintour OK-ed'.WATCH: Miranda Priestly's Iciest Slights'No writer/editor/stylist/art director ever forgets their first AWOK,' writes Chioma Nnadi, Vogue.com’s fashion news director. 'Seven years later, and I still have that piece of paper—now sun-bleached and dog-eared from age—pinned to my desk like a prize.'But an AWOK is of course no means to be expected. Nnadi goes on to describe the various levels of Wintour's disapproval - including grading work as 'keep trying', 'no', or worst of all, 'boring'. Gulp.READ MORE: The Best Fashion Documentaries You Can Watch On Netflix NowREAD MORE: Anna Wintour's Biggest Rivalry In The '90s To Become A TV Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember the infamous Zara coat? The blue and white printed jacket, priced at £69.99, that garnered worldwide recognition and became an iconic high street fashion piece last year? It even had its own Instagram page (@thatcoat) where pictures of people spotted wearing That Coat were posted, which now has over 8,000 followers.Well, this summer, to rival That Coat, another unsuspecting item from the Spanish fashion giant has captured the attention of women everywhere, and just like That Coat it has an entire Tumblr page dedicated to it: blueofftheshoulderdress.tumblr.com.WATCH: 10 Of The Best Fashion DocumentariesThe blue off-shoulder dress has become something of a cult product. Retailing for just £30, it has now completely sold out and can be seen on women all over the world.The Tumblr website was created by Lulu Krause, a New York based comedian, who started to notice the dress last year. Speaking to Refinery29 she said: ‘I wasn’t actively searching for a project like this – the dress was popping up so frequently that it’s almost like…it chose me.’What started as ‘an inside joke with just [her]self’, turned into game of 'spot the dress' with friends, and has since gone viral. ‘I probably get an average of eight or nine photos from friends every week,’ she explained. ‘These include sightings in Vancouver, Greece, Spain, a lot from Italy, and across the United States.'Other big high street retailers like Mango and ASOS also offer their own versions of this simple dress design, which, according to Lulu isn’t even comfortable to wear. ‘The reason I am so fascinated by this dress in particular is that it’s remarkably constricting,’ she explained. ‘I’d say you lose around 80 percent of your mobility in it – your arms can’t go above 45 degrees without compromising the intended shape of the garment.’Despite its design flaw, the agreed sentiments of Lulu and all the women who have purchased it is that the dress is very flattering and easy to wear in summer (and incredibly well-priced).If it comes back in stock, will you be running to Zara to bag yourself one?READ MORE: This Could Be The Most Famous Zara Dress Of All TimeREAD MORE: Olivia Palermo's Best Zara Outfits Of All Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to an A-list wardrobe it seems the sky really is the limit when it comes to price tag. Getty Images have revealed the ten most expensive dresses of all time, and even the cheapest would take a life time of saving.From iconic Oscars outfits to royal approved gowns and classic on-screen moments, scroll down to see the top ten dresses.Worn by Charlize Theron to the 2013 Oscars, the face of the brand's J'Adore perfume paired the white peplum gown with $4 million worth of Harry Winston jewellery.Made with over 6000 pearls, this custom-made halterneck gown was worn by Lupita Nyong'o to the 2015 Oscars. The dress was at the centre of scandal when it was stolen (and later returned) to The London Hotel in West Hollywood just days after Nyong'o had worn it on the red carpet.This one shoulder mesh gown studded with Swarovski crystals was worn by red carpet pro, Cate Blanchett at the 2007 Oscars when she was nominated for a 'Best Supporting Actress' gong for her role in Notes On A Scandal.Worn by Princess Diana at President Raegan's White House Dinner in 1985, the iconic velvet dress was originally auctioned off for charity in 1997, selling for £100,000, then sold again in 2013 for £240,000.Amal Clooney's fairytale off-the-shoulder wedding dress featured intricate French lace detailing and hand-embroidered pearls.Designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, Kate Middleton's beautiful wedding dress has inspired many a copycat style. Complete with a satin bodice, hand-cut Chantilly lace sleeves and 2.7m train, the handmade dress was a creative masterpiece.Crafted with 100,000 cultured pearls, this 1950s wedding dress is now worth an astonishing half a million.One of the most recognised images in cultural history, Audrey Hepburn's little black dress from cult classic, Breakfast At Tiffany's sold at Christie’s in New York for just shy of a million dollars.This form-fitting chartreuse column gown was worn by Nicole Kidman to the 1997 Oscars. One of John Galliano's first big comissions for the brand, the unusual colour choice was a risk that clearly paid off.No iconic dress list would be complete without an entry from Marilyn Monroe. Her ivory pleated 'subway dress' from the much-loved 1955 movie The Seven Year Itch sold for $5.6 million in a 2011 Beverly Hills auction.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Saint Laurent’s £6,855 Niki Swarovski crystal-embellished knee high boots have sold out. From the moment they walked down the runway, they were being hailed by every editor with Instagram as the shoe of the season. Glossy mags - us included - ran stories on these cult conical heeled slouch shoes. The high street rushed to copy them, with Carvela and New Look leading the way. And, now, after months and months of waiting, they finally dropped on Net-a-Porter. But, before we could even blink they sold out. (UPDATE: You can now buy them at Browns Fashion, here).WATCH: 90s Film FashionCalled insta-bait as they drew so much social media attention, the pooling leather shoes, which come encrusted with 3,000 rhinestones or in suede or vinyl, are a hero of Anthony Vaccarello’s AW17 collection. With this shoe alone, the Italo-Belgian designer pushed the eighties revival trend into the mainstream. He took the YSL girl and made her a Studio 54 dancing queen, an everyday Grace Jones. By being the polar opposite of the athleisure took that ruled other catwalks, it made a splash.Not long after Rihanna walked out in a pair in March, WWD reported that they had, ‘already amassed wait-lists at American department stores Saks Fifth Avenue and Bergdorf Goodman’. So, it’s no wonder they sold out on Net-a-Porter within the blink of an eye. If you’re still hankering for a pair, sign up to N-a-P's waiting list or shop our edit of alternatives below.Prada Leather Knee Boots, £1,070 from Net-a-PorterIT season boots - Grazia2of6Prada Leather Knee Boots, £1,070 from Net-a-PorterCarvela boots, [£39 from Kurt GeigerGianvito Rossie Laura Leather Knee boots, £1,090 from Net-a-PorterWide Fit Silver Glitter Cone Heel Ankle Boots, £34.99 from New LookPoison Over The Knee Foil Boots in Silver Metallic, £49.99 from Public DesireSilver boots, £98, Urban OutfittersREAD MORE: Saint Laurent Has Introduced Roller Skates On StilettosREAD MORE: Raf Simons Is Making £155 Duct Tape Happen© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whaddya get when Urban Outfitters, the purveyors of all things millennial, collaborates with sportswear legends Champion? A collection of cosy sweats in unicorn colours, of course.Working on the premise that athleisure isn’t going anywhere fast - there’s no way we’re giving up our fleecy hoodies anytime soon, at least - the two mega brands have created a limited edition range that celebrates the retro label. The pieces, which are priced between £55-65, includes hoodies, sweatshirts and joggers in pastel mint, cream, orange, turquoise, purple and yellow as well as grey and slate black with the iconic 'C' logo embroidery.UO have enlisted rapper Princess Nokia, photographer Laurel Golio and Instagram star Camille Jansen to model the collection. As part of a wider project called ‘What Do You Champion’ the campaign stars have shared slogans about causes they care about. For instance, Princess Nokia has said, ‘I Champion Community’, and visual anthropologist Golio whose work highlights the marginalised voices of the LGBTQ community said, ‘I Champion Youth’.Loungewear with a message is something we’re 100% here for.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First came Christopher Kane's cable ties. Then, we had Balenciaga's much-memed £1,705 re-imagining of IKEA's blue Frakta bag. Most recently, Twitter made light work of Prada's £140 paper clip (a silver 'money clip' engraved with the Italian brand's logo). Now, another seemingly humble household item has been given the high fashion treatment.More commonly used for wrapping up boxes, covering frayed wires and all manner of DIY fixes, duct tape has apparently caught the eye of designer Raf Simons, who is currently selling a luxe version for a cool £155.First seen on the autumn/winter catwalks at the former Dior creative director’s menswear show, the role of tape in question is available in two colourways, each distinct from the metallic grey you’re most likely to come across in your local hardware store: the choice is between red text on a white background, bearing the phrase ‘Youth Project,’ or black with ‘Walk With Me’ in red, perhaps a subtle nod to Twin Peaks. While the significance of both phrases isn’t entirely clear, they certainly beat ‘Fragile: Handle With Care.’Simons’ duct tape isn’t merely designed as a way of bringing serious fashion credentials to your stationery kit just in time for September’s back-to-school mania. On the catwalk, it was used as a makeshift belt to cinch in winter coats at the waist; it could also add a (not-so) subtle Raf accent to hems and cuffs, or just be used as the DIY gods intended – as a multi-purpose fix-it solution. Truly, the possibilities are endless.WATCH: Industry Heavyweights On Why British Fashion Is GreatIf you’ve fallen for this latest headline-baiting piece of fashion kit but can’t quite stretch to £155 a roll, designer Peter Jensen has also jumped on this trend, and is selling his own haute duct tape priced at £15. Plus, it comes emblazoned with a whimsical bunny print. In the mean time, we’re calling staplers and gel pens as the next big thing for spring-summer…READ MORE: Balenciaga Trolls The Internet With Another Sellout BagREAD MORE: Ikea Teases Balenciaga Following Copyright Claims© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Those of us who lived through the early 2000s will vividly remember the days before mom jeans. Before the hug of high-rise denim that sucks you in and caresses your curves, the options were limited to low-rise jeans or low-rise jeans. They were affectionately called hipsters (as no one had yet come up with a moniker for bearded east London men with kooky glasses and fixed wheel bikes). They required constant hiking up and perpetually ran the risk of builders bum. We hate to be the bearer of bad news, but they are back.We can point the finger of blame at Alexander McQueen who, back in ’95, introduced the world to ‘bumsters’. As part of his infamous ‘Highland Rape’ collection, he designed trousers that scooped low on the buttocks to reveal a good couple of inches of cheek. Sexy, risqué and revolutionary, the style caught on. For years afterwards jeans got low with abbreviated zippers or three-button fly’s that strategically placed the waistband on the brink hips. Red carpets of the 2000s were awash with celebrities like Britney Spears and Keira Knightly flaunting toned tums in ultra-low trousers.WATCH: Bella Hadid talks beauty exclusively with GraziaThe new march towards hip-grazing denim has been heralded, like many throwback trends, by the Hadid sisters. First, they put crop tops back on the agenda, then Matrix-lite sunglasses and now they’re doing the same with low-rise jeans. Bella has been sporting pairs that graze her hip bones, and Gigi has been getting increased ab mileage out of a pelvis-clutching pair.From left to right: Tommy Hilfiger, Alexa Chung, GanniThough this low-slung style does nothing for love handles and makes everyone's legs look like little stumps it’s been making headway on the catwalks. It was seen on the gender-fluid runways of Gucci worn with t-shirts and Mick Jagger swagger. The style had prime position in Alexa Chung’s prim debut show. And, for the last few seasons it has has been a lynchpin of Marques’ Almeida’s collections. Net-a-Porter and Matchesfashion.com have dedicated verticals to the throwback style, and it’s only a matter of time before Topshop and ASOS follow suit. Though the return to the lowrider may strike fear in your heart, if you're armed with a tailored jacket a pair of boxfresh trainers you'll be ready to take it on.Shop our edit of the best below:Werto low-rise wide-leg jeans, £550 from The Rowlow rise jeans2of9Werto low-rise wide-leg jeans, £550 from The RowLilly Selvedge Jeans, £230 from AriesCustom made denim, from £311 from Sami Miro VintageLow-slung boyfriend denim jeans, £395 from Stella McCartneyLow rise skinny stretch jeans, £328 from Re/DoneLow-slung boyfriend denim jeans, £360 from Off-WhiteCropped low-rise wide-leg jeans, £375 from BalenciagaBlanca high-rise kick-flare cropped jeans, £295 from Attico505C™ jeans, £85  from LevisREAD MORE: 10 Kimonos You'll Wear Again And AgainREAD MORE:  6 Pieces From Zara’s Pre-Fall Collection To Add To Your Basket Immediately© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mums love Marks and Spencer,  so how come the rest of us haven't caught on? For some reason buying anything more than the odd pair of pants and your workday lunch from M&S isn’t part of the Millennial life package. However, it should be as they high street store does a mean line in cashmere and well-made separates. Sure, I wouldn’t buy my wedding dress there, but if I’m staying at my parents, I’m definitely going to steal my mum’s new Marks shirt. Fact. So, next time you go home for the weekend and find yourself pushing a cart through the store’s chilled aisle, nudge your mother to take you upstairs and show you where she brought those well-tailored cropped trousers. Then, as if, by total coincidence, you’ll see this La La Land yellow, sweeping gown making at eyes at you. And, voila, mum’s M&S habit and unadulterated love for you will kick in and that frock will make its way into your trolley, just like that. Thank me later.WATCH: How To Get The Perfect BrowsLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ella Eyre is heading V Festival this year, and she’s given us a sneak peek of what’s she’s planning to wear. As it turns out, she’s quite a sensible festival packer. There’s less glitter than you’d expect and more portable phone chargers than strictly speaking necessary for one person. In case you were wondering, Ella likes to sleep in onesies (that match her band) and has a thing for performing in swimsuits. We caught up with Ella, right before her latest single Ego dropped at W London's Extreme-Wow Suite, to see inside her micro Hunter festival rucksack…And, while you're at it, take a look at Maya Jama wears when she's partying hard at a weekend-long festival. Where Ella opts for comfort and practicality, Maya takes her day-to-day sleek sophisticated style to the party. For Fresh Island Festival the TV and radio presenter wore a pink suit (!) and heels. Yeah, she may have been attending a beach festival, unlike Ella who will be living it up in a field, but still that's next level fashion dedication.Liked this? You might also be interested in:See Inside Maya Jama’s Festival BagSami Miro Successfully Rebranded Coachella FashionGlastonbury 2016 Through The Eyes Of Celebrity InstagramFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Why not treat yourself to something from the gorgeous new collection at OFFICE…Take the new bohemian trend – a rich palette of burgundy and gold creates a ’70s folk vibe, while sky-high platforms in crushed velvets inject a touch of glamour.WATCH NOW: Ten of the best fashion documentariesFor instant outfit elevation, opulent brocade, feathered trims and jewelled heels take your look effortlessly from day to night.The other major direction for A/W ’17 is pretty punk, where tough hardware – think metal eyelets, heavy studs and silver heel plating – is softened by feminine detailing such as blush velvets and sumptuous suede in chic-with-an edge boots, heels and flats.So, whatever your style, head to your nearest OFFICE store with the page from Grazia magazine to use your exclusive 25% discount!Terms and conditions READ MORE: 7 Brands To Stock Up On When Holiday ShoppingREAD MORE: 5 Instagram-Approved Ways To Wear A Silk ScarfREAD MORE: 10 Chic Weekend Bags That Will Ensure You Always Travel In Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last week, Alexandra Shulman uploaded what may or may not have been a totally innocuous picture of herself in a bikini to Instagram. The caption, ‘time for the boat trip’, as well as the messy background (would a professional influencer have left clothes strewn on the bed, or water bottles in the front of the frame?), suggest it may well have been just another holiday snap. Yet the headlines and comments turning it into something else came pretty quickly. The former Vogue editor was hailed as ‘brave’ and ‘heroic’ for her selfie in the press. Elsewhere, in the comment section, followers praised her for showing how ‘real’ women look.As with Drew Barrymore’s makeup-free selfie, which betrayed her naturally bushy brows and grey hairs, Shulman’s post has been quickly fetishized as revolutionary in some way. As if a 59-year-old woman in a Boden bikini is something completely out of the ordinary. Of course, what is out of the ordinary is that Shulman, as a public figure, threw caution to the wind and decided to fly in the face of what her former industry perceives as aesthetically-pleasing. There is no thigh gap, endless limbs or exposed clavicle here. Instead, she is a trim, gym-fit middle-age woman on holiday, celebrating her choice to wear a two-piece and anyone that doesn’t like it be damned.Shulman has said as much since the picture caught the Internet’s attention. Speaking to the Sunday Times this weekend she said: 'I happen to love bikinis and have never felt that it mattered to anyone how I looked wearing them. I fully intend to continue wearing them to my grave. I had no idea that sharing a picture of myself in a bikini on Instagram could provoke either the compliments or the outrage.'WATCH: Miranda Priestly's Iciest SlightsIn an age where A-list women aren’t allowed to age, it is naturally refreshing to see such a realistic portrait of what the majority of 50-something women look like on the beach – as well as the fact that she’s not willing it hide herself away, as other women feel they have to. Indeed, new statistics released this weekend reveal that Shulman’s body confidence might not be so unusual after all: according to the survey by fashion brand M&Co, 65-year-old women are the most comfortable with how they look.Throughout her tenure, Shulman was frequently the target of body shaming. People asked why she wasn't adhering to the stick-thin, groomed aesthetic expected of magazine editors. In the past, she's admitted that she is 'a little overweight'. On her resignation from Vogue, she spoke about wanting to find her identity outside the magazine - perhaps this is part of it.Naysayers have seized the opportunity to criticise Shulman once again for proliferating the magazine industry’s penchant for rail-thin models – something she was held responsible for throughout her 25-year tenure at the glossy title. They ask why she couldn't have published images like this one when she was in charge. It makes one former colleagues comment ‘Why was this not our September cover?’ seem even more pointed.But of course, you never would see a ‘real’ (cringe) 59-year-old woman celebrated on the cover of a magazine. Shulman throughout her career eschewed any blame for this, and although she was one of the most influential women in the fashion industry, it would be difficult to argue otherwise – it’s clearly an endemic attitude.So, intentional or not, what does Shulman’s bikini selfie mean? We’d like to think it does what it says on the tin: a normal, 59-year-old woman, off for a boat trip, in a two-piece she loves, feeling totally confident in her own skin. Isn’t it sad that there’s something so revolutionary about that?READ MORE: Why The Reaction To Drew Barrymore's No Makeup Selfie Is So FrustratingREAD MORE: Theresa May Will Appear In American Vogue© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ice cream, boob sweat and thigh chafing: it can only mean one thing, summertime. If you have thighs that touch when you walk, and bare legs are the only option, then you run the uncomfortable risk of a painful encounter with the chub rub. The friction makes the skin raw, hot and tender. It makes you feel like theirs a fire between your legs and not the good kind. Not only does it hurt like a bitch, but while in the midst of an episode it is an awkward pain to hide. It’s not like you can ice your thighs in polite company or walk with a John Wayne gait at work. However, the dreaded thigh chafe is curable and easy to avoid with these 14 products…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Catch me on any given day and I will be wearing the most basic of all basic wardrobe staples. Yes, you’ve guessed it, jeans. I just can’t help myself. Blue jeans, black jeans, white jeans, pink jeans. Jeans jeans jeans jeans jeans I love jeans, sorry not sorry. They go with everything, they look great in summer, winter, autumn and spring. And, as fashion has defaulted to dressing like it's the nineties, it's now socially acceptable to wear jeans on a night out, only - and this is a big prerequisite - if you're wearing a going out top. You know the one, it's usually teeny and sparkly and makes you look like you're at a school disco.Urban Renewal Vintage Re-Made Seam Detail Jeans, £66, Urban Outfitters; Jolene Toe Cap Block Heels, £39, TopshopThese are your classic BFF jeans, they fit you well, they make you feel good and they’d probably whisper nice things to you when you’re having a bloaty day. Teamed with my kind of going out top, the spotty blouse and pink heels and we’re onto a winner.Silver Cowl Neck Chain Body, £30, Miss Selfridge; Eyelet Side Mom Jeans, £20.50, New Look, ASOS; Picture Perfect Pointed High Heels, £30, ASOSMy fashion and beauty editor Lucy told me I had to call in tons of tops specifically like this for this shoot…I didn’t (sorry, Luce). But I’m glad she made me call in his one as I felt like Paris Hilton circa 2007 (in a totally great way). The detailing on the jeans made it even more worthwhile. Loves it.Black Vinyl Bralet, £15, Missguided; The Ultimate Crew Neck T-Shirt, £6, ASOS; Kimomo black, £40, Monki; Jump Slingback Kitten Heels, £59, TopshopJeans and a PVC top on its own? Nah mate. Jeans, PVC crop and a white t-shirt = from desk to date.Ruched Floral Print Blouse, £29, Topshop; Elsa Mom Jean in Pastel, £52, Waven, ASOS; Picture Perfect Pointed High Heels, £30, ASOSI’m aware it looks like I’ve just called myself pretty in the caption, I haven’t. But this outfit has a lot of pink in it. I’d wear this to a summer soiree (because I go to a lot of those…).I’m a sucker for a spotty top, along with jeans. This one is more ‘I just came from a lunch with my nan and now I’m drunk at the pub.’ Perfect for Sunday.Red Floral Ruched Front Top, £29, **White Cropped Wide Leg Jeans, £42, TopshopChances are, you’d spill something on this outfit and spend the rest of the day regretting it. But look how great it looks all bright and clean. You do you, wear it and roll with the stains.Like this? You might also be interested in…Testing So You Don’t Have To: How Shorts Are The High Street Shorts?All The Stuff From Nasty Girl That’s Totally Appropriate For Meeting Your Potential In-Laws We Tried On All The Pretty Topshop Dresses For Under £60 So You Don’t Have To Follow Alyss on Instagram @alyssbowenThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One of the stand out trends of autumn 2017 already lives in the back of your wardrobe. Probably a little crumpled and underloved, ye olde blazer is geed up to have a revival this winter. It may remind you of your school days, or old boys clubs, but the humble blazer, whether a cheap and cheerful Primark find or a spenny designer piece, has a heritage that makes it endearingly interesting. It hints at the dapper, but dangerous Teddy Boys of the ‘50s, the navel gazing boy bands of the ‘80s, the rock’n’roll sex appeal of Kate Moss, the eccentric granny chic of Gucci, the refined sophistication of Chanel’s army of Francophiles; primarily, the blazer, the one you bought way back when, comes from a long line of sartorial touchpoints. But, it’s this season that sees it rise to the top of your closet once again. The difference between now in then is how you wear it. Add a belt here, a bumbag there and a matching shirt when in doubt to look just as on-point as these Instagram stars... eyelet dress with rafflesA post shared by  ZhuZhu (@zhuzhulifenotes) on May 24, 2017 at 8:27am PDTCute dress gets edge when suited up with a blazer. Treat this tailored jacket like a cardigan and use it as a layering piece, not as outerwear. This Montreal blogger ups the ante with Gucci accessories, but realistically they aren’t necessary just as long as you make sure to wear it with chunky (read: ugly) shoes and a princessy bag to offset the tweeness of the summer dress. NYC vibes. Shop the look on my app!A post shared by  Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Jul 16, 2017 at 5:11pm PDTFor better or worse, Kim Kardashian is pretty good at calling a trend before it’s hit mainstream saturation. And, this time around she’s banking on the return of the pedal pusher. As I type, fashion police everywhere are gearing up for a showdown, but I'm in Kim’s court with this one. The body-conscious cropped legging gives longline blazers (like that ‘boyfriend’ style you brought circa. 2011) (s)ass appeal.Adding a shirt in the same shade allows for next level styling, especially when it’s juxtaposed to a vividly clashing bottom half. Great if your blazer’s coloured, but this works just as well if it’s plain black too. Visual example courtesy of Scandi blogger Fanny Ekstrand. Thank you @dior for this beautiful couture show and exhibition 💕A post shared by  Jeanne (@jeannedamas) on Jul 5, 2017 at 5:26am PDTJeanne Damas has done the impossible. She's wiped away memories of summer jobs waiting tables or working in the local branch of M&S. Damas has made the short, black blazer sophisticated. We all have a Zara one dangling in wardrobe purgatory, but how many of us have worn it buttoned-up with heels, a micro-bag and cropped straight leg jeans? Not enough, that’s for sure.Channel the Spice Girls and dare to bare with a buttoned-up blazer. Add a little shimmer to your decolletage to make this Noughties trend sing. Plus points if your blazer is as luxe and shiny as Maria Bernad’s. Road Man Is Out. See Yah Milan...A post shared by  Adwoa Aboah (@adwoaaboah) on Feb 26, 2017 at 12:46pm PSTGod knows how but the bumbag has found its way into the wardrobes of some of the best dressed. The hands-free accessory has been sported by Kendall, Bella and Adowah to name a few. While tradition says to wear it tight around the hips, those in the know have been nestling it under their arm with a jaunty cross-body strapping. Probably not as comfortable, but it definitely adds edge to a boxy blazer. . 💈💈💈 . #kidzfashion #trendykiddies #superfashionkids #trendy_tots #fashionkidsworld #igkiddies #harajuku #harajukugirl #harajukufashion #tokyofashionA post shared by  COCO (@coco_pinkprincess) on Apr 15, 2017 at 8:01am PDTDo it like this six-year-old Harajuku local and belt it up. She may be too young for secondary school, but this street style icon knows that an artfully tied waist belt in the same colour as your trews is an under appreciated way to elevate a blazer.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion doesn’t have a track record of being hung up on practicalities, step forward the latest hot product – the chic but holey net bag. The type you may get at a farmers market (if you ever went to a real farmers market) Every IT girl is carrying her minimalist possessions around in one of these babies. Case in point, blogger Damsel in Dior rocking her Moreau Bucket Bag. It’s now sold out on Net-a-Porter but would have cost you an eye watering £290. The Maison Margiela string bag will set you back £816.Granted, it might not be where you want to keep your loose house key, but our mini bag is perfect for your beach necessities – a book, sunnies, snacks and sun cream. We made our ‘net’ sections as small as possible, so your valuables won’t slip through.Better yet, we created this baby for £4. Four pounds people! I hear you non-believers saying, ‘That looks too hard to make…’ It is essentially a series of one simple knot. So if you can get two strings together, trust us - you’ve got this!If you want, you can separate one strand of wool to create a thin thread, thread it into a needle and secure the ends of the handles with a few stitches.Finished! That’s you #beachreadyLiked this? You might also be interested in:Update Your Denim Jacket With This Simple Diy For Under £5How To Set Up The Vanity Table Of Your Dreams Thanks To PinterestUpdate Last Seasons Coat With A Colourful Collar Diy For Under £10Follow Jenny on Instagram @jennybrownleesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Let’s just forget New York, London, Paris and Milan for one moment. Hear us out. Every season fashion critics, Insta-bloggers and influencers alike find yet another reason to fall for all things Scandi.And it comes as no surprise, as twice a year the street style set are happily snapped on the quaint cobbled streets of Copenhagen, only for their pictures to go global.But what is it about the Danish girls that has the world quickly adopting their Nordic traditions (just look at our newfound obsession with recreating hygge) and imitating their wardrobes? Three Ganni tees and an Acne biker to go please…WATCH NOW: 90s Film FashionWell, the Scandi fash pack have an uncanny knack at achieving the one thing we all set out to sartorially achieve. What is it you may ask? Well, the ability to look effortlessly chic of course.With barely-there makeup, wide-cuff shirts and floor-skimming trackies - the Scandis have undoubtedly come up with a winning fashion formula. And the rest of us are desperately (if not a little embarrassingly) trying to replicate it.If you ask us, Copenhagen should be added to the four fashion capitals of the world. Read: New York, London, Paris, Milan and Copenhagen. It has a rather nice ring to it, doesn’t it?And this season, our northern neighbours have reminded us once more why they deserve a top spot for their globally renowned style.We’ve rounded up the best trends spotted on the streets you need to adopt ASAP in order to fake it as a Scandi this season:Who said clashing prints couldn't work together? Take your cue from this show-goer and pair two alterntive prints in the same colourway.The trend for nightwear as dayweear sees no signs of slowing down, and we're certainly not complaining - anything that fuses comfort and style gets a big thumbs up from us. Give your pyjama shirt a Scandi twist by pairing with relaxed fit trousers and understated jewellery.For a modern take on the kimono trend try tucking your kimono inspired shirt into a form fitting skirt - add some block heels for your new go-to outfit formula.The ultimate transeasonal piece, the shirt dress can be dressed up and down whatever the weather. Take your inspiration from The London Chatter and style a statement print shirt dress with metallic ankle boots and an on-trend bucket bag.The Scandi's sartorial solution for cold autumn days, the humble poncho adds cool points to any outfit. Take your prompt from this show-goer and simply throw over khaki trousers and a fine knit, and then style with ankle boots and statement earrings - bicycle optional.Forget boring black ankle boots, for instant style kudos wear a colourful embroidered pair. They'll jazz up any simple outfit in a flash, or take the Scandi approach and style with a floral maxi.Scandi style isn't all about minimalism and muted colours, they love top-to-toe colour too.The tracksuit has been given a high fashion makeover thanks to rich colours and floral details. Pair with a crisp white shirt and trainers like this street style star.Check our all our favourite looks from the streets of Copenhagen in the gallery below...Proof that you can still tote this summer's most wanted bag come autumn. Copenhagen Fashion Week Aug 2017 - Grazia2of23Proof that you can still tote this summer's most wanted bag come autumn. The micro bag makes a classic skirt and jacket combo distinctly modern. Scandi fashion queen Pernille Teisbaek wears a chevron print skirt for day 2 of the shows. If in doubt double up on the floral accessories. Give an old pleated midi a new lease of life with the addition of a statement knit and oversized earrings. Elevate your sportswear for evening with a sheer shirt and pointed court shoes. Fashion influencer Camille Charriere proves pink and red can be worn together. We'll be stealing this outfit idea for autumn. Jazz up a patterned midi with bright yellow sandals. Tick off two trends in one with a canary yellow shirt and gingham skirt. Style your kimono the Scandi way with a tailored shirt, relaxed trousers and fresh white kicks. Sometimes sticking to a fail-safe outfit formula is the answer. We'll be wearing this blazer, denim skirt and ballet pumps combo all autumn. Make a style statement in ruffles and clashing patterns. Give sportswear a stylish twist with a statement knit and fluffy slides. Embrace your inner maximalist and wear top to toe fuschia. Who said maxi dresses were just for the beach?Dress down a cocktail frock with a fine knit and ankle boots. Fashion blogger Lucy Williams styles her cult Ganni t-shirt with a biker and leopard print trousers. Camille Charriere styles her denim mini with ballet pumps and a mustard yellow knit. Embroidered athleisure wear is definitely on our autumn wish list. Dress up mom jeans with a ruffled blouse and a sock and ankle boot combo. Dress down a maxi dress with a plain white tee. Proof that a gingham midi skirt isn't just a summer piece. READ MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A ScandiREAD MORE: 'Hygge' Your Wardrobe This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Her connection to the 90s is undeniable. Her father was one of the original Kings of 90s Britpop, and now, Noel Gallagher’s daughter Anais is collaborating with retro brand Reebok in bringing back their 90s inspired Classics collection. Fronting the re-release, the campaign sees Anais looking melancholy strolling through London’s Hampstead Heath rocking the collection of combo tracksuits, hoodies and sweatshirts.Anais looks amazing in the statement separates, hoodies and jumpers – all of which feature the era-defining vector logo and are made up mainly of Reebok’s definitive colours; red, white and blue.Despite being reeeeealy young (she was born in 2000, which is kind of depressing), Anais has a lot of love and respect for Reebok’s dominance in the fashion of the 90s, 'Reebok has a lot of heritage and has always been at the forefront of music and trainer culture, so the new collection is very 90s inspired, but also has a very on-trend, street-orientated direction.' Her attitude to clothes and shopping are also ones the most 17 year olds will relate to: ‘Most of my clothes are sportswear or vintage. I only have pocket money, and I have to dress appropriately for school.’Whether you want to be like Anais and don Reebok head-to-toe or simply want to get one staple piece from the collection, you can shop now on their website as well as at Topshop. (Other selected retailers may also stock the collection).Like this? You might also be interested in:Vans Unveils Dreamy Silky Opening Ceremony CollaborationIn The Defence Of Buying Expensive SportswearReebok x Local Heroes New Trainers Are Going To Divide OpinionFollow Jasmine on Twitter: @JasminexfxThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The words ‘Scandi Chic’ hold indisputable fashion currency, but what they have come to mean has changed thanks to one brand. Danish label Ganni has been the trailblazing a new era of Scandinavian style that’s fun, colourful and affordable. What it is not is androgynous, minimalist or architectural.‘I kept meeting people who thought Scandinavian design was all about minimalism and androgyny, but I didn’t see myself in that,’ Ditte Reffstrup, Ganni’s creative director recently told Business of Fashion, ‘We have three children, and we don’t have a car. It's about an effortless and natural, laid-back style.’Take their latest SS18 collection, for instance, there’s not a grey cashmere sweater in sight. There’s no Cos-esque trapeze dresses or clunky Acne-lite footwear. It was a playful wonderland of Victoriana pie-crust dresses, rainbow stripe knitwear and sunshine bright cropped yellow denim jackets. White cowboy boots were worn with low-slung elasticated trousers and bare tummies (this is a summer collection, after all), while multi-tiered party dresses with a painterly floral print were layered over slim-fit patterned turtle necks and matching leggings. There’s an eccentricity that makes Ganni feel fresh and in turn makes Copenhagen fashion week as a whole instantly relevant.WATCH: The Most Breathtaking Gowns From Haute Couture Fashion WeekStocked on both ASOS and Net-a-Porter, Ganni has the uncanny ability to be everything to everyone. It does a fine line in tailored suits, but in the same breath, it creates romantic, frothy party frocks and Alexa Chung-y dungarees. It has fashion’s Instagrammers in the palm its hands with editors unashamed to be caught wearing the same cult t-shirt by the label at the same event. Sacrilege!Though the brand has been making waves since launching in 2000, it was only after husband-and-wife team Nikolaj and Ditte Reffstrup took the reins nine years later that it started leading the Scandinavian vanguard. With a price-point that places it above the throwaway fast fashion market of H&M, but affordable enough that you don’t have to spend months saving for it, they’ve created a new niche in a Scandi market.Flick through a glossy's September issue, and we can bet our last pair of statement earrings on the fact that you'll see at least one Ganni item in a fashion spread. And, going by the social media reception of yesterday's show, we expect the same and more from next season.READ MORE: Ganni Is One Of Your Five A Day At Copenhagen Fashion WeekREAD MORE: The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Chrissy Teigen - model, mum, Instagram queen, former Trump troll and all-around inspiration - is the face of a new clothing collaboration that we are desperate to get our hands on in the UK.Dubbed the 'On Duty' collection, the collaboration between chic retailers Intermix and ALC features pieces that you could wear - you guessed it - all day long, from taking the kids to school to a board meeting, because really, when are women ever off-duty?'As a huge fan of both brands, I am so happy to be a part of this collaboration,' Teigen says on Instagram. 'I love how “On Duty” reflects the fact that, as women today, we’re never truly “off duty.” The collection is my absolute dream bi-coastal closet, bringing the best of LA and NY together for an effortlessly cool, must-have wardrobe— I hope you love it as much as I do!''When it comes to fashion, being simple is sexy, and when you're trying too hard it shows,' she continued. 'I love the @alc_ltd On Duty collection, available exclusively at @intermixonline, because the pieces are laid-back and luxe - especially this track pant that you can dress up or down.'There's no confirmation yet on whether or not Teigen was involved with the design process for the collab, but by looking at it, we think she may have been. 10/10.READ MORE: Chrissy Teigen Makes The Case For Turbans While On Holiday In VeniceREAD MORE: Chrissy Teigen Got Real About Period Skin And We Love Her For It© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Even when Christina Aguleira released Dirrty, there wasn’t a rush on chaps. So, what makes ASOS and Jaded London think there will be now?Where 2016 was the year of celebrity deaths (#rip), 2017 will go down in the archives as the year of ludicrous jeans. It started with Topshop’s plastic-knee pair, then they mutated into a fully transparent trouser, next Gigi Hadid wore Y/Projects detachable booty shorts, and now we’re here, staring at ASOS.com’s Jaded London Festival Chaps. For £65 they can be yours.Available in a true blue wash with a chunky belt that keeps the chaps fastened in place. The studded chaps hug the legs and taper into a straight leg. As for what's happening with the booty, they have a cut-out butt, because why not?As a fashion editor, few items of clothing really baffle me quite like this. I have a few questions I'd really like answered. For starters, are these even jeans? What constitutes two pieces of denim attachable by a belt as trousers? Are these not, leg warmers with an ego? A pumped up, over-promoted denim sock with a point to prove?I'd also like to know, how the heck are you meant to wear them? Do you go full Aguilera and gyrate on the floor, swing around a boxing ring while wearing them over boy pants. Or do you do as the model has and wear them over jeans? If so, what the heck is the point? And, how is that possibly comfortable, practical of festival friendly? Can you imagine attempting to unbuckle your double pair of jeans in a portaloo while trying to breathe in the noxious environment or touch any surface more than necessary? Jaded London, please explain..Liked this? You might also be interested in:All The Places Topshop's New Jeans Would Be Perfect ForThe Return Of Cowboy Boots, And 5 Other 2000s Trends That Are Ripe For A ComebackTopshop Have Released Clear Knee Mom Jeans And We Can't Decide If We Love Or Hate Them Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Take centre stage in Opening Ceremony’s ballet twist on Vans’ classic trainer For afar they look like your average Vans skate shoe, but up close you’ll see they are tailored out of smooth, shiny, bunhead approved satin. The pastel coloured range is a luxe twist on the skater-approved sneakers.As unlikely as it is, satin is becoming a fairly popular fabric for trainers. The textile, which we’re much more familiar with seeing on bridesmaid dresses, throw cushions and ballet pumps, has found a new audience with sneakerheads. Ever since Fenty by Rihanna debuted a pastel pair of kicks with satin uppers, Stuart Weitzman, Jill Sander, Miu Miu, Superga, Nike and Zara have followed suit.If you’ve had half an eye on Vans recently, then you’ll know that they’ve teamed up with this American concept store before. For the last few months, they've routinely dropped luxurious new limited-edition collaborations that push the boundaries of what we consider Vans to be. The ongoing project has seen them reimagine their slip-on in fancy floral brocade and dip their OG Old Skool LX trainers in glitter. Part of the so-called ‘Passion’ pack collab, the twinkly kicks were an instant sell-out, which is a feat we suspect these new silky sneakers will match. Rather than just stamping both brand's names on a shoe, the joint collection repositions Vans and their footwear in a new market, making them smarter and more sophisticated.The Vans x Opening Ceremony ‘Satin’ collection will be available in pink and cream, red and white, saffron and white and black and yellow, from the 11th August at Opening Ceremony.Image courtesy of HYPEBAE/Vans/Opening CeremonyLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A couple of months ago, I felt something in my waters. A stirring, vague but discernible, like the early twinges of a UTI. I turned to the friend I was with at the time, brow furrowed, and hissed, urgently, ‘I think… I think cowboy boots are coming back.’ Soothing, but firm, she said ‘No, you’re wrong, they can’t be. It’s probably just indigestion. No.’‘But–‘‘NO.’A couple of weeks went by. Then Millie Bobbie Brown accepted an MTV Award in a pair of Tippex-white Calvin Klein cowboy boots. I held it up in the office as evidence; ‘Look!’ I cried. ‘It’s happening!’ They dismissed it as a kooky aberration.A few more weeks. I saw photos of Alexa Chung wearing a pair in New York, with a candy pink midi dress and longline blazer. ‘Look!’ I cried. ‘Alexa! THIS IS NOT A DRILL.’‘But that’s Alexa,’ came the reply. ‘She doesn’t count, she tried to make hairy tank tops happen. No. Cowboy boots are not back.’That’s the thing about being a fashion oracle – it’s a little like being a dietician, or a tax accountant. Nobody wants to hear it, even when they know you’re right. Wary of being The Girl Who Cried Trend, I kept schtum for a little while longer. But I knew the truth, and so did they, deep down. And so did Elle magazine, who dedicated a whole page of the August issue to Raf Simons’ futuristic white pair with a yellow stripe and metal toe cap, calling them ‘the boot of the season’ and giving me license to stand up and yell ‘I CALLED IT’. Saddle up partner, because cowboy boots are about to burst through the high street’s metaphorical saloon doors any minute now.I know, it doesn’t feel like it’s been long enough. And strictly speaking it hasn’t been long enough – fashion traditionally needs at least 15 years to look fresh and intriguing again, or a good 30 for scorched earth to fully regrow (shoulder pads, we’re still waiting). But these are nostalgia-hungry times, and we’re burning through trends quicker than ever.Last time round, circa 2005, I wanted a pair of bright red cowboy boots to wear with skinny jeans, a faux fur jacket, a beret and a boyfriend who looked like Noel Fielding. This time the silhouettes are looser, and the boots are more versatile (and Noel Fielding looks like your ‘rock chick’ aunt who sings in a covers band). Calvin Klein led the way on the AW17 runway with Simons’ glossy, colour-blocked boots, worn with slouchy midi skirts, suit jackets and jumpers. Céline did it, but subtly in matte black, Marques' Almeida showed them in custard yellow with tailoring and, at the other end of the spectrum, House of Holland gave us a full-on hoedown. Gingham, cherries, stetsons, fringing, the whole damned apple pie. America might still be a worrying question mark, but we’re officially about to make cowboy boots great again.And the noughties nostalgia train doesn’t stop there! Here are six more post-millennium staples that are officially ripe for a return. Scoff all you like, but when it happens, please remember: I called it.WATCH: The Debrief Is Getting A Nose Piercing Yes, like Oliver Twist, the cast of Newsies, or Britney Spears on the Crossroads promo tour. At the time of writing, ASOS has 11 different versions in stock – and they can’t be selling them all to school kids who have to dress up for Victorian Day.Obviously, you know about tees and polo necks under camisoles and slip dresses – but dresses over trousers have already been quietly back on the scene for a little while now too. Putting a wrap dress on over some old ripped skinnies is the perfect two-birds-one-stone outfit, instantly removing any trace of frump from the dress and updating the jeans.But once you’ve mastered both of those, you’re ready to unlock the next ‘00s level by doing multiple layering at once. A short skirt over a longer skirt! A short-sleeved t-shirt over a long-sleeved t-shirt! A woolly vest over a shirt! A skirt over a dress over a jumper under a shirt, over a coat! Think of it like a fashion Mille Feuille, or a kind of fabric-based Buckaroo.As soon as I commit these words to the internet, I will get an indignant tweet from someone telling me that they still LOVE their fancy tights and weren’t aware they’d ever gone away (I never know how to reply to these, btw – ‘Congratulations! You have successfully ignored fashion.’?)But it doesn’t matter because soon we’ll all be joining them again in the lacy legs parade. It’s the logical evolution of last year’s surprise fishnets revival. It’s about time we forgave them all their past sins – and crucially, it’s the way you’re going to keep wearing your mules once the summer ends. Just brace yourself for the first time your pinkie toe gets caught in one of the holes.Having recently enjoyed the unstoppable reign of bodycon, Spanx manufacturers will soon be looking around for their next cash cow – and I’m predicting they’ll find it in the return of the bias cut. Which in clothes-speak means ‘cut on the diagonal’. Remember the skirts? Primly knee-length, floral, crinkly, with a little bow on the waistband? Despite having a rich fashion heritage, the bias cut has been out in the wilderness for the past decade and a half, as punishment for making us all look about 42 at our Year Six discos. But isn’t it time we welcomed it back?Because it is a legal requirement for every feature on noughties fashion to contain at least one reference to Sex and the City, here it comes: all those flippy-hemmed skirts and clingy slip dresses Carrie wore in season two, with strappy sandals and gold jewellery. I couldn’t help but wonder… Don't they suddenly look so right again?See above.Liked this? You might also be interested in:8 Times Spice Girls Ruled The World And The ChartsAll I Want In Life Is To Dress Like The Twins From The Parent TrapThis 2000s Dior Instagram Account Is Proof Being Extra Isn’t Anything NewFollow Lauren on Instagram @laurenbravoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For the 10-year anniversary of her debut album, M.I.A. is releasing her first ever line of merchandise. And, she’s enlisted one of Europe’s rising stars to design it. The singer tapped Danish-born, London-based Astrid Andersen to craft her entrance into fashion.Regardless of the collection’s obvious selling points it goes directly against an anti-waste dogma M.I.A. previously stood by. Back in November of 2016 the singer tweeted: ‘Can't even being myself to make merch -destroying environment and enslaving peeps can I just give u a vector and you print on ur T/hoodie’, before launching a print-your-own merch line. Her DIY venture made her goods free for fans who had a printer and a way of attaching a downloaded image to a t-shirt. But, times have changed, and M.I.A. must have found a way to make her t-shirts and hoodies without compromising her own principals.Feature photo courtesy of M.I.A/Astrid AndersenLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If, like us, you spent most of the latter part of noughties in an oversized cardigan, we have some good news - the grandad cardigan is back!Yep, like all good fashion trends of yesteryear, it was only time before this one made a welcome resurgance. Just like the going-out tops, micro bags and Juicy Couture tracksuits that came before, it seems we just can't get enough of the 2000s trends.WATCH NOW: Best 90s Film Fashion MomentsWhile cardigans have been making a slow and steady return over the last few seasons, the styles that have dominated on the catwalk have been the preppy and ladylike type (Miu Miu and Gucci in particular), but now it's time for the grandad cardigan to have its moment in the spotlight.Alerting us to the trend was none other than Mary-Kate Olsen. The designer was spotted out and about in New York yesterday in an out-of-character outfit. Wearing a bright red shirt (MK always wears black) and  white Dr Martens, Olsen even flashed a smile for the paparazzi. Very unusual behaviour indeed.However what was more on brand for MK was her choice of cardigan. Mary-Kate and Ashley's aesthetic could be summed up as 'granny chic' and the pair have a real penchant for oversized pieces - if anyone was going to bring back this style it would be one of them.A quick peruse of the new-in sections and it seems we're not the only ones lusting after a grandad cardi. Perfect for this in between weather, the cosy cardigan proves practicality and style are not mutually exclusive.  Ideal for throwing over pretty much any outfit, it will look equally good with jeans and a slogan tee as it would with an A-line skirt and silk shirt.Check out our shopping picks in the gallery below...Fine knit cardigan, £8.99 from H&Mgrandad cardigan grazia2of5Fine knit cardigan, £8.99 from H&MBlack cardigan with belt, £15.99 from ZaraLong line cardigan, £39 from TopshopKhaki cardigan, £55 from WarehouseGrey knit cardigan, £79 from & Other StoriesREAD MORE: An A-Z Guide On Dressing Like The Olsen TwinsREAD MORE: 31 Things You Didn’t Know About The Olsen TwinsREAD MORE: Mary-Kate Olsen Opens Up About Married Life With Oliver Sarkozy© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over the past few seasons, Copenhagen Fashion Week has become one of the most talked about events on the global fashion calendar, thanks in large part to our newfound love of Scandi style, as well as their enviable roster of influencer-loved brands, including Cecile Copenhagen, Baum und Pferdgarten and of course, Ganni.This season, Ganni is making the most of the increased footfall of the fashion set during fashion week by opening a new conceptual pop-up shop. Dubbed 'The Fruit Shop', the space will sell limited edition fruit-printed t-shirts (the banana is our fave), fruit gadgets and accessories, as well as an exclusive collection of cereamics created by US-based artist Jessica Hans - meaning for the first time you can dress your home in your favourite brand, too.'We wanted to create something different than we have ever done before, and we came up with this universe of fruits and colours,' explains Ditte Reffstrup, Ganni's creative director. 'A fun little place displaying limited edition items, where you can drop by and experience Ganni in a new way. And we’ve actually got quite a taste for it. It’s highly liberating to let go of all your predetermined understandings of how to run a shop, and just do something crazy.'Lucy Williams of Fashion Me Now has already been spotted in one of the designs, with more influencers surely set to follow.Instagram @lucywilliams02If you're in Copenhagen this month, be sure to pop into the space - it's open Monday to Saturday until 19 August.The Fruit shop will be open Tuesday August 8th through Saturday August 19th, from 10am-6pm. The address is Ny Østergade 15, 1101 CPH.READ MORE: This Ganni T-Shirt Is Coming To An Instagram Feed Near YouREAD MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A Scandi© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since Gucci sent their luxe embroidered kimonos down the catwalk a few seasons ago we’ve had a thing for this Japanese inspired robe jacket. The ultimate transeasonal piece, kimonos are on our radar once again as the temperature cools down and we move towards autumn.Elegant yet bohemian, the kimono is loved by celebrities and street style stars alike.WATCH NOW: The Most Breathtaking Gowns From Haute Couture Fashion WeekPerfect for throwing over a basic ensemble, a statement kimono will instantly up the fashion ante on any outfit. Why not jazz up a plain tee and denim cut-off combo, or come autumn pair with flares and ankle boots?While Gucci’s aforementioned Kimono (loved by Beyonce, of course) will set you back around a whopping £15,000, you’ll be pleased to hear the high street is awash with affordable options. Whether you prefer a long and swishy open kimono or short wrap-around number, there’s a certainly a style to suit you. Zara definitely owns this category but Free People and ASOS also deserve a special mention.Check out our favourite shopping picks in the gallery below...Floral print kimono, £59.99 from Zarakimono shopping grazia 2of10Floral print kimono, £59.99 from ZaraBlack luminous kimono, £89 from & Other StoriesYellow print kimono, £69 from TopshopFloral-jacquard kimono, £655 from Elizabeth & JamesReversible kimono, £69 from TopshopPrinted kimono, £598 from Borgo De NorEmbroidered kimono, £148 from Free PeoplePatchwork kimono, £24.99 from New LookFloral print kimono, £32 from WarehouseREAD MORE: 10 Chic Weekend Bags That Will Ensure You Always Travel In StyleREAD MORE: 11 Printed Dresses That Will Upgrade Your Look In An InstantREAD MORE: 7 Brands To Stock Up On When Holiday Shopping© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Topshop heiress Chloe Green has proven that even she is not immune to the charms of high street mecca Zara, after being photographed wearing a floral kimono by the Spanish brand.The 26-year-old is currently in the throes of one of the weirdest hook-ups ever, dating Internet-famous model 'the hot felon' (AKA Jeremy Meeks), and is flaunting it while on holiday in Barbados.While there, she's been showcasing a series of fashion-forward looks at the Crop Over festival, including a bejewelled bikini that gives Rihanna's own extravagant carnival outfit a run for its money.Chloe is one of Topshop's biggest supporters, often spotted wearing the brand and sitting front row at its shows during London Fashion Week. She's even close friends with Topshop collaborator Kate Moss, and has previously designed her own shoe collection for the brand.But as proven by her kimono, no one can resist the trend-led designs of Zara. In recent years, the Spanish shop has become the king of the high street, with A-listers including Olivia Palermo championing its impeccable take on each season's trends.Indeed, the brand has become such a big deal that its founder Amancio Ortega is now the subject of a new fashion documentary, due to air later this year.READ MORE: The Items From Zara's Autumn Collection That You Can Actually Wear NowREAD MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will Love© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Come fashion month, street style photographers are sworn into the four capitals renowned for sartorial talent - London, Paris, Milan and New York.We expect a fashion peacock or two in the British capital, a sea of Gucci-clad bloggers in Milan, Parisian chic à la France and power dressing come New York.But over the past couple of years, Scandinavia has risen from the shadows as an unlikely contender in the sartorial stakes. And for good reason. The Scandi set serve up a seemingly inimitable aesthetic with zero effort (or at least they make it appear that way).Residents of Copenhagen and Stockholm in particular, continually prove to even the most qualified fashion devotees that practicality needn’t trump style, (bloggers travel to shows by bike after all).So in celebration of our northern neighbours' envy-inducing clobber, make sure to check out our top tips on how to fake it as a Scandi this season:Often when you read about Scandi fashion, it emphasises the street style set’s adoration for muted hues and head-to-toe black. And although the Danish and Swedish alike thrive on crisp white shirts and floor-skimming trousers to layer over their Stan’s, the Scandi set aren’t afraid of colour. In fact, last season bloggers were spotted coveting rainbow faux furs, slogan tees and sequins galore.But remember that even though the Scandis embrace trends, they interpret them in their own way. Ganni was behind the influx of the cult pineapple print tees and powder pink cable-knits while primary coloured suits were paired with Adidas sneakers, designed to tackle Copenhagen’s quaint cobbled streets no doubt.So don’t be afraid to embrace quirky prints, slogan emblazoned tees or rainbow faux furs. Just tie them in with Scandi fashion staples - Adidas kicks, Acne leathers and basket bags (yes, even in winter).We’re not just talking trainers here, though they are a key sartorial player to take note of, as slip-ons, backless mules, babouche shoes and Vagabond boots all contribute to a wearable yet fashionable uniform. The Scandi fash pack favour floor-skimming duster jackets, oversized Acne leathers and t-shirt/blazer combos when the cool weather hits.And when the sunshine peeps through, the Nordic bunch dig Ganni cult tees, extreme-cuff shirts and raw-hem jeans out from the back of their wardrobes.But the sartorial key when dressing Scandi-style is making it look effortless so when donning maximalist sleeves and strappy leather mules, drape a blazer over your shoulders and opt for a cross-body bag. Then hop on a bicycle.It’s the trend that keeps on giving. Silky trackpants, Champion hoodies and tinted aviator sunnies aren’t going anywhere anytime soon. In true Scandi style, shop the Wood Wood x Champion collection or invest in a Double Trouble personalised sweater this season.If you fancy opting for a maximalist approach, ditch trainers for embellished, strappy heels and keep your phone in a minute clutch.The bigger the better. Bloggers have been coveting maximalist sleeves for the past few years, and each season seems to get more daring.Whether you favour flute sleeves or wide-cuffed shirts, the fashion world is your oyster. Simply half-tuck your top into flared trousers or jeans and you're sure to do the Scandis proud.One trend that crops up at the biannual fashion week was bred in the nineties yet remains an absolute fashion corker. Simply layer a silky spaghetti-strap slip dress over a logo-emblazoned tee and finish with converse, (note that the Swedes often favour Comme Des Garcons here).When the cooler weather blows in, throw a bomber jacket over the ensemble and shade yourself from the winter sun with a pair of oversized sunnies.Why covet head-to-toe black when you can drench your wardrobe in rainbow hues this season? We've already made a case for sunshine shades after lusting over this season's collections so embrace the trend and clash vibrant hues this month.We particularly love the highly coveted pink and red combo that still dominates our Instagram feed. Simply don the traffic light shade and accessorise with complimentary pink. It's perfection when snapped on camera.READ MORE: This Is The Fashion Item Every Blogger Is Coveting This SeasonREAD MORE: This Is The 'It' Fashion Colour Of 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Funnily enough, I’ve always found it really awkward’, 27-year-old Lesley Buckle says of having her photo taken. With near-to 128,000 Instagram followers across two accounts, this isn’t what one would expect of an ‘influencer’. ‘I’ve always been quite shy, so that was the main reason that I started doing social media, to put myself out there.’Lesley, who runs the blog Fresh Lengths and works as an ASOS Insider, spends her days taking, editing and captioning pictures of herself and her life. What started in 2012 as merely a passion project about her hair has grown into a full-time source of employment for the Dagenham-based multi-hyphenate. ‘When I graduated it was just like a hair journal,’ she recalls, ‘and suddenly in the last two years it became more than a blog.’With bodacious curls and eighties eyewear, Lesley stands out among the 20-or-so other ASOS-sponsored Instagrammers, but that wasn’t always the case. ‘The main reason I didn’t have curly hair for such a long time was because I didn’t want to stick out, I wanted my hair to be straight. I just wanted to be like everyone else.’ She candidly recalls. ‘All my friends had straight hair and I couldn’t understand why mine wasn’t like that. I didn’t understand why my skin was a different colour.’ In the process of growing her legions of fans, Lesley has also embraced what makes her unique.For Lesley, the simple act of growing her hair was enough to find her an audience. In 2012’s white-washed world of social media, she wowed with her extension-free, healthy waist-length locks. ‘I had really damaged hair because I had used chemical relaxers to straighten my natural hair since I was quite young. It was really broken and damaged’, Lesley recollects. After research, patience and a lot of conditioner, it began to grow, and grow, and grow. Swishing behind her, she took photos, which went viral as the Afro-Caribbean online hair community kept asking her, 'How did you do that?'At first she didn’t tell her friends or family that she had found digital fame. ‘It was quite strange really, I was completely private,’ she laughs.  But, then the brands and money came calling and its viability as an occupation changed the course of her blog. But, this was also the moment when she decided, it couldn’t only be about her hair. Using the momentum of the internet, she expanded her focus and started talking about fashion and beauty. Afterall, Lesley has a background in writing as she has been working with magazines since graduating from university.Letting her hair grow curly has been Lesley’s biggest leap of faith. She began to ask herself whether she was growing her hair straight for herself or for her audience and eventually decided to grow out her relaxed locks without topping up the roots. ‘At first I didn’t intend to go natural, but as my hair would grow, I’d wait longer and longer before booking relaxer treatments’, she remembers, ‘I was waiting for first four months, then five months, then six months until my next relaxer and then I thought "you know what, I don’t want to relax my hair anymore.”’ Rather than cutting it short, she let the straight hair grow off, so it was a slow process, but one that’s define her style.As Lesley’s hair changed, so did her sense of style. ‘I used to dress quite old for my age a few years ago. I’d always be quite smart. But in the last few years, I’ve become more casual and wear a lot more sneakers,’ she reminisced. Now her wardrobe is stuffed with trainers, particularly Converse, Vans and adidas Gazelles. Whether it’s a special occasion or a day shooting for her website, Lesley always finds herself wearing trainers. Her trick is to keep them boxfresh, revealing she ‘usually keeps baby wipes’ in her bag for the just-in-case moments.One of her most heart warming experiences came as she documented her evolving style. Though she regularly gets recognised wandering around Topshop, she received an extra special message from a fan recently. ‘The other day a mum said she had told her girls to follow me because they don’t have anyone that looks like them at school. They felt ugly basically just because they had curly hair and seeing me made them feel beautiful. I don’t know how true that is but it was just a really sweet message to get.'Lesley plans to expand her website and inspire more people in the future. ‘I’ve become more of an Instagrammer,’ she says. 'I want to put more towards the blog and maybe move on to different subjects like travel and lifestyle - there’s just so much of myself that isn’t online.’Shop Lesley's tee here and her shoes here, both from adidas. **Plus, shop the full Campus range here.If you'd like a chance to win a pair of adidas Campus shoes, just answer the question below and register your details. Good luck! Like this? You might also be interested in:Maya Jama On Navigating The Politics Of Female FashionWalking In Her Shoes: Rhiannon BarryThis Is What It's Like To Walk In An Influencer's ShoesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hundreds and thousands of people Google ‘how to dress like Alexa Chung’ each year, but while they’ll find millions (literally) of articles answering their query, they won’t necessarily uncover the little-known gem that’s called Gestuz. Though, it doesn’t advertise itself as such, this elegant Scandi label ticks all of the Chung boxes. It’s boyish and striking, on-point with its palette and roguish in its silhouettes. Chung-lite overalls and mini skirts are paired with downy knitwear, lurex tops and killer outerwear. After deep-diving into their online shop, here are 11 pieces we would by if our overdraft would allow it. Gird your credit cards before you scroll on.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by adidas.‘I buy something from ASOS every two or three days,’ admits Karen De Caux. ‘When you start working there, your wardrobe grows exponentially!’ A never-ending clothing collection: just one occupational hazard of working for the world’s most popular e-commerce site.As Supplier Marketing Manager at ASOS’ London HQ, much of what Karen wears to work is based around her diary. ‘If I’ve got a lot on I’ll unquestionably wear trainers to make running from A to B easier. Then I think about who I’m meeting and, if it’s a specific brand, I’ll always wear something by that brand. It’s just polite.’Thankfully, given the ‘wear what you want’ culture at the fashion brand, no number of meetings will force her into being suited and booted. ‘I don’t feel obliged to look typically smart; I’d never wear a blazer or a suit. I treat an outfit like an artwork, because it’s all about composition and playing with different textures, proportions and colours. You have a bit more license to be creative with what you wear when you work at a fashion brand.’And it’s that creative license that’s had the biggest influence on Karen’s wardrobe during her two and a half years with the online retailer – well, that and the discount. ‘Working at ASOS has definitely given me the confidence to experiment more. I’m subconsciously inspired by everyone around me, but because everyone who works there also shops there, you quickly have to get used to everyone buying the same things.‘Every so often there’ll be a key item that you love, but that six other people in your peripheral vision have – the red satin top I’m wearing in the shoot was one of those, but you just have to deal with it! I rarely shop elsewhere. I’ll occasionally pop to & Other Stories, Cos and maybe Liberty.’With everyone walking around wearing whatever they please, and becoming more experimental by the day, it’s easy to assume there must be a catty side to life at the big fashion brand – sort of like the, ‘Oh my God, I love your skirt!’ scene in Mean Girls (if you don’t know, Google it). However, Karen assures us, it’s actually the opposite. ‘There’s a real compliment culture. If someone wears something cool you’ll always tell them, and if someone’s not sure about wearing a piece that’s a bit out there you’ll always encourage them.‘Equally if you’re having an off day you can roll in wearing joggers, a T-shirt, some trainers and no make-up if you feel like it, and literally no-one judges. It’s a really nice environment.’While off days are definitely allowed, what key piece does Karen have in her armour to ensure she can always look like she’s ‘on’, should a client meeting make joggers a less likely choice? ‘My go-to is a good jumpsuit. If I’ve got stuff to worry about during the day, I don’t want to be worrying about my outfit too, and jumpsuits are amazing for that. I probably have 10 different ones for when I don’t want to think about pairing up a top and bottoms; I’ll just chuck one on with some trainers.‘If I’m going out after work I’ll stick some heels on and if I want to step it up a notch I’ll always wear statement jewellery. Sometimes it’s the little things that really complete a look, so I’ll go to Dominic Jones, Shaun Leane or Monica Vinader, or I’ll buy stuff on Otiumberg. I’m a bit of a tomboy, so I’m not very into dresses, but Realisation Par and Reformation do some amazing ones for when I need to dress up.’And what about weekends – can you legitimately separate your working wardrobe from your off-duty look when you don’t even nearly have a uniform? ‘Weekends are when I’m generally in a yoga outfit or wearing comfies. I don’t wear make-up, I have my hair scraped back and it’s all about comfort. I walk around hoping that I won’t bump into anyone from work!’Shop Karen's shoes here and joggers here, both from adidas. Plus, shop the full Campus range here.If you'd like a chance to win a pair of adidas Campus shoes, just answer the question below and register your details. Good luck!READ MOREThe Crop Top All The Instagram Girls Are Wearing This SummerMeet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The Moment© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it's our trusty trainers or killer heels, we all have a pair of shoes that we like to rely on in this great game of life.The classic brogues that will see us through that nerve-wracking presentation. The time-worn plimsols that are our go-to companion on a lengthy commute. The leather wedges that encapsulate everything that's great about summer.But, says one of the world's leading footwear entrepreneurs, we should avoid wearing the same shoes over and again.WATCH: Miranda Priestly's iciest slightsJim Kass, of American shoe empire Allen Edmonds, reckons the best way to extend a shoe's lifespan is to rotate what you wear from day to day.This is because we all sweat into our shoes on a daily basis, Kass explains to Business Insider.Perspiration is completely normal and we all do it; but you need to give your trainers, flats or whatever it is that you wear, enough time to dry off before using them again."If you wear the same pair everyday, your shoes don't have ample time to dry and they won't maintain their shape," Kass says.If you really want to get pro about it, you should consider investing in a few shoe trees.These will work to keep your shoes in shape and soak up the sweat after a day's wear (grim, but true).Now that's knowledge we bet shoe aficionado Carrie Bradshaw never knew...Read More: 21 Dresses For A Beach Wedding And BeyondRead More: It's Not Too Early To Think About Our Next Season Coat© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by adidas.At just 18 years old, Lottie Tomlinson has already achieved a lot. She's already released a makeup range with Nails Inc, and has a book coming out later this year.She spoke to Grazia about how she prefers to be comfy and feel completely herself at all times. Lottie is one for always choosing trainers over heels, owns more tracksuits than she cares to admit, and likes to mix-and-match the tops to the bottoms. She says that the tracksuit is definitely her go to item because its comfort and simplicity allows her to express herself in other ways, with exciting hair and, of course, makeup.Watch Lottie's video interview, below:Shop Lottie's adidas hoodie here. Plus, shop the full Campus range here.READ MOREThe Crop Top All The Instagram Girls Are Wearing This SummerMeet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The Moment© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In this day and age, we know that sexual coercion does not and should not need to be legitimised. We know that the internet has bred revenge porn and the damage it can do. We know about the pressure young people are under to look a certain way, act a certain way and the damaging, bullying behaviour they can be subjected to. So, why the heck then did Misguided think it was a good idea to decorate their Westfield Stratford and Bluewater shopping centre stores with a neon pink sign reading, ‘Send me nudes x’?As the brand, which caters to a largely young female crowd lived up to its name, it's attracted the fury of shoppers. Tweets have spread like wildfire urging the company to take action. Rachel Gardner who originally lambasted the store, wrote on Twitter: ‘What hope is there for girls when the stores they shop in give them this message? @Missguided it's time to respect girls & remove this sign.’The sign prompted youth worker Tim Gough to write an open letter to Nitin Passo, CEO of Misguided. He said, ‘It may be that you’re ignorant to either the sexual pressures of young people, or the law regarding sexting culture. Young people are under enormous pressure to produce and send sexually explicit pictures of themselves via the internet and on their smart devices… Legally, asking a young person to ‘send nudes’ is asking them to engage in the creation and distribution of child pornography. Your sign, thus your brand, is complicit in that.’‘As a brand marketing to the 16-35-year-old female consumer bracket, having such a sign on your wall is simply shameful and reckless. You have a responsibility to liberate the girls to which you sell your clothing, helping them to feel empowered and stand against the abusive peer pressure they increasingly face.’ He added.A petition was seeded out, which has close to 6,500 signatures, asked the brand to take down the sign and ‘respect girls more’. And, within 24 hours the brand have given way and agreed to remove this damaging message from public spaces. However, this isn’t the only troubling ‘tongue-in-cheek’ decoration Misguided has to deal with. While this battle may be won and this sign is coming down, another still hangs that reads: 'Get Naked!'. Lets hope Misguided learns from this lesson and decides on their own accord to remove this offensive message.Photo courtesy of Rachel Gardner (@RachelGardnerRA)Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rejoice because bodysuits and disco pants will be back on the agenda in just two short weeks’ time as American Apparel is making a comeback. Like a phoenix rising from the ashes, the long beleaguered but much-loved basics line has been resurrected by new (Canadian) owners.If you’ve been hankering for mom jeans and tube socks, then you’re in luck as the soon-to-relaunch website promises to carry American Apparel’s ‘historic offerings’. Though the new bosses say they will breathe new life into the Cali brand, they’ve promised to carry the defunct label’s old classics. YAY bodycon dresses and hoodies, here we come!Controversy stalked the LA label – thanks to its persistently sexist ex-CEO Dov Charney – before it eventually went bankrupt last year. As we did our best to find a replacement that could sell affordable marl t-shirts at the same price, it’s new owners Gildan Activewear spent £67million buying out the company.WATCH: How To: Post-Pool Hair As the new owners have their fingers in Under Armour and New Balance's pies, they already know a thing or two about mass-producing fashion. With that in mind, they are aiming to re-energise the brand by trading its essential items wholesale (in the way that Fruit of the Loom does) to third-party brands that later customise them. So, expect to see the AA swing tag hanging in some unexpected places.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The tricksy nature of fashion means that next season’s hot buys drop in store just when you’re least likely to wear them. While the weather is currently in flux, it’s ostensibly summer in England, which means coats are our last priority. However, this also happens to be the week that they start appearing in stores and filling up the online racks. Go figure. Though you may not feel like ripping off the swing-tag and throwing one on right now, these are the 16 coats you’ll be hankering after come fall. Go adult and get ahead by buying one while it’s still in stock!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ah the humble midi dress, it really can do no wrong. Whether you simply can't be arsed to shave above the knee or you're looking for the perfect 'meet the parents' frock, the midi always has your back. So, cast your mini aside (actually don't do that, mini's are cute too), throw away your razor (hello, hairy knees) and start adding these to your saved items because here are six of the best (and of course big-boob-friendly) midis on ASOS right now.Midi Dress with One Sleeve and Ruched Detail in Animal Print, £42, ASOS; Picture Perfect Pointed High Heels, £30, ASOSI'll admit, I'm a total magpie when it comes to leopard print. One look at the stuff and I can't help adding to bag so when this treat hit new in I made no exceptions. The solo sleeve, cinched waist and adjustable ties mean it's super flattering on a sizeable bosom.Trapeze Peplum Midi Dress, £75, ASOS White; Adilette Slider Sandals In Black, £30, adidasYou know those days when you just need to chuck on something that makes you feel chic AF? Ok, I guess that's every day, but we're off to a seriously good start with this one. Paired with a basic white tee or just flying solo, all this blue baby needs is a trusty pair of slides, and you're good to go. Oh, and the thick straps (music to my ears) are more than ideal for all my busty babes out there.One Shoulder Cotton Midi Dress in Bright Gingham, £45, ASOSSpent SS17 obsessing over gingham? Then the time has come for you to invest in oversized check. This off the shoulder pastel pick is literally made to be paired with your favourite white kicks (and a Lil’ bit of sun of course). FYI, you’ll definitely need a strapless bra for this one, and you’ve been warned the waistband is seriously confusing (answer: double wrap it).One Sleeve Scarf Neck Tie Midi Tea Dress, £35, ASOS; Picture Perfect Pointed High Heels, £30, ASOSOk, so I guess this only just makes the cut as a midi - you can, in fact, see my fluffy knees in all their glory - but it's far too good not to mention. Also, you may have noticed that it is, in fact, another one shoulder frock (sorry, there appears to be a running theme here) and with a super cute frilled hem and neck tie detail, what's not to love?Sweat Dress with Metallic Pleated Skirt, £30, ASOS; Loved Up Wide Fit Tie Leg Ballet Flats, £18, ASOSSoon enough we’ll be back to dressing top to toe, in as many layers as humanly possible (anyone else sort of excited?) so why not kick cold weather off with a cosy jumper dress. Notoriously recognised as being unkind to those blessed with breasts, I’m here to say that these comfy creatures are totally misconstrued. Just look at it! Add a sensible pair of pumps, and this definitely makes for meet-the-parents-material.Prairie Midi Dress With Open Back, £42, ASOSBig titty committee: I'm pretty sure this one has been made especially for us. Sure, it has a high-neck but don't let that put you off, it's cut perfectly for an ample bosom, and the 'low' back is in fact high enough to cover your bra strap, GENIUS. I think it's safe to say that whoever designed this mid-length prairie delight, must be the owner of a sizeable pair of knockers and I salute them.Liked this? You might also be interested in:We Tried On The Best Pieces From Asos For Girls With Big BoobsWe Tried On All The Tricky Stuff For Big Boobs On Asos To Prove Everyone WrongHey, Brides, We Tried On Dresses That Will Make Bridesmaids Look Cute**Follow Lotte on Instagram @asos_lotte[](https://www.instagram.com/lucyalicemorris/)**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While we hate the term 'girl crush', if we had to use it to describe anyone, it would definitely be Chrissy Teigen. Not only does she rule social media with her witty putdowns of Trump, her trolling of her haters and oversharing to prove she's just like us, she's also got an impeccable sense of style.Case in point is her holiday wardrobe while on her recent city break to Venice. The 31-year-old supermodel and mother-of-one debuted a brand new vacation look inspired by the golden age of Hollywood. While we love her green jungle-print jumpsuit (we're getting major Jennifer Lopez slashed-to-the-naval Versace vibes from this) it's her choice of headwear that we want to talk about - the turban.The perenially stylish accessory, which has been worn by the likes of Audrey Hepburn, Grace Kelly and Marlene Dietrich, hasn't been seen on our Insta-feeds for some time now, so spotting it yesterday came as something of a revelation. Her opulent green design, which featured an intricate rose-bud knot on the front, was the perfect finishing touch to her thoroughly put-together outfit.What's more, it seems that Teigen's choice of headwear wasn't a one-off - she chose to wear it with an entirely different look later in the day.Although turbans have enjoyed several renaissances on the catwalk of late - appearing as recently in Gucci's autumn/winter 2017 show - they've never made a full-scale comeback on the high street. Could Teigen's turban sway you to join her head-brigade? We're definitely tempted.READ MORE: The 5 Words That Made Donald Trump Finally Block Chrissy Teigen On TwitterREAD MORE: Chrissy Teigen Got Real About Period Skin And We Love Her For It© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the athleisure trend shows zero signs of abating, it would be a smart move to invest in a pair of track pants. Why? Firstly, they are darn comfortable – like a hug for your legs – and secondly, they are cheaper than Vetements. Adidas’ three stripe style is iconic, and it seems nearly every other brand – looking at you Kappa and Champion – riff on it. As you won’t actually be sweating in them, they won’t be put to a HIIT test, so it doesn’t really matter if you buy them branded or from the supermarket as it’s all about the look, not quality with this one.WATCH: A History Of Fashion WeekOne scroll of Instagram and you’ll see just how versatile they are. Rather than sweltering in a matching jacket, like Vicky Pollard, upgrade them with a sharp shirt or a pair of heels, or team them with tailoring. Here’s a handful of ideas to give your trews new life…. best friend day #gucciA post shared by  Sofia Richie (@sofiarichie) on Jun 8, 2017 at 9:41pm PDTSorry, Sofia Richie, all eyes are on your dad here as he’s artfully paired tartan and track pants. The uniformity of colour is lifted by the clash of print and the sophisticated tailoring silhouette. Check, mate. When you realise you really miss school... haha, no just kidding 🦄A post shared by  Doina Ciobanu (@doina) on Apr 26, 2017 at 8:33am PDTFollow Doina Ciobanu’s lead and match the thread of your trackies, in her case the bright pink line of her Vetements x Champion’s pants, with slides. The hot fuchsia diamante crystals sandals create a pleasing juxtaposition to the soft, unstructured trousers and lace-up top.A post shared by Rose Bertram (@rose_bertram) on Jun 13, 2017 at 7:21am PDTTrust model Rose Bertram to make the track pants look date night appropriate. With her ghillie Aquazzura sandals and tucked-in off-the-shoulder top, her un-popped trackies suddenly look graphic and striking. Let's go @aclu_nationwide (and the Dodgers, duh)A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Jul 21, 2017 at 10:42pm PDTThe most unnatural pairing of items goes to Emily Ratajokwski who tucked her Adidas tracks into white pointed boots. The dangerously sharp toe of her heels elevates – literally and metaphysically – the striped pants into a new realm. Add in that ACLU-charity tee, and you have a winning high-low outfit. It's a classic comboA post shared by  JESSICA HORWELL (@jessicahorwell) on Mar 27, 2017 at 6:39pm PDTGym clothes and lace shouldn’t work, but it does. There’s something mysteriously compelling about how counterintuitive this pairing is.Liked this? You might also be interested in:What The F Is Up With Instagrammers And Regency Architecture?Apparently, Instagram Has A Thing For Wearing Rhinestone Tops6 Ways To Get More Life Out Of Your Stan SmithsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Victoria's Secret model Vita Sidorkina just showed off the perfect solution for brides who want to swap their gown half-way through their wedding day without having to go through a complete costume change: a clever 2-in-1 dress.The Russian model wore a custom-made design by red carpet favourite Zuhair Murad for the ceremony, featuring a sheer white lace bodice and princess-style full skirt with layers of tulle.Instagram @supermatinycLater on in the day, when the party was no doubt in full flow, she appeared to have changed: but looking closer, she's just removed the floor-sweeping skirt to reveal a full-length fitted lace dress underneath, perfect for the evening festivities.Instagram @vitasidorkinaThe Pinterest-friendly wedding also saw her bridesmaids wearing column dresses in a perfect shade of millennial pink.READ MORE: Pippa Middleton's Wedding In PicturesREAD MORE: 12 Stylish Wedding Guest Dresses You'll Actually Want To Wear Again© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It launched and destroyed Britney Spears’ cinematic career in one fell swoop. But, this coming of age film is also a trip down memory lane for anyone who experienced the Noughties first hand. It’s a vision in low-rise jeans and crop tops, butterfly hair clips and lashings of lip gloss.Arguably (only, if you ask me) the best film of 2016, it’s about Elaine, a bewitching raven-haired young woman who has a penchant for blue eyeshadow, coral eyeliner and the 1960s. When she’s not driving in her red convertible around sleepy American backwaters or attempting to make every man fall in love with her, she’s casting spells. It’s a technicolour camp take on retro B-movies that’s A-grade fashion inspo.Don’t know who Gregg Araki is? Then you haven’t lived. Ok, that was a bit harsh, but srsly get down to your local Blockbusters (read: Putlocker) and watch this director’s back catalogue immediately. Of his many glorious films, The Doom Generation is my personal favourite. It stars Rose McGowan and Parker Posey as they head on a road trip across America. It’s an education in ‘90s style and almost definitely where Bella Hadid gets her sunglasses tips from. McGowan’s perfect brunette bob and ability to look sassy in a babydoll are enough reasons to watch it.Starring model Milla Jovovich, directed by Luc Besson and with costumes designed by Jean-Paul Gaultier this movie should be amazing. However, it’s earnt its cult status in spite of its ludicrous plot, which sees Leeloo (Milla) who is the embodiment of the fifth element (think: sibling of earth, wind and fire) fall to earth and into the arm of Bruce Willis, a 23rd Century Uber driver. Yep, it has a lot of eyebrow raising twists, but Milla dons a jaw-dropping bandage outfit and has the type of rave kid orange hair we all secretly want to try at some point in our lives.Take Orange Is The New Black’s Natasha Lyonne (who plays Megan), add a bucketful of pink and a dose of sardonic homophobia, and you’ll be close to understanding the magic of But, I’m A Cheerleader. Everyone but Megan has guessed she’s a lesbian because she eats tofu, likes Melissa Etheridge and has a passion for Georgia O’Keeffe’s vag-like flowers. But, it’s only when she turns up at a fuschia coloured homosexual reform camp called True Directions does the lighting bolt hit her. It may look fluffy and amateur, but this film has more bite than it’s given credit.It’s hard to think about The Warriors, which is about a turf war between New York’s fancy dressed gangs in the 1970s, without noting how camp it is. It’s hard to think of this flick as gritty like it was intended to be, when you’re watching be-quiffed men in leather waistcoats fighting crews dressed as clowns or decked out in baseball uniforms. It may have aimed to be a modern day Greek tragedy about street punks, but it amounted to obscure Halloween costume fodder and comical homoeroticism.So, they kill their best friend with an enormous sweet in the first few minutes of the movie, and we’re all meant to think this is just run-of-the-mill, acceptable BFF behaviour. Regardless of the questionable ethics, this film is pastel coloured perfection with hair to be envious of and closets full of peak 1999 cardigans and pedal pushers.If I could be reincarnated with Ron O’Neal’s wardrobe from Super Fly, I would be mighty happy. The film is a bit dodge with stilted acting and a fuzzy idea of character progression, but between its Curtis Mayfield soundtrack and 1970s suiting it’s worth a triple take. This is one for the Pinterest board.Reigning Queen of Hollywood Meryl Streep stars as the batshit crazy nemesis of Goldie Hawn. The pair are both brutally murderous and thirsty for a life-giving elixir that ensures they never die. Cult classic fodder. Between the floor-length velvet gowns and silk slip dresses, this movie is endlessly chic albeit absolutely bonkers.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Flashback Friday To Britney Spears Defining 2002 In Crossroads 9 Fashionable Non-Fashion Films To Watch This WeekendFashion In Film: We Dissect All This Year's Most Stylish Movies And Let You Shop The LooksFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The ban of ‘Burkini’s’ made the headlines this time last year when France began arresting women for wearing full-body swimwear. Ostentatiously showing a religious affiliation, increasing trouble to public order and bad hygiene were some of the reasons France gave for the prohibition. Any female wearing swimwear that didn’t respect good customs and secularism was consequently arrested and/or barred from visiting the public beaches and swimming.Recently a Muslim beauty queen from London brought this controversial topic to the public’s attention once again. Muna Jama, 27, from Forest Gate caused a stir at this year’s Miss Universe GB competition when she won the right to walk the run way in her Kaftan rather than a traditional bikini. 'I wouldn’t wear a bikini to a beach, so I’m not going to wear one in a competition to score points,' Jama has stated.The Miss Universe Competition, once owned and run by Donald Trump, includes challenges from the national dress round to the swimsuit round, where contestants walk down a runway to a panel of judges who decide which one of them looks the best. Muna, Activist and Model, had applied for the competition once before but instead of challenging the pageant organisers when it came the swimwear round she simply pulled out of the competition. After successfully campaigning against child abuse in East Africa and smashing the first round of Miss Universe GB this year, Muna had the confidence to stand up and be recognised as proud Muslim woman without having to compromise her religious beliefs on the catwalk.The final Miss Universe competition will consist of a three-day event where contestants walk down a runway to hundreds of beauty and fashion insiders. For many this will be a chance to showcase hours of training and aesthetic goals but Muna is using the platform for something new and unprecedented.Like this? You might also be interested in…Forbidden Love Still Exists In The Real World And 'The Big Sick' Is A Reminder Of ThisMeet The Welsh Girls Revolutionising Islamic Fashion It's Time To Take Inspiration From How Blogger Amarachi Ukachu- Rocks Mad Colours And PrintsFollow Rhona on Instagram @goodreststudiosThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Move over Diana, there's another royal wardrobe we want to raid, the one belonging to Princess Caroline of Monaco.In the '80s and '90s the eldest child of the Prince of Monaco and Grace Kelly was the toast of society. Counting  the likes of Karl Lagerfeld, Claudia Schiffer and Jerry Hall as close friends, Caroline was always on the front row at fashion week and at the best parties in Monaco and beyond.Unsurpisingly, she had a killer wardrobe to match. Whether it was an all-white suit, fuschia tutu, or a simple levis and loafers combo, she always looked impeccable.With our obsession with all things '80s and '90s going nowhere fast we decided it was high time to revist the princess' best looks. These are our favourites...Nothing sums up the '80s more than a colour blocking two-piece suit. Whether it's a chic white trouser suit complete with oversized pearls or a skirt suit styles with matching tartan blazer and hat, the princess always completed her ensemble with a chain strap Chanel bag.This was not the era for subtly, something Caroline fully embraced when dressing for big events. Think jewel hued tones, tutu skirts, bold silhouettes and oversized jewellery - ideally all at once.A smart, structured coat was a key part of the power dressing aesthetic. Oversized yet nipped in at the waist, it's a flattering style that will go with just about eveything. This is definitely on out wish list for autumn.When she wasn't attending events, Caroline kept it casual in straight leg jeans, jumpsuits and leather loafers. We'll be chanelling these two looks immediately.The princess was a big fan of the Baywatch style swimsuit (high leg, low back), and liked to complete to look with sunnies, and sometimes a bandana.READ MORE: Why We're Seeking To Imitate Princess Diana's Wardrobe This SeasonREAD MORE: Princess Diana’s 10 Most Iconic Sartorial MomentsREAD MORE: An A-Z Guide On Dressing Like The Queen© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Selena Gomez’s first collaboration with Coach has been unveiled, and we are in love with all of it.On Thursday, it was finally confirmed that the singer was teaming up with Coach Creative Directer Stuart Vevers on a whole new line of accessories. The 11-piece collection includes three carryall bags, card holders, wristlets and bag charms.‘I’m very excited for everyone to finally see the design Stuart and I worked on together,’ Gomez said of the hero piece of the collection: the double-handled carryall bag. ‘I can’t wait to carry it – it’s totally versatile, perfect to wear day-to-night, and it goes with everything.’WATCH: Fashion Heavyweights On Why British Fashion Is GreatThe designs also feature affirmations and empowering messages in Selena's handwriting on the tags, including the words 'Love yourself first' and 'To be you is to be strong'.Selena has been championing the brand a lot this year, and the collaboration has been a long time coming for fans.'It was really fun to create this collection with Selena and design pieces that are cool and feminine like her,' said Creative Director Stuart Vevers. 'When we designed the Selena Grace, it was about exploring the qualities Selena wanted in a bag and creating something that felt personal to her.'The Coach x Selena Gomez collection will be available in Coach stores around the world on September 1 and available for pre-order on August 14.See the rest of the collection in the gallery below:Coach Selena Grace Handbag, $395.Selena Gomez x Coach - Grazia2of10Coach Selena Grace Handbag, $395.Coach Selena Wristlet, $150.Coach Selena Wristlet, $150.Coach Mini Skinny Id Case, $55.Coach Mini Skinny Id Case, $55.Coach Selena Star Bag Charm, $50.Coach Selena Star Bag Charm, $50.Coach Selena Mini Skinny Id Case, $55.Coach Selena Wristlet, $150.READ MORE: Selena Gomez's Style: An A-Z GuideREAD MORE: Selena Gomez Leads The Instagram Rich List© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Before we get started, let's deal with the great unspoken in the cinematic tour de force that is the 1998 adaptation of The Parent Trap: twins Hallie Parker and Annie James were brats. They had butlers, palaces and dreamy, perfect parents, yet their hijinks tore apart relationships and caused drama on a cross-continental scale. That said, they did it all while being dress impeccably.When the film that made Lindsay Lohan a household name came out, I was at an age where it was acceptable that I would want to dress like the twins. But, nearly two decades on it’s – for some unbeknown reason – treated with scepticism. Why would a fully-grown adult woman (who albeit shirks that title regularly) in her mid/late-20s want to dress like two ginger tweens? From the moment the identical pair, who were separated at birth, meet by chance at an American summer camp to the sweetly neat ending, they never had a hair out of place. Not run of the mill well, but full-blown, Bella Hadid scale chic. Move over Winona Ryder and Gwen Stefani, Hallie and Annie are the real style icons of the ‘90s. Scroll for proof…Sorry, Alexa Chung, Lindsay Lohan has the dreamiest silk Nehru collared dress in her collection. And, it’s millennial pink!I’ve spent hours of my life rifling through vintage stores and at car boots looking for featherweight sportswear that looks as good (read: soft) as this. And, don’t even get me started on how much the current trend for spindly gold necklaces owes to Nancy Meyers.Some call the skirt suit an unsung hero, but I like to think of it like the OG co-ord. And, Lindsay really did it proud in this Aquascutum-lite tartan three-piece (can’t forget that headband)!The Lohans look so preppy it hurts. But, at the same time manage to be the embodiment of my American fantasy life. Though too young to drive, drink or have a life without a permission slip, Lindsay has achieved the peak Hampton's soccer mum wardrobe I aspire to. In other words, she has multiple pastel Ralph Lauren shirts that look freshly starched and free from stains. Dreams.Mondays through to Fridays I aspire to look like a put-together human who doesn’t spill soup down herself and knows how to work a washing machine. But, from 6pm until Sunday evening, it’s fair game to let my biker jacket wearing self-loose. Enter, the physical Lindsay Lohan embodiment of this predicament…Further to my previous point, consider the above. On one side we have marl sportswear done with aplomb, thanks to smooth, sleek hair and box-fresh sneakers. On the other hand, we have punkish tartan cigarette pants, and a fleece worked like this girl reads @baesmentapproved every day.Have you ever seen a more perfect side fringe? No, no you haven’t. Treat those natural highlights and cheek-grazing bangs as fodder for your Pinterest board.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Flashback Friday To Britney Spears Defining 2002 In Crossroads Flashback Friday To Girls’s Aloud's Truly Terrible Early Noughties WardrobesAll The Worst Make-Up Trends From Your YouthFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If we're going to take fashion advice from anyone, it's Kate Moss. The perenially stylish Brit is the new face of Reserved, a Polish brand set to take over the British high street when it opens its first UK store next month.Taking up residence in the old BHS space on Oxford Street (sniff) the 2,300 sq ft flagship will be a welcome addition to the British high street thanks to its trend-led collections that drop in stores every two weeks. Already stocked in 18 countries and with 450 stores worldwide, it's Poland's answer to Zara, and will no doubt be greeted with pleasure by local ex-pats in the UK.'The opening of Reserved Oxford Street is an important move for us' explained co-founder and CEO Marek Piechocki. 'London is a fashion capital and having a presence in this prestigious location will be another step towards building global recognition of Reserved as a brand and LPP as a company.'Hoping to capture Londoners imagination by casting its most famous face, there will be new campaign images shot by renowned photographer Daniel Jackson dropping every few weeks between now and the store opening.Indeed, Mossy even styled herself for the shoot, being asked to pick what she would wear from the shop floor. Of course, the end result was a leather mini skirt, black tee and just-got-out-of-bed hair.The British high street is already known for its diversity, thanks to a plethora of European and American stores, including Spanish chains Zara and Mango, Scandi favourites H&M, Cos and & Other Stories and US exports Forever 21 and J Crew. This autumn also sees the arrival of Arket and Weekday - both Scandinavian - but could Reserved mean the rise of Polish style? We'll have to wait and see.READ MORE: Arket: What To Expect From H&M's New BrandREAD MORE: Weekday: What To Expect From The London Launch© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What shoe do you wear with sweatpants? A sneaker, probably. A heel if you’re feeling fancy. But, a boot, probably not? However, if you’re the type of celebrity that gets the gossip mags drooling and the fashion girls fawning, then there’s only one shoe to choose from: a high-heeled, pointed-toe calf-grazing boot.Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Emily Ratajkowski have made a habit of shocking with their clothing choices. However, it’s usually because they’ve left their bras at home or done something so bonkers the Daily Mail is in meltdown, like wear a crop top. But, actually, this time, they have worn something quite head scratching.Kendall, who has fallen for this trend so hard she’s worn it more than once, was an early adopter of this styling trick. The model has made an art form of tucking her ballooning trews into a pair of ankle boots. She’s done it with snakeskin shoes and side-striped pants, and chocolate-coloured velour trackies and lace-up Yeezy’s. The look flirts with juxtaposition and gives the ungainly amount of sweatpant fabric a funnel to be slimmed in to.Kim Kardashian debuted her rendition of Kendall’s outfit just yesterday. She slipped the hem of her black joggers into pointed snakeskin kitten heels. And, in a similar move, Emrata paired her Adidas sweats with sharp-toed white boots. They say, three is a trend, so maybe this styling trick really is worth a go…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How often have you left the house and realised that you've dressed completely inappropriately for the weather? Or arrived at a new destination on holiday and been over optimistic about how warm it is? Now Uniqlo has the perfect solution: a vending machine stocked with everything you might need.Launching in 10 locations across America, the new Uniqlo To Go machines will stock mens and womens long-sleeved Heattech T-shirts and lightweight jackets in a variety of sizes and colours, for those occasions when you really wish you'd checked the weather before leaving the house.WATCH: Why the British fashion industry is the bestPopping up at airports and shopping malls with heavy footfall, they're hoping to catch customers in a rush to buy something conveniently without wanting to wait in line at a store. The first machine opened today at Oakland Airport in California.'At the airport, you don't have a lot of time to wait in line and explore a store,' Uniqlo's U.S. marketing chief Marisol Tamaro told The Wall Street Journal.It comes after Zara launched in-store self-service checkout machines last year in an attempt to offer customers a more streamlined experience.READ MORE: Ikea's Collaboration With Danish Design Brand Hay Is All Kinds Of Scandi GreatnessREAD MORE: Proenza Schouler Support Planned Parenthood With New Video Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sometimes you find a song, a piece of art or a book that speaks to you, now meet the brand that does the same. Called Jac Vanek, it’s a Californian company that’s really nailed the millennial state of mind.The label speaks in memes and spells out our shower thoughts. It makes sassy, affordable t-shirts, clutches, mugs, homeware and stationery. Personal highlights include a travel cup that reads: ‘Currently experiencing life at a rate of 35 WTF’s per hour’, and a phone case that says: ’My patience is dying faster than my phone battery.’Jac Vanek, the founder of the brand, began her internet journey like many of us: blogging. In the early days of the internet, she found peers via LiveJournal (remember that site?!) and quickly learnt the World Wide Web’s distinctive language of hashtags and quips. After catching wind that her sense of humour was well perceived, she started making statement bracelets before expanding into clothing, accessories and home goods. Back when her digital journey began, in 2007, Jac was a self-proclaimed emo – I mean weren’t we all? – and though she has since moved on to a manic pixie dream girl phrase, she’s definitely kept her emosh wit.WATCH: What Does It Mean To Be A Woman In 2017...From the many sardonic merch on site,  here are the pieces that really get us… Why am I like this??????? Tag your 3 friends and get this zip pouch on JACVANEK.COM! 💕✌🏻️⚡️💋A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Jul 15, 2017 at 3:24pm PDT There's only a few of the emo kid tees left in each size on JACVANEK.COM! Tag your fav emo in the comments and snag yours before they're goneeeeee. ✌🏻️💕⚡️💋A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Jul 13, 2017 at 6:56pm PDT If your vacay possibilities are bleak af, I've got a candle for you! Tag a friend who needs it and get yours on JACVANEK.COM! 💕✌🏻️💋✨A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Jul 25, 2017 at 5:12pm PDT Thank god it's Saturday. ✌🏻️ I've restocked your favs on JACVANEK.COM! Tag a friend who needs this mug and go get your shop on. 💕✨☕️A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Jul 1, 2017 at 2:02pm PDT There's only a few of the sunshine tees left on JACVANEK.COM! Tag your fav little ray of sunshine in the comments and go snag yours. ☀️🔥⚡️🌞✨🌟💫A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Jun 30, 2017 at 5:12pm PDT Raise your hand if you feel personally victimized by the 6am alarm clock. 🙋🏼 I've got lots of new goodies up on JACVANEK.COM! Tag a friend who needs this mug and go get your shop on. 💕☕️✨👌🏻💋A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Jun 9, 2017 at 8:30am PDT Story. Of. My. Life. Tag a friend who needs this zip pouch and get yours on JACVANEK.COM! 💕👌🏻💋✨A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on May 30, 2017 at 5:36pm PDT The dogs tank is ✨RESTOCKED✨ on JACVANEK.COM! Tag your fav dog lover in the comments and get yours before they sell out again! 🐶💕⚡️👌🏻A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on May 24, 2017 at 1:44pm PDT Mid day slump, anyone??? I've got lots of fun new accessories up on JACVANEK.COM! Tag a friend who needs this mug and go shop. 💕👌🏻✨💋✌🏻️A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Jun 1, 2017 at 2:30pm PDT Have you checked out my new collection on JACVANEK.COM yet??? Everything is suuuuuuper limited quantities, so tag your favorite bitch and go snag your favorites before they sell out! 💕💦😈⚡️A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on Apr 26, 2017 at 1:12pm PDT Got a case of the mondays? This mug is for you. ☕️ Tag a friend who needs it and go get your shop on JACVANEK.COM! 💕✌🏻️✨💋A post shared by  Jac Vanek (@jacvanek) on May 1, 2017 at 1:40pm PDTLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How does a social media editor stay looking and feeling her best? It’s an apt question for anyone whose job doesn’t stick to the 9-to-5 schedule. And it’s one that Pip Jones answered when we called her at her 'pretty chilled out'  workplace in East London. So what’d she say?Well, if you’re Jones, the Social Media Editor at Office Shoes, you fully embrace your trainer obsession and make it work—in the real world. Think unique eBay finds mixed with unashamedly athletic pieces. Add a hint of gold and suddenly it’s a cool working woman statement. When it comes to a modern working wardrobe, it’s all about reinventing the old power-dressing rules.Then again, Jones’ morning commute takes her to Old Street, a thriving creative enclave that encourages individual style. Particularly in the super-relaxed ecommerce department that she works in, the smart-casual dress code is open to interpretation. A trackpant is deemed office-appropriate with a polished shoe; a masculine top paired with silky pants strikes a good impression with colleagues. 'Yes, I have to look presentable and not too scruffy,' says Jones. 'But what’s nice is how little I need to think about my outfit in the morning.'It’s a welcome change from when Jones worked as a personal shopper. What she wore really mattered to the role. Nowadays, comfort take priority. She wears whatever she wants as long as it’s appropriate for the day. Which means that she can relax into a cute band t-shirt with a tracksuit bottom or high-waist boyfriend jeans—her go-to look of the moment.This is not to say Jones doesn’t enjoy a chance of dressing up. 'If people know me, they know there’s not a lot of consistency in my style,' she says, matter-of-factly. 'I like what I like when I like it. I wear it when I fancy wearing it.' Her clothes run the gamut: she’s a loyal wearer of Levi’s 501 jeans, but she also owns a number of statement pieces, like a hot pink suede dress with tassels on the sleeves that she found accidentally on eBay.Inconsistency may be one thing, but you won’t find Jones revealing too much. That’s what weekends are for. A crop top with a pair of high-waist trousers, she says, is the perfect outfit for a night out. For work? Not so much.And she really is passionate about shoes. What began as Jones raiding grandmother’s shoes and parading around the house in them ('even though the shoes were too big for me,' she confesses), quickly turned into an fascination. Just check out her closet situation. Below impeccably organized clothes rails where she can 'see all of her clothes all at the same time' are two stacks of shoe racks with three levels apiece. How many pairs? She can’t say for sure.But she does have a weekly playlist. 'I wear black and white Vans Old Skool trainers because they just go with everything,' she says. 'I have my Nike Tuned 1 trainers in black and my adidas EQT—super comfortable and great for running around if I’m going to be busy that day.'Jones is, perhaps, more in tune with the city’s laid-back vibe than others. She refuses to keep a mini wardrobe in the office. No back-up pair of heels under her desk. No extra set of clothes in a drawer. Her sartorial choices are independent of business and pleasure. 'If it’s the case of going out after work and catching up with friends over a drink,' she continues, 'I tend to stay as I am.'There is one notable exception: brand meetings. Bumping shoulders with reps from adidas and Dr. Martens are the norm when a major campaign is about to launch, and it does make Jones conscious of her footwear. 'If I know the particular brand, I will try to make sure that I’m wearing that product,' she says, candidly. 'Considering we stock so many products, it’s nice to show them which styles I like and that I support them.' Call it a self-imposed courtesy.Jones follows her own set of rules. Take a recent outfit she wore to a wedding party. She paired a strapless nude top with multi-coloured, wide-leg trousers and white sandals. She pinned her short hair back, and the makeup was neutral. The look was bold, but hardly inappropriate. And that’s because her rules are simple: the clothes have to fit. The rest is history.Forget size, age, skin tone, or even job description. 'You shouldn’t feel like you have to follow any trend,' she continues, 'but don’t be scared to wear those wide trousers if you like them.' If the shoe (or “those wide trousers,” she says) fits, go ahead and rule the world in it; you won’t regret that you did.Shop Pip's windbreaker here, navy shoes here and her pink shoes here, all from adidas. **Plus, shop the full Campus range here.If you'd like a chance to win a pair of adidas Campus shoes, just answer the question below and register your details. Good luck! Like this? You might also be interested in:Walking In Her Shoes: Rhiannon BarryWalking In Her Shoes: Clio PeppiattMaya Jama On Navigating The Politics Of Female FashionThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Images: @shotfromthestreet, @lucywilliams02Searching for a wedding guest dress can often seem like an daunting task. Finding a dress for a beach wedding seems like an impossible one. Striking the right balance between smart and casual while also taking into account the added practical dilemmas of dressing for a beach location, and probably some hot and sweaty weather and you have the makings of a sartorial nightmare.Fear not though, we are here to help. We've rounded up our top wedding guest dress trends suitable for beach nupitals as well as an edit of our favourite shopping picks. Scroll down to see...Are you a bride looking for a dress for your beach big day? Check out our choices here. Whether it's Hawaiian inspired florals or candy coloured stripes, hot weather and colourful prints go together like gin and tonic. Embrace your inner maximalist and go bold, or go home.Mara Hoffman, £389Diane Von Furstenberg, £330Spotted on countless Instagram stars this season, the wrap dress could well be the 'it' style of the summer. Supremely flattering, whether you opt for a flowing maxi or 90s feel mini, both would work a dream for any upcoming seaside nuptials.Nobody's Child, £30Relisation Par, £170WATCH NOW: Haute Couture Fashion WeekThe 90s slip has been making a steady return the past few summers but this year it's had a makeover. Look for cute cut-out details, talking-point prints, and thigh high splits for a fresh take on the trend. While a slip dress may be a little bit bare for a classic church 'do, it works pefectly for a beach wedding.Reformation, £164Topshop, £39Thinking practically for a minute, the main concern at a beach wedding is beating the heat. An easy solution comes courtesy of a airy backless (or part backless dress). There is something very elegant about a high neck, low back style which makes it an ideal option for a wedding.Halston Heritage, £415Mango, £89.99Highlighter yellow is not the easiest of hues to pull of in grey and dreary England, however, on a sundrenched beach it's a whole different story. Make the most of the most of this moment and try a flowing neon maxi.Miss Guided, £35Finery, £119Mara Hoffman, £254Saloni, £440ICYMI, red is the new millenial pink, and when better to invest in this standout shade than an upcoming destination wedding? Take the dancing emoji as your inspiration and hunt out a scarlet midi like the above two gems.Check out some of our favourite shopping picks in the gallery below...Patterned dress, £69.99 from H&Mwedding guest dress for beach 2of9Patterned dress, £69.99 from H&MPrinted off-shoulder dress, £49.99 from MangoSpotted dress, £59 from & Other StoriesFiesta print dress, £79 from & Other StoriesRuffle slip dress, £49.99 from TopshopEmbroidered floral-jacquard silk dress, £850 from SaloniSilk-habotai maxi dress, £500 from KalitaOff the shoulder dress, £76 from WarehouseHalterneck maxi dress, £768 from Borgo De NorREAD MORE: 20 Wedding Dresses For Beach BridesREAD MORE: The Best High Street Wedding DressesREAD MORE: These Are The Biggest Wedding Trends According To Pinterest© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yes, it’s August. And no, we haven’t even had the chance to bare our bods on a beach yet, but may we draw your attention to, wait for it – drum roll please – COATS?There is method in our madness. For right now, this very minute, coats are rolling into stores up and down the country: long ones, furry ones, punchy-coloured ones, ones that are shiny, checked, quilted, plain, fancy, luxury, budget... you name it, they’rebeing dispatched with alarming enthusiasm.WATCH: The Film Moments That Shaped Fashion HistoryCall it the fashion system being woefully out of sync with the climate or salute the retailers ready to catch the early worm.Either way, it has sparked The Coat Commitment Conundrum: to place your bet in the heat of summer or to hold until autumn and run the risk of losing out altogether.Before you dismiss us, we’d ask you this: a) do you agree that a coat is the biggest single wardrobe investment for autumn/winter?b) This being a larger-than-usual purchase, would you ever buy a coat on a whim without giving yourself time for the necessaryresearch? And c) have you ever spotted a coat and thought, I’ll get that when it’s cold enough to wear, only to find it sold out three months ago? If you answered yes to all the above, you’re in the right place. Here, then, are the best coats to buy now that nail all the upcoming trends. You’re welcome.Runaway Wool Long Coat, £180 from French ConnectionCould you commit to a coat? - Grazia2of8Runaway Wool Long Coat, £180 from French ConnectionAtticus Houndstooth Oversized Trench, $1,295 from Tibi.comBonny Bomber Coat, £90 from WeekdayKate Oversized Wool-Blend Felt Coat by Rejina Pyo, £895 from net-a-porter.com](https://www.net-a-porter.com/us/en/product/908976/Rejina_Pyo/kate-oversized-wool-blend-felt-coat)Pink Fluffy jacket, £79.99 from H&MHeaton Check Trench Coat, £475 from TopshopLong Double Breasted Coat, £179 from ZaraMetallic Blue Coat, £175 from UterqüeREAD MORE: Saint Laurent Has Introduced Roller Skate StilettosREAD MORE: Meet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The Moment© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s a new shoe in town, and it’s sure to raise some eyebrows. Saint Laurent has introduced roller skate stilettos. Yeah. They may look somewhat sensational, in a totally bonkers way, and will surely entice die hard Saint Laurent fans, but could anything look more dangerous?The combination of the stiletto – a difficult shoe to master and insanely uncomfortable – with the roller skate – even harder to master and incredibly dangerous when worn by a non-skater – spells disaster. Heelys seemed precarious enough, and those wheels weren’t four inches off the ground.Evocative of 1950s American diners, where waitresses would whirl around in roller skates at ease, Saint Laurent has a history of bringing back the roller blading trend with a high fashion edge, yet this time the emphasis on high. Setting you back a cool £1995, the so-called Anya 100 Patch Pump Rollers ultimately raise questions about practicality. Are we about to see people whizzing around streets in them, weaving through each other at train stations at 20mph? (No, thank you.)Are they about to revolutionise the way we work around the office? The character Jules in the film The Intern rides around her office on a bicycle, making her super agile, so maybe being on wheels is an upcoming wave of workplace efficiency? No desk chairs would be needed, as these shoes would make a case for the standing desk. Not to mention, imagine the workout your legs and abs would be forcibly subject to throughout the day (though we’re not sure our feet could bare the pain).While it’s difficult to seriously justify the actual usefulness of Saint Laurent’s new roller skate stilettos in any scenario, it’s hard to deny their spectacle and future status as an iconic collector's item. Whether they’ll catch on in some form or not, we don’t know, but we’ll just continue to stare at them for now (and quietly pray we don’t have to brush up on our roller skating prowess, or, lack thereof).READ MORE: You Need To See Alber Elbaz's New Converse CollaborationREAD MORE: Christopher Kane Is Treating Us To Another Crocs Collection© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following in the well-heeled footsteps of Ellery and Di$count Univer$e, Australian label Posse is making waves overseas. Known for its Reformation-like on-trend simplicity, Posse is Instagram fodder. Hence, why influencers Camille Charrière and Lucy Williams are such big fans. Pieces sell out fast at Posse, so be sure to pop these 11 items in your basket super fast before all the style bloggers do!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A new documentary is set to shed light on the inner workings of one of our favourite high street stores.Zara: The Story of the World's Richest Man will go behind the scenes Armancio Ortega, founder of spanish retail giant Inditex, the home of Zara, Massimo Dutti, Bershka, Oysho, Pull and Bear, Stradivarius and Uterqüe.Produced by Prime Entertainment Group, the documentary will show how the notoriously private company operates, the secrets to its fast-fashion success, and get up close and personal with its camera shy 81-year-old business owner - once the world’s richest man.Starting off as a small store in the city of A Coruña, Northern Spain back in 1975, Zara has found unparalleled success thanks to its unique fast-fashion model. Instead of ordering stock seasons ahead, the brand designs products on a reactive basis (sometimes as quick as five days), and replenishes stores on a weekly basis.‘Our journalists infiltrated the world of the retail store to bring you all the answers and scoops.The documentary includes hidden cameras, interviews with Zara insiders and unique footage of Armancio Ortega, founder and self-made man behind the empire of the greatest prêt-à-porter industry,’ the synopsis states.Refinery 29 had a sneak peek at some of the footage, and revealed some our their juicy findings. From how Ortega started selling bathrobes to how the brand now make a shirt in 38 minutes, it looks like the documentary will be pretty insightful.We know very little at this stage, but we can expect to see it later in the year. We can’t wait for this one...READ MORE: 6 Pieces From Zara’s Pre-Fall Collection To Add To Your Basket ImmediatelyREAD MORE: The Crop Top All The Instagram Girls Are Wearing This SummerREAD MORE: Gucci Goes Intergalactic With New A/W Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From power puff kitten heels to the perfect white culottes, this month’s picks are knock out.These powder puff kitten heels are super-fun for summer party season. Or wear them as our fashion director does: dressed down with kick-flare black denim and an oversize blouse.Shoes, £530 from AquazurraWe've spotted a micro trend: '90s sunnies - think Brad-era Gwyneth Paltrow. This collab between Kylie Jenner and Aussie brand Quay has nailed it.Sunglasses, £55 from Quay at AsosFinding the perfect pair of white trousers can be tricky (and often traumatic). Look no further, than M&S's ankle-grazers.Culotte, £29.50 from M&SThese studded sandals are the perfect summer-in-the-city shoe. Our style ed's added them to her basket already and is planning on wearing them with, well, everything.Shoes, £50 from OfficeThe new Catch bag has arrived, sporting it's very own cocktail stirrer fastening (chic). We're crushing on the duck-egg blue version - a perfect addition to your bag-drobe.Bag, £295 from Sophie HulmeWe've found the perfect cotton shirtdress from fashion ed fave Nanushka. Wear on your summer hols with your sandals and basket bag, and in the city with your Converse and supersize tote.Dress, £123 from NanushkaNow this is how to do shorts - with a silk shirt and block-heel mules. Dreaming of the French Riviera yet?Shirt, £110 from StaudShop more of our Shopping Editor's favourite fashion pieces for this month, below:Slide into summer in these trendy sandals. Clash pale blue with coral for an instant style refresh.Sandals, £28, V by Very.Grazia Lust List - July2of24Slide into summer in these trendy sandals. Clash pale blue with coral for an instant style refresh.Sandals, £28, V by Very.So we know that basket bags are big news for SS17, but on your hols what bag do you take out in the evening? Well it’s all about the basket clutch! It’s the just the right size for your phone and lippy – problem solved.Bag, £142, Intropia.If you don’t know already then denim brand Re/Done needs to be on your denim radar. Manufactured in downtown LA using water conserving methods and no harsh chemicals, they have created cool one-of- a-kind pieces that are made from vintage Levi’s. Re-hashed in modern cut’s with a real vintage feel – we are so into this.Skirt, £280, Re/Done, Browns Fashion.Now this is how you do a summer knit. Wear it with the season's 'It' trouser (the chino!), and black strappy sandals. It'll make for the perfect off-duty look.Tank top, £34.95, Gap.SS17 has been all about the return of the corset belt. Too much faff for a summer's fay? This corseted tee is a great spin on a basic. And with a purse-friendly price tag, we're eyeing it up in white, too!T-shirt, £18, Miss Selfridge.Rixo has been our go-to for vintage feel dresses for a while now, but we spotted this one recently, and we’ve fallen hard. It's sexy yet modest, so we’re pretty sure this will sell-out!Dress, £255, RixoWe’ve spotted a micro trend - woven shoes. And these orange and khaki mix are the best we’ve seen! Great to jazz up your classic office attire or wear with your boyfriend jeans for a more casual look.Shoes, About £60, Out end of July at charleskeith.comCity break outfit, sorted. Pair these dungarees with a basket bag for all of your trinkets, and simply throw on some supersize sunnies. And remember, you can take these dungarees into Autumn by layering them over a roll neck jumper, and teaming with some heeled ankle boots.Dungarees, £358; Bag, £194, Frame DenimYou can never have enough Breton stripes, right?! This lace up version is a winner - wear it with your white denim and your classic Birks.Jumper, £24.99, Lindex.The perfect LWD (little white dress) is this cool cotton number from SEA NY. It's got us dreaming of hot summers nights and waves washing the shore. Ahhh.Dress, £425, Sea NY, matchesfashion.com.Perfect for presents (or even some self-gifting), these Zodiac pendants from Swarovski have got us starry-eyed.Necklace, £69, Swarovski.A subtle ruffle hem, cut-out detail on the back and the perfect shape to accentuate any curves... We couldn't love this dress from Saloni any more. Perfect for your summer hols or a wedding.Dress, £420, SaloniElevate any outfit in an instant with these understated stunners.Earrings, £162, Becca x Peter JensenFringed suede might not be top of your trousers list, but this statement style is actually very wearable. We promise.Trousers, £550, Zadig & VoltaireSpotted on all the fashionistas, Parisian brand Rouje is the name on our lips, whether it's a logo tee, silky blouse or the perfect vintage-style tea dress that you can wear from day to night. It's an Insta(nt) hit.T-shirt, £43, RoujeShoe of the moment, the espadrille, has had a chic-over. Add a stiletto heel and there you have it - one of the most on-trend sandals this summer.Heels, £535, AltuzarraTop of our high-street list, these high-waist trousers will look great with a tucked-in tee and colour-pop sandals. Perfect for off-duty.Trousers, £39.99, H&MPrinted tee, choker necklace, midiskirt and cool clogs. This look is ticking all the right boxes. Take inspo for your trans-seasonal wardrobe as this look will take you through to autumn.Skirt, £200 from See By Chloe; Shoes, £140 from See By ChloeWe're very into this tee... three fashion editors just popped it in their online baskets - it's time to shop, logo mania is here to stay!T-shirt, £225 from LoeweThe ultimate bespoke bag you can design, customise and monogram - meet Mon Purse. Mock up our dream bag, unique to you. Decisions, decisions...Bag (with personalisation), £430 from Mon PurseWe've fallen in love with Mercedes Castillo's debut shoe collection for S/S '17. These perfect in-betweeners - not quite a sandal, not quite a shoe - are pretty perfect.Shoes, £305, from Mercedes CastilloUpdate your trouser collection with a chic style from fashion team fave Finery. And do the double: block your blue with, well, even more blue!Trousers, £65 from FineryGive the illusion of stacking rings with this three-strand style from Carat*. Piling on the bling never looked prettier.Ring, £102 from Carat*Remember the days when your going-out outfit consisted of a 'dressy top', jeans and heels? Well, the look is back and we WANT this top from new brand Harmur - silky, backless and oh so chic.Silk top, £155 from HarmurREAD MORE: What Our Shopping Editor Is Buying This Month: April EditionREAD MORE: The 8 Items That Will Revive Your Spring WardrobeREAD MORE: The Secret Zara Section You Probably Never Knew ExistedREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just when you thought it was safe to go to the beach, Florida’s swimwear fashion week happens. Yes, that's a whole week of fashion shows dedicated to teeny weeny swimming costumes. You can just imagine how much fake-tan went into the production of this event.Considering there is only so much one can do to make a bikini interesting, the designers at Funkshion Swim Week Miami have taken lessons from Victoria’s Secret’s catwalk. To make a splash, they've booked models with sculpted bodies and dressed them outrageously. It's like a cruel game. This season they made a splash by rising the hemlines and going overboard with the accessories. Velvet, corseting and crystals are now considered legitimate poolside options and make-up of the most extrovert kind has been given the go-ahead. So, next time you’re packing for a vacation, why not consider these new trends, hot off Miami’s catwalks…Beware of sinking in this glitzy, encrusted trend favoured by designers Elie Madi, Holidolls and Rocky Gathercole.Feathered belts, leaf hair ties and palm leave bikini tops featured on Coco Blaq, Mister Triple X and Du Acqua’s catwalks.Generally speaking, McDonald’s and models rarely have much to do with one another. But, like a cosmic matchmaker, Miami Swim Week introduced us to McDCouture, a limited edition line of cossies created out of Maccy D’s packaging.Lolli Swim and Lliana Montoya kindly threw a life jacket to the sinking millennial pink trend with its line of velour siren swimwear. Yes, she is wearing shells.A spotlight was put on accessories of all kinds, sizes and insanity by Minimale Animale and Baes and Bikinis.When club wear meets swim club.READ MORE: Ikea's Collaboration With Danish Design Brand Hay Is All Kinds Of Scandi GreatnessREAD MORE: Is Red The New Millennial Pink?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Danes have long been feted for their sleek, understated design aesthetic.So, perhaps it was only a matter of time before they joined forces with their Scandi neighbours, Ikea.The Swedish furniture giant has teamed up with the Danish brand Hay to unveil a beautifully minimalist collection of homeware.The living room concept, titled Ypperlig, will be available to shop this autumn and features over 30 meticulously designed pieces - from bookshelves to blankets, candlesticks, ceramic jugs and mirrors.The overall effect is a visual feast, with clean lines and a fresh, contemporary approach that emphasises simplicity and fine craftsmanship.A pared-back palette features soothing hues of whites, greys and charcoals with the occasional pop of blush pink and pale greens.All in all, it's a wonderful union of two of Scandinavia's brightest design talents.If it's innovative chic and quiet flair you're after, this collaboration has it by the table-load.The full range will be released in October. Take a sneak peek at the preview, below, and get those creative juices flowing...Read More: Judge A Book By Its Cover - 10 Beautiful Summer ReadsRead More: H&M Teams Up With Erdem For Latest Designer Collaboration© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Imagine I’ve said, 'rucksacks aren’t just for the school yard' and all those other fashion editor cliches so we can get down to the clincher. We all lead busy, hectic lives that include juggling work, commuting, exercise and extra-curricular activities. So, when you take into account the make-up bag, laptop, book and charging cables you’ve got to lug around those celebrity-loved, designer micro bags suddenly seem more pointless than ever. Back up your style to secondary school and invest in a knapsack that can fit everything in without becoming misshapen. So no one confuses you with your teenage cousin look for one with intricate finishings, or with an upgraded fabrication. Straps are an important aspect to note, as they can be the decider between a backpack looking budget and bankrupting. Once and for all, say no to the canvas tote!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Shorts are hard. The last time I purchased a pair of shorts with the intention of wearing them anywhere beyond the confines of my high school's sports hall was when I was about 14 and didn’t know any better. Incidentally, shorts are hard because it’s very easy toSo I, the short sceptic, took it upon myself to do what I thought was impossible. I tried on some shorts that actually fit and can acceptably be worn out in the adult world.Tabby Lace Panelled Blouse, £129, Whistles; **Black Faux Leather Eyelet Lace Side Shorts, £20, Missguided Bit naughty, ain’t they? Leather-look with sassy little thigh ties might not be the type of short you’d wear to meet the in-laws, but they’re surprisingly comfortable and paired with a demure blouse could get you through your next Friday night quite happily.Star Embroidered Denim Shorts, £175, Chinti And ParkerThis is the type of grown up, tailored short that I never thought I’d either find or get away with. But lo and behold, here they are. Definitely office appropriate on a rather warm day. They have pockets and everything.Slim Boyfriend White Shirt With Pleat Detail Back, £25, ASOS; Cherry Print Frill Trim Shorts, £29, Topshop; Feline Jelly Flat Sandals, £10, ASOSIs it a skirt? Is it a skort? I just love a piece of clothing that keeps you guessing. To clarify, these are most definitely shorts. The cutest shorts in all the land, in fact. The frill cuts a little higher on the outside leg for a more interesting shape and I think this is as close as an outfit can get to ‘adorable’ beyond the age of four or five.Corset Seam T-Shirt, £15, Topshop; Gingham Mom Shorts, £32, Topshop; Porlock Silver Tie Detail Slides, £69, FineryNo, I haven’t just stepped off the set of a generic teen rom com set in mid-west America about two neighbours who grew up as best friends, hated each other for a little bit and then realized that they were in love. But I do see why you might have thought that.Lace-Up Bralet, £14, Topshop; Denim Bermuda Shorts In Light Wash Blue With Rips, £30, ASOSI definitely had a pair of shorts like these when I was going through my faux-skater days at Secondary school. Big fan of the length - above the knee but not up the bum - and let’s face it, ripped denim isn’t going anywhere. The Kardashian-Jenner style crop is a fun exchange for the ill-fitting tank tops I used to wear, though.Pink Paperbag Waist Floaty Shorts, £15, MissguidedSilk on silk on suede, my friends. I feel like such a city girl. Now that I’m a short convert I believe that everyone should have a  standout, statement pair in their arsenal. And these beautiful fuschia ones are a strong contender. Also, the paper bag waist is both flattering and super forgiving of post-dinner food babies.Like this? You might also be interested in…The Debrief Debates: Shorts. Are They The Work Of The Devil Or God’s Gift To Legs?9 Stylish Solutions For Summer Thigh ChafingWe Tried On Everything At Urban Outfitters That Reminded Us Of The ‘90sFollow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I have bad news. We've reached that point in the year where summer stops feeling infinite and starts feeling like it’s practically over.The nights have been drawing in again for a MONTH. Time begins running away like sand between your fingers and instead of endless outfit possibilities, each day feels so precious that you worry you might have one long nap and wake up to find it's September and everyone's got a jumper on.At this point, shopping for summery stuff starts to become reckless. Let’s be honest, your shortie playsuit days are numbered. How many times are you actually going to get to wear that backless sundress before you have to put a polo neck underneath it? Is the third ‘spare’ pair of espadrilles really a vital purchase, though? Compared to say, I dunno, shoes that aren’t made of sacking and straw?And yet, the urge to shop persists. Because you are human, and you want to squeeze every last juicy drop out of summer before it shrivels and goes all mouldy in your metaphorical fruit bowl. You are Sandy and Danny, snogging on the beach. Except the beach is the Zara changing room, and your T-Bird is the ruffled gingham blouse that looked fugly back in May but which, after a couple of months stewing on it, you’ve suddenly decided you HAVE TO HAVE now.I have a theory on why it makes sense to buy things before you actually like them but it’s too late for that just now. So instead, here's how avoid buying anything (much) else for the rest of the summer. You can do it.I’m not sure why it works this way, but winter trends are so much more durable than their summer counterparts. You could pull out the stuff you wore in November 2015 in a few month’s time and find the main principles basically unchanged. But summer trends, like summer clothes, are flimsy and shortlived. They can bloom and die in a day, like desert flowers.So buying trends at the end of the summer is almost always a mistake because the chances are, things that look hot and fresh right now will look embarrassingly retro by the time you pull them out of the back of the wardrobe next year. And if you still need convincing, tell me: how many times this summer have you worn last year’s blue cotton embroidered Bardot smock dress?I thought as much.It’s ok, you don’t have to get rid of anything, but get it all out and have a look. Pick up your floordrobe. Fish out the stuff down the back of the chest of drawers. Put everything that’s covered in sun cream stains, and ice cream drips in the wash, and give things a proper iron. Try everything on that you haven’t worn in a few weeks, with a 90s soundtrack to make it feel like a movie montage if that helps you.Look, it’s that thing you bought back in April and forgot you had! And whaddya know, it’s some shoes from last summer that look perfect with it! And to finish it all off, the belt you told your flatmate you hadn’t borrowed in 2013.I know, I get it – you still have a holiday coming, you must shop for your holiday bits! YOU NEED YOUR BITS, GODDAMNIT. But let’s take a minute to think about the real holiday you’re going on, instead of the fantasy Instagram photoshoot one in your head. The one where you pack so much you get charged because your suitcase won’t fit in the airline sizer thing, then spend the entire week wearing the same one baggy slip dress because everything else is too tight on your sunburn and it’s because fine, ‘my wet bikini washed it clean.’ Does that holiday genuinely need a hand-embroidered kaftan you found for £110 on Etsy?Save your cash for sangria instead. Brexit happened, remember – it’s not cheap anymore.I know, I know – ugh. Telling you to buy ‘classics’ is like telling you to always wear facial SPF or carry roasted almonds around as a healthy snack. But if there’s one time of year that you should summon up all your restraint to walk past the rail of strapless floral jumpsuits and towards the trench coats and well-cut trousers, it’s now.If not shopping at all is too hard, try to kerb your craving for bright, frothy quick fixes by asking yourself the classic question: ‘will I wear this at least 30 times?’. That way, hopefully, you’ll end up buying the fashion equivalent of a slow-release complex carb.NB. This doesn’t mean it has to be beige. But let’s be honest, it might be beige.If you can’t help scratching that shopping itch, go secondhand instead. Strolling round a lovely vintage market is going to be so much better for your zen levels than another sweaty steeplechase round the Topshop sale. Plus the clothes have the benefit of being a) sustainable, so less guilt-making if you don’t end up wearing them loads, b) less likely to look dated by next year because obviously they already ARE dated, and c) less likely to fit you perfectly, which means you’re d) less likely to buy them. Thanks for all the help, tiny-waisted women of the ‘50s!Try to channel all that shopping energy into embracing next season’s stuff instead. I know it’s hard to imagine right now, with the bus sweat still evaporating off your neck, but soon there will be frosty mornings and bowls of crumble with custard. There will be long sleeves, warm shoulders and functional reasons to wear a scarf. Tights, guys. There will be tights.And if the AW17 catwalks were anything to go by, there’ll also be heritage checks, crocodile, textured wool, berry reds, dreamy purples, sharp suiting and quilted duvet coats. And because fashion is seasonally confused, loads of it is in the shops already.So you leave the swivel-eyed sales shoppers to wrestle over the last half-price pom-pom basket bag, and take yourself on over to the ‘new in’ section. It’s lovely and calm here, isn’t it? Oh, look! A jumper!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs NowA First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAll The Clothes We Want To Wear Now From Coyote UglyFollow Lauren on Instagram @laurenbravoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Looking for an easy (and affordable) wardrobe update? We have just the thing...Not just good for slinging round your neck, the humble silk scarf can be worn a myriad of ways, and give a SS17 twist to any ensemble. In fact, it might just be the most versatile purchase you make this summer.Whether you plump for polka dot, Pinterest-inspired palm print, or a classic floral, the silk scarf has the potential to reinvent outfit after outfit.Check out our Instagram-appoved ways to wear it below, and scroll to the bottom to see our favourite shopping picks...Take your cue from Lucy of Fashion Me Now and tie your scarf in a bun or pony. To make it more stylish than school girl, keep it slightly messy not polished. Great for those days when you choose twenty minutes in bed over washing your hair, or on holiday when you want to protect bleached ends from the sun.@lucywilliams02An easy way to sweep your hair off your face and keep cool in the heat, this is holiday hair at its finest. Make like Camille Charrière and match your silk scarf to your cami top (lemon tree optional).@camillecharriereJazz up an otherwise ordinary outfit with the addition of silk scarf fashioned as a neckerchief. We love how a patterned scarf can instantly up the fashion ante of a simple jeans and tee combo.@meganellabyGive the choker a fresh and elegant update by tying a silk scarf around your neck. This works particularly well with structured shirts or off-the-shoulder dresses.@rixolondonTo breathe some new life into an old bag, tie a silk scarf round one of the handles. For fans of all-black-everything, this is a simple and fear-free way to add some colour to your outfit.@livpurvisPlus, check out our favourite shopping picks in the gallery below...Palm print scarf, £65 from Rixograzia silk scarf2of9Palm print scarf, £65 from RixoPolka dot print scarf, £90 from Marc JacobsLeopard print scarf, £90 from RockinsTarantula-print  scarf, £85 from RockinsPolka dot print scarf, £49.50 from J CrewLiberty print scarf, £70 from LibertyPrinted scarf, £35 from & Other StoriesPrinted scarf, £29.99 from H&MREAD MORE: The Crop Top All The Instagram Girls Are Wearing This SummerREAD MORE: 11 Printed Dresses That Will Upgrade Your Look In An InstantREAD MORE: Nike's New Millennial Pink Collection Is An Instagram Dream© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Once upon a time, the word ‘extra’ was a run of the mill modifying adverb, usually heard from a teacher warning of ‘extra homework’. But, then the internet came along and made it a put down, as slang for being over the top, excessive even. You could say, we're being extra by giving this definition. But, hang in there, we have a point. Though the phrase may be new, the act isn’t. Proof: Christian Dior in the 2000s. #AlisonNix in #Dior #HauteCouture fall 2007 @alisonix @jgalliano @patmcgrathreal @orlandopita @dior #diorinthe2000s  #diorbygalliano #fashion #highfashion #instafashion #worldoffashion #fashionaddict #christiandior #gallianoera #instachile #makeupbypatmcgrath  #hairbyorlandopita #diorlover #amazing #incredible #JohnGallianoA post shared by  👑J'ADORE DIOR👑 (@diorinthe2000s) on Jul 19, 2017 at 8:08pm PDTBack when John Galliano helmed the label, Dior was the definition of extra. Each fashion show was outrageous and resplendent. Fur and feather would flow freely, and the beauty laughed in the face of the no make-up trend. The collections didn’t deal in wearability, and they didn’t seek to hook a hanger on current trends. It was pure, unadulterated fantasy. It was so extra. #AngelaLindvall shoot by #NickKnight for the #Dior spring 2004 #campaign @angelalindvall @jgalliano @nick_knight @dior  #diorinthe2000s  #diorbygalliano  #fashion  #throwback  #amazing  #photoshoot #highfashion  #readytowear  #worldoffashion  #diorlover  #adiorable  #instafashion  #fashionaddict  #incredible  #fashionista  #instachile  #JohnGallianoA post shared by  👑J'ADORE DIOR👑 (@diorinthe2000s) on Feb 9, 2017 at 5:22am PST #CarolineTrentini in #Dior #HauteCouture fall 2007 @trentinireal @jgalliano @patmcgrathreal @orlandopita @dior #diorinthe2000s  #diorbygalliano #fashion  #highfashion  #instafashion  #amazing  #fashionisart  #worldoffashion  #makeupbypatmcgrath  #hairbyorlandopita  #gallianoera  #incredible  #instachile  #diorlover  #JohnGallianoA post shared by  👑J'ADORE DIOR👑 (@diorinthe2000s) on Jul 12, 2017 at 10:55am PDTThanks to the Instagram account @diorinthe2000s, which is run by a  teenage boy from Chile, Galliano’s designs are back under the spotlight. It’s the ultimate fanboy feed that posts throwback pictures daily from the label’s early Noughties runway shows. From manic pixie dream girls in saccharine tulle to wild ‘80s fantasia, the looks are worth a double take, and for that matter a double tap. We dare you not to fall down an Insta blackhole with this one! #MagdalenaFrackowiak in the #backstage of the #Dior fall 2007 #show @frackowiakmagdalena @jgalliano @patmcgrathreal @orlandopita @dior #diorinthe2000s  #diorbygalliano #fashion #highfashion #fashionisart #gallianoera #christiandior #gallianoforever  #instachile #worldoffashion #makeupbypatmcgrath  #hairbyorlandopita  #throwback #2000s #JohnGallianoA post shared by  👑J'ADORE DIOR👑 (@diorinthe2000s) on Jul 21, 2017 at 5:31am PDTLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Pretend Cool Britannia is still a thing and that the Girl Power movement is classified as a feminist vehicle and you’ll be transported right back to the moment when the Spice Girls were top of the charts. Née top of the world. Newsstand brimmed with magazines bearing their pictures, arenas teamed with their fans and celebrities - including, lest we forget, the Royals - did everything they could to get a picture with them.Over two decades on since their first album, and they still bear the hallmarks of everything we want to wear. Chockers, tick, tiny handbags, tick, adidas tracks, tick, tick, tick. Sure, it looks a little hokey looking back on it now, but their glitzy-gaudy-dodgy style is about as good as the ‘90s got. Come join us on an eight-point trip down memory lane…They came, they saw, they taught the MTV Music Awards a thing or two. Though they were only in their infancy, having been together for just a year, they took the awards show by storm. Though Mel C looks like someone you might see on a Saturday night in east London, the rest were gunning to show off their nicknames and trademark look. Scary, obviously, wore animal print, Baby gave her moniker a literal spin in a Babydoll, Ginger, taught American’s how to be patriotic and Posh pushed vampy to the extremes with kohl eyeliner thick enough to rival Taylor Momsen.It’s 20 years on, and I still want one.Look how red Prince Charles is. He’s about five shades deeper than Scary’s suit and about three off from Ginger’s hair.If we ignore Geri’s appropriative dress for a moment and put it down to the ‘90s, can we appreciate just how may-jar the rest of the band look? Everyone appears dressed for a different occasion and like they’d go out of their way to ignore each other at a party, but it’s working for them.Looking just like every group of mates on holiday ever, they look dewy (read: sweaty), a little frizzy and overly dressed up for their night out in Bali.A telltale sign of just how groundbreaking this dress, which was originally made out of a tea towel, is that it sold at auction for £41,320. It’s the epitome of Cool Britannia, a brief of blip of time when patriotism wasn’t treated with suspicion and that pop stars, like the Spice Girls, could support the Tories without any questions being raised.Yes the plot was a bit naff and the acting questionable, but it included such unforgettable lines as, ‘It must be so hard for you, Victoria. I mean, having to decide whether to wear the little Gucci dress, the little Gucci dress, or... the little Gucci dress!’If that’s not proof enough, nothing is.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Unpicking Kim Kardashian’s Ultra 90s Outfit8 Times Celebrities Campaigned For Pedal PushersFashion Is So Carrie Bradshaw Right NowFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The major style note to take away from the AW17 shows? Maximalism rules. Think iridescent metallic, eighties redux and 50 shades of rouge. Yes, we know it may seem a tad early to be buying into your winter wardrobe, but believe it or not, brands from Versace to Zara are now dropping their Fall ’17 collections (Saint Laurent's glitzy AW17 £6000 boots already have a waiting list!). Translation: fashion fiends, if you want to stay ahead of the pack, it’s time to think about what ‘It’ pieces to invest in next season now...We love nothing more than spending a hot lazy beach day in a white sundress, but sartorially speaking, there’s something just that more magical, rich and moody about dressing for the colder climate. That, and y’know, there's party season (FYI: the fashion forecast sees hi-shine fabrics and intergalactic glamour return with unstoppable force). Are you ready?From Bella Hadid’s red-hot cocktail dress + gold wedges get-up for Giuseppe Zanotti to Mossy for Miu Miu, here’s Grazia’s edit of the hottest AW17 campaigns as they drop…Models Imari Karanja, He Cong, Kiki Willems, Faretta, Hiandra Martinez and Oscar Kindelan star in Coach's '70s-style ad, shot by Steven MeiselBest AW17 Campaigns - Grazia 2of33Models Imari Karanja, He Cong, Kiki Willems, Faretta, Hiandra Martinez and Oscar Kindelan star in Coach's '70s-style ad, shot by Steven MeiselCoach AW17 campaign, shot by Steven MeiselPeter Lindberg shot  Ermanno Scervino's new Fall '17 campaign in the streets of Paris, starring Mariacarla Boscono and Victor NorlanderKate Moss, Adwoa Aboah, Kesewa Aboah and the Preservation Hall Brass Bands star in Miu Miu's new campaign, photographed by Alasdair McLellanKate Moss, Adwoa Aboah, Kesewa Aboah and the Preservation Hall Brass Bands star in Miu Miu's new campaign, photographed by Alasdair McLellanPeter Lindberg shot  Ermanno Scervino's new Fall '17 campaign in the streets of Paris, starring Mariacarla Boscono and Victor NorlanderAlexa Chung goes '90s grunge for AG's latest ad, styled by Francesca Burns Alexa Chung goes '90s grunge for AG's latest ad, styled by Francesca Burns Eliza Cumming, Kesewa Aboah and Jasmine Daniels star in Miu Miu campaign, shot by Alasdair McLellanJean Campbell, Jasmine Daniels, Naomie Harris and Kesewa Aboah star in Miu Miu camopaign, shot by Alasdair McLellanBella Hadid for Giuseppe Zanotti AW17, photographed by Mario SorrentiBella Hadid for Giuseppe Zanotti AW17, photographed by Mario SorrentiPeter Lindberg shot  Ermanno Scervino's new Fall '17 campaign in the streets of Paris, starring Mariacarla Boscono and Victor NorlanderKit Butler, Xiao Wen Ju, Aymeline Valade star in the Salvatore Ferragamo AW17 campaign, shot by Walter Pfeiffer.Kit Butler, Xiao Wen Ju, Aymeline Valade star in the Salvatore Ferragamo AW17 campaign, shot by Walter Pfeiffer.Freja Beha Erichsen stars in the new AW17 Campaign for Longchamp. Freja Beha Erichsen stars in the new AW17 Campaign for Longchamp. Lily Donaldson stars in the Kurt Geiger AW17 campaign.Lily Donaldson stars in the Kurt Geiger AW17 campaign.Lily Donaldson stars in the Kurt Geiger AW17 campaign.Lily Donaldson stars in the Kurt Geiger AW17 campaign.Bimba Y Lola's AW17 Campaign.Bimba Y Lola's AW17 Campaign.Bimba Y Lola's AW17 Campaign.Bimba Y Lola's AW17 Campaign.Filip & Kito portray the inner self of this Delpozo female character for the Delpozo AW17 Campaign.Filip & Kito portray the inner self of this Delpozo female character for the Delpozo AW17 Campaign.Filip & Kito portray the inner self of this Delpozo female character for the Delpozo AW17 Campaign.FURLA AW17 campaign, shot and directed by Fabien Baron.FURLA AW17 campaign, shot and directed by Fabien Baron.Repossi's 2017/2018 campaign was shot by Glen Luchford.Sandro's AW17 campaign, shot by Alasdair McLellan.READ MORE: 5 Summer Blonde Hair Trends To Have On Your Radar NowREAD MORE: Anita Pallenberg '60s Style: An Ode To The Rolling Stones Muse© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Alber Elbaz – former creative director of Lanvin, from 2001 to October 2015 – has collaborated with iconic footwear brand Converse All Star to commemorate its 100th anniversary.According to Hypebeast, Elbaz and Converse’s “Avant” collection will feature seven iterations of the timeless All Star, reinvented and refreshed with outlandish prints and colours – designs that are considerably removed from the simple, clean-cut black and white colourways so synonymous with the 1917-born shoe.‘[T]he new “Avant” line is designed to catch onlookers’ gazes and demand a spot in every enthusiasts’ closet and wardrobe,’ and is due to land on the market on September 25.While the Elbaz x Converse centenary anniversary collection will be a blessing for some, it is undoubtedly a marmite shoe collection, one that has certainly divided the Grazia office. Is this the new ‘ugly shoe’? If so, are we on-board?The designer of the ultimate ‘ugly shoe’ Christopher Kane recently reworked his original Croc design to create four new styles that are more outrageous than before (unless embellished, ostrich feather, tiger-print crocs are your thing, of course), so it’s clear gaudy shoes are not going to disappear off our footwear radar anytime soon.READ MORE: Christopher Kane Is Treating Us To Another Croc CollectionREAD MORE: Can Christopher Kane Make Crocs Cool?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...New York based fashion brand Proenza Schouler have created a new video campaign supporting Planned Parenthood.Titled 'A Film for Planned Parenthood of New York City', the video aims to raise awareness and support for the sexual health care organisation currently under attack thanks to Donald Trump's presidency. In April of this year Trump signed a new measure aiming to cut the nonprofit organisation's vital federal funding.Inspired by the worldwide Women's marches, Proenza Schouler designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez wanted to take action as part of their AW17 campaign.'The spirit of protest, of taking a stand for what you believe in, was deeply touching on both personal and creative levels. It was the seed that later informed our Autumn/Winter collection, and in that same spirit, we decided to forgo a traditional fashion campaign when developing a creative project around the collection. We wanted to focus instead on what we and the women around us felt was of the utmost importance: standing up for the fundamental rights that organizations like Planned Parenthood defend every day,' Hernandez told US Vogue.Directed by Harley Weir, the film features an all star line-up of models, actors, artists, musicians and sex educators talking about what feminity means to them. The women chosen to be in the film all have a direct connection to the brand, or Planned Parenthood itself, and famous faces include Amber Valletta, Grimes, Hanne Gabby Odiele, Hari Nef, Jemima Kirke, and Stella Tennant.All dressed in Proenza Schouler, the women talk about topics including prenancy, gender, bodies, shame, and what it means to be a woman. The end of the film comes with a call to action urging people to support Planned Parenthood.This is not the first time a fashion brand has shown its support for Planned Parenthood. For New York fashion week in February the CFDA (the Council of Fashion Designers of America) partnered with the organisation to create an initiative called Fashion Stands with Planned Parenthood. Over 40 designers pledged their support, and throughout fashion week journalists, models and buyers all wore pink badges to show their allegiance alongside sharing the project via social media with the hashtag #IStandWithPP.Click here to see the video.READ MORE: Stella McCartney Makes Statement About Consumption By Shooting Her AW17 Campaign At A Landfill SiteREAD MORE: Ralph Lauren Will Stage His Autumn 17 Show At His Garage In BedfordREAD MORE: Gucci Goes Intergalactic With New A/W Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Everything we do is from a feminist, idealistic perspective. We're a fashion label but we're outsiders, we're always looking for ways to do things differently and positively’, explains Birdsong’s co-founder Sophie Slater. Since 2014, Slater, along with two other women have been creating a new way of conscious shopping. With the mantra, ‘no sweatshops and no photoshops’, they are launching a pop-up shop in London’s Hoxton tonight.The ethos is simple; Birdsong would like to champion women and nonbinary people. ‘Whether that's by manufacturing our clothes with highly skilled women's charities, collaborating more than competing, providing what clothes up to a size 22, or truly believing that all bodies are good bodies, we want that to come across when you enter the store’, Slater clarifies. ‘A lot of brands are preaching feminist ideals or slapping "empowering" slogans onto t-shirts, but you can be sure with ours that your money is doing real good. It's travelling down the road to keep women's services running, or to support up and coming artists and designers, and that's something we can all feel good about.’The physical shop, which will be open from 27th of July until 1st of August will be stocking young designers, publications like Riposte, Gentlewoman, Polyester Zine, Ladybeard, Birdsong’s own zine, The Nest, and sustainable period pants company Thinx. ‘All our other brands that we stock are a result of the whole team being obsessive about finding beautiful, ethical brands or amazing publications, (usually for ourselves!) that we then wholesale buy for the shop’, Slater adds.Highlights include Auria, which is a swimwear label favoured by Rihanna that makes its pieces from recycled fishing nets, Birdsong's in-house collection, which is made by migrant, low-income women in Shoreditch, Poplar and Limehouse for living wages, and a limited-edition collaboration between Birdsong and Clio Peppiatt. Slater says to look out for the, ‘embroidered pants on sale, sassy slogan socks, and perfect summer sandals.’ She puts it as, 'basically we have everything for head-to-toe, empowering, ethical dressing this time around. We hope that it’s a taste of what to expect from our brand as our aesthetics and values continue to grow and challenge the rest of the industry.’Birdsong’s ‘Summer of Sisterhood’ store runs 27th July - 1st August397-400 Geffrye St. Next to Hoxton Station, London. Like this? You May Also Be Interested In:9 Pairs Of Sunglasses Under £99 Starter Sunglasses So Cheap You Won't Mind Losing Or Breaking ThemIt's Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs NowFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a dramatic relocation, Ralph Lauren will be staging his Autumn 2017 show in his garage. According to WWD, he will be inviting press and buyers to his home in Bedford, New York, in September to watch his see-now, buy-now runway show.It is believed that the brand is looking to go in a new direction under the newly-appointed CEO Patrice Louvet, and transporting NYFW to Bedford will be a big moment.‘Ralph’s Garage’ is where Lauren famously houses his rare automobile collection, which includes 1938 Bugatti Atlantic, a 1929 Bentley Blower and multiple Ferraris from the ’60s, ’70s, and ’90s.It is believed that the cars will serve as a backdrop to the show, and the occasion will be the first time Ralph’s Garage will be opened for an event.In conjunction with the dramatic change of location, Lauren’s show will represent another first: the Ralph Lauren Purple Label menswear collection will be shown alongside its womenswear on the runway.After the show there will be a private formal dinner with guests expected to be dressed in black-and-white attire.Lauren chose to host his Spring 2017 collection in his Madison Avenue townhouse, and instead of expensive cars garnishing the backdrop, there was an exceptional floral display.He has certainly upped the stakes in terms of where brands choose to host their shows, and suggests that NYFW will be full of surprises.READ MORE: Gucci Goes Intergalactic With New A/W CampaignREAD MORE: Is Red The New Millennial Pink?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This weekend Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen made a rare Instagram appearance as bridesmaids for close friend Cassie Coane - a Creative Director and DJ - in upstate New York. We all got married!!!! We love you @cassiecoane @jamesflames ❤️❤️❤️❤️ #mrandmrsflamesA post shared by  Harley Viera-Newton (@harleyvnewton) on Jul 22, 2017 at 3:33pm PDTIn a series of wedding posts hashtagged #mrandmrsflames, the Olsen twins can be spotted amongst an 18 stong line-up of bridesmaids including DJ and style star, Harley Veira-Newton.Unlike the usual bridesmaid get up of matchy-matchy dresses, this laid-back bride let her friends choose their own dresses with one instruction only: floral. This stylish set pulled it off with aplomb, all choosing completely different dresses that some how went together perfectly. When the bride says wear floral, you wear floral. ✌🏽💕 #mrandmrsflamesA post shared by  Kyle Miller (@kylemilleryoga) on Jul 22, 2017 at 4:29pm PDTSeen smiling and clapping in an Instagram video, both twins chose to stick to their signature styles. Mary-Kate, seen on the far right, wore an oversized kimono style dress with backless lime green mules, and a boho-inspired floral headpiece. Ashley, second row up on the left, stuck to her usual all-black-everything in a black and white floral mini dress.We're totally stealing this idea for our wedding. If only we could persuade Mary-Kate and Ashley to join in?READ MORE: 31 Things You Didn’t Know About The Olsen TwinsREAD MORE: An A-Z Guide On Dressing Like The Olsen TwinsREAD MORE: 11 Of The Best Ever Mary-Kate And Ashley Films, Ranked From Worst To Best© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though Rihanna’s new film Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets may be set in the 28th Century, she led the way for autumn winter fashion at the London premiere last night. Wearing a scarlet Giambattista Valli ball gown and carrying a floral flocked and crystal clutch by Jimmy Choo, the singer staked her claim to this season’s rising colour: red.From left to right: Prada, MaxMara, Victoria BeckhamBrilliant shades of amber burned through Fashion Week’s autumn catwalks. Labels like Victoria Beckham, The Row and Prada were just a few of the many that sent out head-to-toe looks in sizzling crimson, rich oxblood and fruity cherry. And, ever since influencers have been adopting the warm shade in droves with Jeanne Damas, Camille Charrière and Emma Breschi leading the way. They wear it as an all-over wash, with shoes and trousers bleeding together or as a single statement piece, like a fire engine red coat, draped over a cream dress.Instagram: @camillecharriereIf Millennial pink speaks to the softening of gender politics and nostalgia for childhood, then fiery red is the colour of passion. Where the soft, Acne Studios shade of pink hinted at femininity, scarlet is a political shade that’s drenched with meaning. It burns with wantonness and intensity. It’s a colour intrinsically associated as much with Hilary Clinton as Baywatch’s Pamela Anderson, it’s tied to resistance and revolution, but also Valentine’s Day. And, in recent times it’s become a byword for fecundity as the fertile women of The Handmaid’s Tale are cloaked in a rich vermillion shade. Its power lies in its complexity and inability to be pinned to one trend or mood. So, let's leave pink to the millennials and make way for this dynamic shade.READ MORE: 6 Pieces From Zara’s Pre-Fall Collection To Add To Your Basket ImmediatelyREAD MORE: The Crop Top All The Instagram Girls Are Wearing This Summer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you have hours until your flight and you find yourself pacing the airport aimlessly, or you’ve left your specs at home, a visit to your terminal’s Sunglasses Hut is a rite of passage. Ask yourself, what is the point of travelling, if not to benefit from Duty-Free? Whether you’re after a classic pair of shades of a trend-led item the Hut has your back. Here are 11 styles we’re keen to sun ourselves in…Like this? You May Also Be Interested In:9 Pairs Of Sunglasses Under £99 Starter Sunglasses So Cheap You Won't Mind Losing Or Breaking ThemIt's Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs NowThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Ione Gamble first founded Polyester at the age of 19, she never imagined the seismic effects it would have on the UK zine scene. The publication, which is now on its sixth issue, has shaken up the world of women’s print media, and revolutionised the way we consume culture, fashion and feminism. With Polyester, it’s never been about keeping ahead of trends – it’s just about forming, and fully embracing, your own.The magazine has also managed to spawn its own aesthetic; bringing the kitsch, glittery world of 00’s Tumblr out of the Internet backwaters and into the mainstream. Its shoots – which have attracted alt-feminist icons like Tavi Gevinson, Pussy Riot and Cherry Glazerr – are shamelessly adorned with scribbled hearts, bright neon-lighting and smeared lipstick, and characterised by their fancy, fairy-tale-like femininity.Despite all these voltaic visuals, though, editor-in-chief Gamble’s signature style is surprisingly understated. As it turns out, the attention-grabbing aesthetic of Polyester is in no way reflective of her own personal style.'I love looking at awful kitschy things – John waters films, frilly, frilly chocolate boxes, and kids films – but I’ve never felt the urge to apply that to my own body,' she explains. 'Polyester is just about finding the commonalities in the differences between young women who just don’t feel like they fit in.'And therein lies the secret to Polyester’s – and Gamble’s – success. The magazine, which is led by the tagline 'have faith in your own bad taste', encourages its readers to embrace what makes them different. Unlike other fashion magazines, it champions society’s 'uncool' outsiders – particularly those who have been left in the cold by constrictive beauty standards.'I hope it offers a more authentic voice in print and online media,' Gamble says of the zine’s success. 'So many girls, like myself, grew up really liking fashion, really loving clothes, really loving feminism and really loving music, but nowhere had put it all together in a way we understood it. Now, you look at a magazine and there’s still no fat people in it, or there’ll be one token person of colour… It’s still very narrow, even if most print media wants to give an illusion of being otherwise.'At first, Gamble explains, Polyester was started as a university project. The plan was to print 200 copies of the first issue, which clocked in at 30-40 pages, and fund it with her student loan. She then reached out to designers and artists she admired (namely fourth-wave feminist pioneers like Molly Soda and Arvida Bystrom) to see if they’d be interested in being involved, and – to her surprise – they responded positively. Although finances have been tough, she says, each issue has been able to fund the next.'I’ve never been someone who’s really afraid of hard work, so all the hard bits of Polyester – like trying to get an issue out while working, or when you don’t have the money – they’ve never been a hard challenge for me, because I didn’t necessarily grow up very privileged in terms of wealth,' Gamble recalls. 'It wasn’t financially viable, (but that was) something I never expected.'Since then, Polyester’s popularity has rocketed, with Gamble now printing 1000 copies of each issue. For readers, the zine’s fun and fresh approach to intersectional feminism – a topic which has grown stale in other publications – is unbeatable, as is its approach to socio-political issues. Each shoot featured in the publication aims to be about more than just fashion; tackling issues like mental health, body positivity, queer identity and the demonisation of women. 'Making women or queer people feel better about themselves is quite a job – there’s been centuries of unlearning,' Gamble says. 'It shouldn’t be an overtly political act to put stretch marks in a magazine.'As someone who doesn’t fit into fashion’s conventional body standards, Gamble feels like this kind of engagement is vital. 'I’ve always felt the need to shrink,' she says. 'I’m not this girl who’s going to be snapped up by Select models anytime soon, who can go out and wear some vintage Gaultier and be loved. That’s not going to happen. Everything I do is going to be statement if I make myself about my body.'Does she feel like the industry is changing the way it looks at larger women? 'When you have an industry that’s run by middle-upper class people who are skinny and privately educated, it breeds absolutely toxic behaviour,' Gamble explains, with an air of resignation. 'There’s no reason why you shouldn’t photograph clothes on a larger woman. There’s no reason you shouldn’t feature them, apart from your own perverse fatphobia and insecurity about yourself.'For this reason, Gamble claims to be a 'self-conscious' dresser – sticking to vintage black dresses, thick glittery tights, and 90s platform boots, and keeping a wide berth from the high street (she lists Miu Miu, Rodarte, and Edward Meadham as her dream designers). And, while she admits that she’s not totally immune from the industry’s judgements, she is becoming more resistant to them. 'I try to like myself, because trying to like myself is much more important than trying to change myself,' she says, practically.'I think the only way you can remain ahead of anything is by being true to yourself, and I think I realise that more the older I get. You like the things you like… As long as you aren’t too concerned with who’s cool and who’s not cool, then you’re not going to have a problem.'Shop Ione's tee here and her shoes here, both from adidas. **Plus, shop the full Campus range here.Like this? You might also be interested in:Maya Jama On Navigating The Politics Of Female FashionWalking In Her Shoes: Rhiannon BarryThis Is What It's Like To Walk In An Influencer's ShoesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For too long we have misjudged the weather, turning up to work sartorially defeated, in sodden slip-on mules and inside out brollies.So now it's time we brought an end to the dodgy fashion ensembles we throw together in a last minute bid to shield ourselves from the rain.Listen up, for this is the last time you will ever find yourself in a weather-induced clothing conundrum.We’ve laid down the rules on dressing for those unanticipated downpours in the below cheat sheet:Thrust your umbrellas up against the rain and prepare to sartorially drench yourself in colour. Rule number one, don’t let the torrential downpour get you down. Instead, show the weather who’s boss and don head-to-toe colour.The spring/summer ’17 shows were a catalyst for sunshine shades, with Gucci and Celine coveting this season’s most sought after hue while Emilio Pucci introduced us to positive dressing.So forget it’s January and embrace fashion’s newfound optimism. Make a statement in the complicated adversity of politics and stock your wardrobe with rainbow shades.With a slogan tee of course. It’s never been cooler to wear your words so this season tuck a statement top/jumper into raw-hem jeans and a weather-proof anorak.Take inspo from Ashish and Ashley Williams and say it, don’t let the rain spray it. Just make sure to ditch the sandals.If there’s anyone who knows how to handle the weather, it’s your granny. So take inspo from your beloved this season and bring back the anorak. Before you shrug at the very idea of donning the famous fashion faux-pas, look who has been coveting the trend.Joseph introduced us to the waterproof in bold cobalt so don’t shy away from colour (just maybe leave the slip dress at home).Finish the look with trackpants, trainers and a hoodie. Who knows? Maybe your grannie will take sartorial inspo from you next…Gone are the days when you had to bare your arms to the cold in an attempt to shield yourself from the rain with your coat draped across your head.Why? Because fashion has welcomed the '90s hoodie back with open arms and an open mind. It’s not quite time to bid farewell to athleisure just yet so layer a statement hoodie beneath a camel floor-skimming coat and Bob’s your uncle. Never will you enter the office with rain-drenched locks again.Think back to the days when your mum would insist on continuously reminding you to wear your coat even in the warmest of climates in case the rain kicks in. Well, take stylistic advice from your elders this season as practical dressing has never been cooler.Wearable fashion finally debuted on the catwalks this season as the likes of Céline, Stella McCartney and Balenciaga brought toffee coloured trenches and paper-bag waists to our attention. Think waterproof, utilitarian and toasty. So even if you forget your brolly (we’ve all been there), you’ll be well and truly weather-proof, not to mention bang on trend...Remember when we told you about dopamine dressing? Well, don grin-inducing fashion this season. Rule number one? The brighter, the better. We’re talking rainbow shades, pompom-embellished bottoms, mismatched booties à la Céline, embroidered denim and kitsch accessories. Invest in anything that's bound to crack a smile or two amongst your fellow colleagues.Come on, have you seen Loewe’s elephant bag?Consider it your January pick-me-up. It's essential, OK?So stay cheery in the face of rainy weather with our round-up of the chirpiest fashion pieces everyone is coveting RN:Credit: ZaraBaby Pink Anorak, £59.99, ZaraRain Fashion - Grazia2of11Baby Pink Anorak, £59.99, ZaraOversized Powder Pink Jumper, £29.99, ZaraMini Crossbody Banana Bag, £17.99, ZaraNude Pink Blouse With Puffed Sleeves, £29.99, MangoPassion Wrap Jacket In Red, £225, GanniChampion x Weekday Blue Jumper, £75, Weekday'Girls, Girls, Girls' Jumper In Baby Pink, £59, Double Trouble'Elephant' Bag By Loewe, £850, Browns'Buy Me A Drink' Jumper In Powder Pink, £69, Psc'Good Times' Black Jumper, £320, Bella FreudLocket Coat, £425, ShrimpsREAD MORE: This Is The 'It' Colour Everyone Will Be Wearing In 2017READ MORE: This Bag Is Bound To Banish January Blues© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I tried on all the new stuff at Urban Outfitters so you can see what it looks like on an actual human being with arms, legs and an existential crisis every Sunday evening.While we are on the subject of being a warts 'n' all human, last week I broke my foot falling down the stairs, while trying to move house after six beers (DON’T DO THAT) hence why I am wearing a shoe-boot thing in every picture. You couldn’t tell and thought it wasn’t Prada AW17 sandal, right?BDG Jersey Elastic Waist Cropped Track Jumper, £39.00, Urban Outfitters; Kimchi Blue Cassie Fuzzy High Neck Cami, £26, Urban Outfitters; Light Before Dark Vinyl Mini Skirt, £26, Urban Outfitters; Jelly Pool Sliders, £15, Urban OutfittersCheck out that sheen! Corr blimey, it could get someone’s eye out. I’m very into this ensemble and not just because it screams ‘when you have PE at 10 am, but a school disco at 7 pm’. The green cropped sweat-shirt is hella 90’s, and this is the most Bella Hadid I have ever felt in my life, which can never be a bad thing. Oh and everyone needs a PVC mini skirt in their wardrobe, it’s the rules.Bardot Off-The-Shoulder Knit Top, £29, Kimchi Blue, Urban Outfitters; Mom Sand Corduroy Jeans, £55, Urban Outfitters; Jelly Pool Sliders, £15, Urban OutfittersThis is something I’d never, ever, EVER wear because I’m normally head to toe in monochrome workwear (as a choice, people, as a choice!) However, I have officially been won around. I am a convert. Next, I’ll be growing vegetables and spending my Sundays deciding which hill to hike up. The trousers fit like a dream, which is surprising as I can NEVER find a pair which fit both my waist and ‘generous’ bottom.*Floral Embroidered Off-The-Shoulder Dress, £49, Pins & Needles, Urban Outfitters; Jelly Pool Sliders, £15, Urban Outfitters*Although I feel slightly naked (STOP LOOKING AT ME!), I love the flattering A-line shape to this dress. It’s a perfect frock for all those summer bbq’s you’ve been invited to. If you want your pals to think you’re ‘more 90’s than a Buffalo clad Spice Girl then team the dress with pink pool sliders, I insist. But in all seriousness, do you know how hard it is navigating through shoe choices with a broken foot? V. hard.Light Blue Striped Button-Through Cold Shoulder Dress, £46, Urban OutfittersThough half of me indulges in two hour Whatsapp conversations discussing which hue of pink will go with my new kick flare trousers - the other half just wants an easy dress you can fling on a look babein’ with minimal effort. This stripy blue number ticks all the boxes, and you can even hoist it in at the middle to give you a waist Kim Kardashian would be jel of. The waist is back, so don’t waste it please.Out From Under So Over It Bodysuit, £24, Urban OutfittersBasics don’t have to be basic, honeypies. Choose a black-flashing leotard and you take your smart trousers from office to bar (just like those articles in our mum’s mags growing up!) Wearing a bra with this leotard is just not going to happen, so toss your boob holder to one side and let them loose. Kendall Jenner didn’t do an arty #freethenipple Instagram post just for banter, y’know!This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While we may not have even got to August yet, would it be wrong to say we're a tiny bit excited for autumn? Not just because the tube will return to a legal temparature but because a change in weather justifies a shopping trip.In the fashion world all eyes are already on the next season with shops starting to drop their first autumn collections, known as pre-fall, round about now. Naturally our first point of call for next season shopping is our high street fail-safe Zara. The Italian fashion mecca's 'City Lights' collection is a hotbed of covetable pieces we can wear now and throughout the autumn. Check out our favourites below...Ticking off two trends in one -polka dots and wrap tops - this shirt is first on our wishlist. Reminding us of cult label Reformation, this flattering, vintage-inspired piece will look equally good dressed down with denim cut-offs, or dressed up with a leather midi.£59.99, Zara.comFloral midi dresses have been everywhere this summer, and the trend sees no signs of slowing down. As the temperature drops we'll be swapping sandals for ankle boots, and adding a biker or blazer to beat the chill.£69.99, Zara.comThanks to the reurgance of all things 90s and 00s, the 'going-out top' is making a comeback. We'll be pairing this this bright, kimono inspired piece with straight leg jeans and red mules next time we're going out-out.£59.99, Zara.comWell deserving of its wardrobe staple status, a tailored blazer will see you through the working week and the weekend. We'd wear this dark plum number with matching trousers and a white shirt for the office, and switch it up with a denim skirt and slogan tee for the weekend.£99.99, Zara.comIt's not only wrap dresses and tops that are having a moment, wrap skirts are also trending. Bring some autumn hues into your wardrobe with this striped piece.£69.99, Zara.comGranted it may be a little early to start thinking about your winter coach purchase, but as any dedicated shopper knows, the early bird catches the worm with this one. Invest now and sit bag smugly in September when you're the one who snapped up a gem like this. This orange coat will brighten up the most basic of outfits and perk up the greyest of mornings.£179, Zara.comREAD MORE: A Zara Documentary Is In The MakingREAD MORE: How To Remain Fashionable Even When It RainsREAD MORE: Nike's New Millennial Pink Collection Is An Instagram Dream© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Pictured: @pamelakatz / @carodaur / @darjabarannikOnce the preserve of teenage girls circa 1997, the crop top has had a grown-up makeover during recent seasons. From chic off-the-shoulder, Bardot designs, to more asymmetric styles with ruffles, there's more to this humble swathe of fabric today than an excuse to flash a toned midriff.Instagram: @carodaurBut there's one crop top in particular that we've been coveting of late, and it's one that seemingly every stylish girl on Instagram has already gotten their hands on: Ganni's Charron tie-front style, which comes in both a Burberry-esque beige check print and a pink and white stripe.Instagram: @caroline_brasch / @pamelakatzStyling-wise, there's been a division amongst influencers: some, like Caroline Brasch and Pamela Katz, are teaming theirs with the matching skirt or trousers, while others have been wearing theirs with chic separates that play up the fun of the top: whether that's with a simple black denim skirt à la Darja Barannik (top), or palazzo pants like Lucy Williams (below)Instagram: @LucyWilliams02One thing that unites them all? There's no abs-baring here: it's all about balancing the sexiness of the top with a high-waisted skirt or trousers, which means its a great look for taking you from day to night.For bonus points, make sure you accessorise yours with dainty gold necklaces layered at different lengths, to really accentuate your decolletage. Oh, and heaps of confidence, too - after all - you're wearing a crop top!Ganni's Charron crop top is £140 at ganni.com.READ MORE: This Is The Colour All The 'It' Girls Are Wearing This SummerREAD MORE: Meet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The MomentREAD MORE: We're Going To This Interiors Website To Buy The Instagram Bag Of The Summer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The one thing that's missing from your life? A printed dress. From ditsy florals to abstract optics, printed dresses are having a real moment, and it's all thanks to this season's runway trends.Whether you want to turn heads while you're brunching with the girls, or stand out whilst you're chilling at the bar, a printed dress is the way to go. And with so many prints currently on the market, you're practically spoilt for choice with which dress to wear.But, to narrow it down, we recommend opting for clashing coloured floral prints for the summer, before moving into aztec prints for the winter. Even if you go for a rather daring print, remember that you can still opt for contrasting coloured accessories, because the bolder, the better.Shop our edit of printed dresses below:Summer Fiesta Print Dress, £79 from & Other StoriesPrinted Dresses - Grazia2of11Summer Fiesta Print Dress, £79 from & Other StoriesOff-The-Shoulder Dress, £34.99 from H&MCotton Dress With Embroidery, £69.99 from H&MRed Zodiac Printed Maxi Dress, £46 from River IslandCream Floral Print Tea Dress, £42 from River IslandAsymmetrical Hem Dress, £49.50 from M&SMother of Pearl Printed Dress, £495 from Net-A-PorterSummer Fever Floral Dress, £35 from Nasty GalPolka Dot Dress, £355 from PinkoSomerset by Alice Temperley Dress, £140 from John LewisAsymmetric Hem Dress, £295 from Topshop UniqueREAD MOREAn A-Z Guide On Dressing Like Selena GomezMeet The String Shopper, The £2.59 Bag Of The Moment7 Brands To Stock Up On When Holiday Shopping© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Question: what do Russian oligarchs and Instagram influencers have in common? Answer: an appreciation for West London’s Victorian and Regency architecture.Instagram has changed many things, from how we communicate to how we document our lives, and now it's affecting how we think about our streets. For those that consider wardrobe documenting a sport, London’s grandest terraces have become their go-to backdrop. There's a summer dress edit on HattieWest.com today, featuring the skimpy, the maxi and the one that looks like a tablecloth 📸 @nickhowardlanesA post shared by  Hattie West (@hattiewesttt) on Jun 16, 2017 at 5:44am PDTPart of their very obvious appeal is what the buildings themselves signify. Like taking your wedding photos in a manor house, the pictures give off the air of wealth. The instantly recognisable white residences circling Regents Park, lining the streets of Chelsea and Notting Hill and Belgravia, with their stucco walls and ornate railings, have always been the abode of the rich. Tastes may change, but the appeal of these impressive palaces have always held the regard of the moneyed. Hence, why foreign investors have brought them up in droves.Taking a photo while leaping off the door step of one or lazing against their walls has the Insta-effect of creaming off the untouchable status of those that live behind the famous facades. Laser cut in @boohooA post shared by  Mpho Lebajoa (@mpholebajoa) on Jun 17, 2017 at 5:49am PDTIt’s an acknowledged fact that social media has made people increasingly narcissistic and image obsessed. Go figure. And, key to this toxic culture is showing off about your life. Eliot Panek, a psychologist at University of Michigan, said social networks are a medium for narcissists to ‘construct and maintain a carefully considered self-image.’ Being snapped on the doorstep of a million-pound mansion is as good as owning one where Instagram is concerned. As long as it looks like you have the door key in your Gucci purse, does it matter if you don’t?This romanticising of London’s wealthiest areas is exacerbated by the way that Britain’s Brutalist estates, like Trellick and Balforn tower, have become the backdrop for Grime music videos. Traditionally lamenting Britain’s wealth divide and focusing on a DIY culture, the music has been set to a visual backdrop of an urban space miles away from the cream coloured buildings of SW1. Gritty-looking estates, like that seen in Skepta’s Shutdown, which was shot in the Barbican may – ironically – be owned by some of the best paid in the capital, are visually a distant cry from those the white, spec-free buildings the ‘gramming community favour. Couldn't fit this dress over my tush so I turned it into a top. Moral of the story: NEVER GIVE UP ON YOUR DREAMS. (Especially when they involve obscene sleeves.)A post shared by  Daisy Keens (@pieandfash) on Jul 16, 2017 at 11:45am PDTInstagrammer Daisy Keens of Pie and Fash Blog says she favours the West London buildings for their clean, cream colouring. ‘I think colours (and therefore outfits) pop more against an uncluttered background…so maybe that has something to do with the rise of Georgian building beings overrun with style savants?’ Keens explains.But, she also admits, ‘my penchant for a creamy backdrop was born of practicality, really - I work in London, and every other building is a Georgian juggernaut. So, when I roped a pal into photographing my outfit at lunchtime it just so happened that my background consisted of a swanky building (with the occasional colourful front door thrown in for good measure, of course).’This is also the case for editor and influencer Katherine Ormerod who rationalises, ‘from my perspective, it's just that I live in West London, so that's probably why! I take pictures every day so usually try and find a relatively clean backdrop so you can see the clothes as well as possible, but I love all kinds of architecture - though probably feature mostly what's close by to me!’ Geranium hunting with London's newest import @shotfromthestreet ❤️🌴A post shared by  Katherine Ormerod (@katherine_ormerod) on Jul 4, 2017 at 10:13am PDTThough Ormerod is a self-made editor with years of magazine experience and entrepreneurial grafting under her belt, she touches on a point that remains unspoken within the Instagram community when she mentions her neighbourhood. Though few will talk to it, there are a high proportion of bloggers that can actually afford to live in London’s wealthy enclaves, and so their local streets are naturally lined with these stately properties. But, whether you can afford a palatial abode or not, these Instagrammers can testify, they make the perfect backdrop.Still doubtful this trend is real? Let's look at the evidence. Using my tiredness to my advantage 💤 One more week! Let's do this... 🖐🏻A post shared by  Sandra Hagelstam (@5inchandup) on Dec 13, 2016 at 1:11pm PST Forgot my sunglasses so here I am squinting while I try to show off my vintage jacket find 👋🏼A post shared by  Estée Lalonde (@esteelalonde) on Jul 14, 2017 at 2:58am PDT There's a new post on the blog, talking about ~wearing the trousers~ (pun intended), dressing like Ryan Gosling and an overdose of La La Land... (link in bio) 👯A post shared by  Olivia (@livpurvis) on Feb 6, 2017 at 7:56am PST Today on pagesbymegan.com I'm talking about confidence and my absolute lack of it sometimes🙈 Hope you have a nosey and thanks SO much for the love on it so far you wonderful bunch 😘A post shared by  meganellaby (@meganellaby) on Mar 21, 2017 at 8:54am PDT Weather appropriate as always..A post shared by  Eleanor Calder (@eleanorj92) on Jan 18, 2017 at 11:12am PSTLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it's frose cocktails, blush pink interiors or rose gold hair, the millennial pink trend is here to stay.Now sports brand Nike is getting in on the action with a new collection titled 'Chrome Blush'.The 73-piece collection includes running, training and lounging pieces in a selection of neutral hues with accents og pink, black and grey.The brand announced the news via Instagram sharing a picture from the adveristing campaign which stars three female athletes: Olympic swimmer Kapas Boglarka, yoga instructor Klara Pokorna, and dancer Jana Vrána.The collection includes hoodies, t-shirts, trainers, sports bras, leggings and accesories.Check out some of our favourite pieces in the gallery below...nike pink2of8See and the shop the collection in full at nike.com. We predict you'll be spotting this one all over Instagram...READ MORE: Your Autumn Wardrobe Sorted Thanks To J Brand X Bella FreudREAD MORE: Sex and the City’s Most Iconic (And Outrageous) Shoe MomentsREAD MORE: The Top 20 Best Sunglasses To Buy Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s difficult staying fashionable as a fat person at the best of times, let alone in the 32 Degree heat that’s seeping out of pores you didn’t even know you had. Between chub rub, sweat stains and staying ‘Cool For The Summer’ - a la Demi Lovato - it can feel all too easy to just throw on a simple maxi dress and be done with it in the hotter days of the year. Who cares about style when you’re losing half your body weight in sweat? The chic people of plus size Instagram accounts and fashion blogs, that’s who.But these influencers have an unfair advantage on the rest of us plus sizers - looking fatshionable is their livelihood and their passion. They don’t have the option of looking like a slob for a pit stop at the pub with their mates. Instead, they need to be perfectly poised for a #candid shot at an up-and-coming bar. With this in mind, seeking out their professional opinion on staying cool and looking cool this summer was more than a must - it’s a necessity to survive the upcoming summer months.Blogger Bethany Rutter of Arched Eyebrow - who has just released her own clothing line with plus size fashion retailer Navabi - thinks that the best way to survive is in covering up. ‘The only way to guarantee comfort and zero chub rub is to use a physical barrier.’ She explains, ‘Whether that means wearing ultra-light trousers made of plisse (my faves, which I'm wearing today) or ribbed comfort shorts (the best are from Evans), it's the key to summer dressing for me. It's why I favour midi and maxi-length dresses and skirts in warm weather, to conceal the shorts.’The issue with chub rub is one that haunts a majority in our often chilly nation, even our thin sisters find their thighs redraw after a long walk on a hot day. If your thighs touch, you’re sure to have felt the pain. But if longer garments just aren’t your jam, other alternatives to (literally) save your skin are out there.Plus size model and influencer Felicity Hayward recommends, ‘cutting up a pair of tights into shorts helps those thighs glide instead of rubbing in the heat’ for a more fashionable take on Rutter’s comfort shorts.Fellow model and blogger Chloe Pierre goes one step further towards wearing as little as possible, giving her top tips of lubrication or specific product purchases to battle chub rub in the heat, ‘always carry a fan, bottle of water, baby wipes, and Vaseline or Sudocream - every pair of chafing thighs needs regular lubrication. I also love my Bandelettes for Chafing Support and give a middle finger to anyone that thinks that being bigger means you should cover up – let it all hang out if you wish, just do it fashionably!’Bandelettes are bands that go around your thighs - kind of like a garter - to protect your legs while also accessorising those thick thighs. With plenty of cute designs, Bandelettes can be just as much a part of your outfit or hidden underneath a longer skirt.Stepping away from all the thigh talk, different plus sizers focused on different ways the heat may affect a fatshionable person in the heat.Nerd About Town’s Stephanie Yeboah finds on trend garments that fit all your fat needs easier to find than you may think. ‘White Bardot flowy dresses are perfect for the scorching summer season.’ She comments,  ‘As well as the off-shoulder cut being THE style of the moment, white garments will keep you cool as it reflects and absorbs less heat than other colours.’However model and influencer Marquis Neal goes for a different way of styling it out in the sun, telling us to embrace layers in the heat over single, simpler garments. ‘My biggest tip for staying fashionable and cute while being in the heat and plus sized, would be a great mix of light, breathable, transitional layers.’ Neal recommends, ‘Lighter layers make it easy to change up your look in the off chance the sun is scorching a bit hotter than you expected, as well as giving you an opportunity to customise and adjust your outfit as you hang out in the sun.’With plenty of different angles on staying fat and fashionable, as well as a whole load of advice that can be applied in any number of ways, these plus size influencers’ words are invaluable to anyone of a heavier weight this summer.But while this practical advice is all incredibly useful, Chloe Elliott of Chloe in Curve wants you to remember body positivity in amongst a sea of ‘beach body’ and ‘summer diet’ skewed media. ‘Wear. What. You. Want. Don't feel you need to cover up in this heat because of what strangers might think of your body.’ Elliott instructs, ‘Don't let that limit your enjoyment, comfort, or your holiday - get that bikini on you thought you couldn't wear!’All in all, this is probably the best advice a plus sizer could receive in this season. Stop dressing for other people, stop hiding your flesh in fear - let it all hang out and keep cool in daisy dukes just as happily and proudly as anyone under a size 14 may feel.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Summer Is A Conscious Cellulite Sufferers Worse SeasonIs the Popularity Of Body Positivity Its Ultimate Downfall?The One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATFollow Georgina on Instagram @princessgeorginaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Can you believe it's been four years since the world's eyes were trained upon the balcony of the Lindo Wing, waiting for a first glimpse of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first child, soon to be announced as Prince George Alexander Louis?While the young prince, who turns four on July 22nd, is fast carving a niche as Great Britain's sassiest royal, he's also one of the best dressed toddlers in the public eye (not, we admit, a hugely crowded playing field, but certainly one which George rules over).Just like his mother, Kate Middleton as his mum, little George has the power to make a knitted sweater, some T-bar shoes or a pair of charmingly retro shorts sell out in a matter of moments. He also has the nonchalance required of a true style icon: who else could get away with meeting the leader of the free world in their fluffy dressing gown?To celebrate his fourth birthday, we've looked back at his ten best royal outfits. Brace yourself for a cuteness overload..Credit: InstagramWe typically see George dressed up in formal, retro styles like knitted tank tops, smart shorts and knee socks - very sweet, but a little detatched from the average toddler's wardrobe. For official photographs released to celebrate his third birthday, we were pleased to see George dressed in cargo shorts and a striped tee from Brit brand Sunuva, and a very covetable Breton jumper with whale embellishment. Does it come in grown-up sizes?Credit: GettyWhat does one wear to meet the President and First Lady of the United States of America? It's a sartorial dilemma that would puzzle even the most seasoned of style icons, but not George. For an evening with Barack and Michelle Obama, the Prince decided to keep it casual in a dressing gown by My First Years. Fair enough, given that he was probably being kept up past his bed time. The towel robe sold out in a matter of hours, but similar styles are still available on the site, priced at around £25. The rocking horse, however, will not be included.Credit: GettyLeading the pack of page boys at Aunt Pippa's wedding, George was dressed in this charmingly old-fashioned ensemble from Spanish kidswear label Pepa & Co, which has fast become a go-to for the young royals (Princess Charlotte often wears the brand's classic smocked dresses in ditzy floral prints). Gold knickerbockers, a Peter Pan collar and a tiny white basket: it's certainly a capital 'L' Look, but one by which George remians resolutely nonplussed.Credit: InstagramEven royals get their back-to-school gear from John Lewis. For his first day at Westacre Montessori School in Norfolk, the Prince was kitted out in a navy blue quilted jacket with a tartan hood from Britain's favourite department store. The coat was in fact a past season piece, from the brand's AW13 collection, removing the possibility of the usual online stampede to snap up some princely outerwear. Note the backpack in a complimentary shade of sky blue, too.Credit: GettyNothing says 'tidings of comfort and joy' like a festive knit. For official Christmas photos in 2014, the Prince - then just 18 months old - was dressed in a knitted tank top with a guardsman motif by kitsch Brit label Cath Kidston. Already sold out online before the photos appeared, the brand rushed to restock the style, with many shoppers taking to eBay to snap it up. Once again, George - and his cheeky grin - demonstrated that he has just as much fashion klout as his mother.Credit: GettyIt's well documented that his mother is a strong advocate of recycling a favourite look, but for last year's Trooping the Colour celebrations, the Duchess (or whoever was in charge of the mini royals' wardrobe) went one step further, dressing George in a light blue romper suit originally worn by Prince William for Prince Harry's christening in 1984.Credit: GettyJust like his mum, Prince George is a fan of classic blue and white stripes. He's been pictured in similar styles since, but this stripy polo from Rachel Riley, worn with blue shorts from the same brand for George's encounter with a bilby, is one of our favourites. What is a bilby, you ask? They're small - and sadly endangered - marsupials who live in the Australian desert, and the tiny chap in the picture was named George in the Prince's honour.Credit: GettyThe royals love a fashion throwback, and this red shorts and white shirt combination, worn for the christening of Princess Charlotte, is no exception. Eagle-eyed Windsor fans noted that George's outfit was a near-replica of the one his father wore to meet his younger brother Prince Harry for the first time. The modern take on Wills' vintage outfit was the work of Rachel Riley (just like the look seen above).Credit: GettyArchbishop of Canterbury? Check. Westminster Abbey? Check. A royal christening is a big deal, and requires an appropriately fancy outfit. Tradition dictates that the baby in question wears this cream lacy robe, a replica of the gown commissioned by Queen Victoria for her oldest daughter's christening in 1841. The original was retired from use in 2004 (having previously been worn by Queen Elizabeth, Prince Charles, Prince William and every other royal born since then), and this replica was also worn by little sis Princess Charlotte for her christening in September 2015.Credit: GettyEven dignified royal babies crawl every once in a while. George's red-and-white striped cropped dungarees are both fashionable and functional - and compliment his mum's classic Breton tee in a nice example of mum-and-baby twinning. Naturally, the Neck & Neck romper suit, initially priced at £24.99, sold out in less than 24 hours - such is the Prince George Effect...Credit: GettyWhat better way to nail garden party dressing than with an idiosyncratic colour pop in the form of a clownfish bubble dispenser? It's certainly a winning addition to George's usual jumper, shorts and socks combination - and one that seemingly provided the little Prince with hours of fun, too...Credit: GettyFor his first ever skiing holiday, George hit the (beginner) slopes in a navy blue winter ensemble, colour-coordinated with his father Prince William. His all-in-one ski suit was from high street outdoor pursuits store Mountain Warehouse, and was teamed with a red knitted bobble hat.Credit: GettyFor touchdown on the second part of their European tour, the Cambridge family stepped out in varying tones of the blue: from William's navy suit to Kate's significant choice of Prussian blue to Charlotte's cornflower dress and George's pale blue shirt, paired - of course - with navy shorts. Who said diplomatic dressing was just for mum and dad?READ MORE: Prince William Reveals Prince George's Favourite BookREAD MORE: Prince William Reveals Prince George's Favourite BookREAD MORE: Every Time Kate Middleton Has Repeated An OutfitREAD MORE: Every Time Kate Middleton Has Repeated An Outfit© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Now, this is a story all about how…TV dads of the 90s were steezier than we ever realised. Looking back, fondly might I note, it’s easy to see that like any fashionista, they crafted an identity for themselves through their clothes. Ask yourself this, what would Ray Barone be without his flannel shirt? And, who would Homer be without his true blue jeans? Like any style icon, their look was made apparent through a few key items, like Tim Taylor’s workmen boots and Jack Gellar’s penchant for cashmere. From their New Balance sneakers to their V-neck sweaters, here are the iconic dads we spent our weekday afternoons binging on…Before Mark Zuckerberg made normcore cool, there was Homer Simpson. Many have tried to make jeans and a white tee their own  cough James Dean cough  but no one has managed it quite like Homer.Can you say suave? Against Will Smith’s hyper-coloured 90s wardrobe in Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Philip Banks cut a GQ shape in his sharp suits.Like the sophistication of ordering a whiskey with a cigar in hand, Jack Gellar probably shopped at Saks and had a healthy number of leather brogues. Never caught off guard, this man knew how to pair a cashmere jumper with a camel coat and how to knot a bowtie without Googling it.All lessons in how to wear plaid should be taken at the altar of Home Improvement. Tim Taylor’s flannel shirt collection is what aspirations are made of.For no other reason than his by proxy association with the style savants Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen in Fuller House.No one did American casual wear quite like the chino-wearing, rolled-up sleeves dad in Boy Meets World.Name someone who made an open check shirt and white tee more iconic?Liked this? You might also be interested in:Dolce & Gabbana Are Secret Sporty Spice FansFashion Is So Carrie Bradshaw Right Now8 Times Celebrities Campaigned For Pedal PushersFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Starting your own business in your early twenties is no small feat, and even more so when entering into the ultra-competitive fashion industry. But after graduating from Ravensbourne and dissatisfied with the exclusive nature of fashion, Clio Peppiatt decided to do things her own way - and create clothing that provides a space for all women to feel welcome in.'Honestly, the starting point for me kind of came out of feeling that there were a lot of problems with the fashion industry, rather than me being in love with it, if that makes sense. I was in love with the design side, the creative side, but the way the industry was as a whole I found quite intimidating.' Peppiatt continues, 'the girl I’m designing for, that really came out of not wanting for it to be particularly exclusive. Not wanting someone to feel intimidated by the brand - or feeling like they had to be this particular girl that was involved in listening to particular music, or going to particular places, to be able to wear it.'When meeting with Peppiatt, it’s clear her warm energy rubs off on her designs. Three years from the launch of her eponymous label, she's earned a glowing reputation for creating craft heavy clothing dealing with the nuances of young womanhood. Embroidered naked ladies sit on wearable flattering shapes, hoodies are presented alongside bias cut velvet dresses - when it comes to her label, there's something to steal every type of girls heart.Despite reiterating she doesn't see herself as any sort of fashion industry outsider, Peppiatt does 'feel a lot of points of difference in regards how I design compared to a lot of womenswear designers.' She explains, 'what I’ve learnt over the past couple of years - I’m not saying it’s something I’ve always done. But for example my clothing is a lot about the surface and embellishment and embroidery; all these very decorative techniques. However it's equally important that I also set a lot of importance on make and wearability.' It's this democratic approach to design that sets her apart from her peers in the industry. You're just as likely to see Peppiatt posting an image of one of the many young women who wear her t-shirts with pride as you are to see her regram a snap of Lena Dunham sporting some highly coveted Clio Peppiatt faux fur - and her price points ensure there's something for everyone.But when you're in the business of designing dresses, how much pressure is there to ensure your own personal style matches up to the one of your brand? For Peppiatt, the synergy between what she wears and what she designs is natural. Because why make clothes you wouldn't want to wear yourself? 'My label and personal style is very intertwined, throughout the process of designing I'm always trying things on myself and seeing what else it might work with that I own rather than just my clothes. I wear my own label very, very often so it’s definitely very intertwined and kind of an extension of my own personal style.'Despite this notable down to earth approach, fashion is still very much a game of fantasy for Peppiatt when piecing together a collection. 'The real, real show pieces which are very important for me to design, they can be more like the fantasy clothes. So not necessary things that I’ll get a chance to wear on a regular basis - but more like the clothes that I wish I had something to go to where I could wear them,' she says. Peppiatt describes her brand - and her London Fashion Week presentations in particular - as a heightened, more extreme version of herself. She understands her customers are unlikely to wear full looks because she's unlikely to wear head to toe of her own designs. This isn't a negative thing - Peppiatt understands the duplicity of womanhood, style, and the importance of putting your own spin on an outfit.Citing films as her largest inspiration, Peppiatt's most recent collection saw her update Baz Luhrman’s Romeo and Juliet for the Tinder generation. 'I wanted to talk about a more modern day love story, so something that would resonate with girls and women today. It was taking in ideas of social media, dating apps and that sort of thing and presenting a sort of like an equally, non- straightforward love story – as complicated and complex love story as Romeo and Juliet is, but considering modern day factors.'It's this reason why Peppiatt’s clothes, and herself as a young business woman, are equally as adored by many, many girls. She's relatable - the type of girl you’d make friends with in the toilet queue at a club, and the type of girl who wouldn't be afraid to tell you where she got her outfit - as she's likely to be wearing something fashioned by her own hand.Shop Clio's skirt here and her trainers here, both from adidas. **Plus, shop the full Campus range here.Like this? You might also be interested in:Walking In Her Shoes: Rhiannon BarryThis Is What It's Like To Walk In An Influencer's Shoes8 Times Celebrities Campaigned For Pedal PushersThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since its inception in 1963, the Pirelli calendar has been known for its soft-focus, glossy nudes celebrating some of the world’s most beautiful women. Famous photographers and models, including Norman Parkinson, Herb Ritts, Helena Christensen and Kate Moss have collaborated on the project, which has an extremely limited print run and is actually unavailable to buy (instead, it is gifted to friends of the Italian brand).This all changed however in 2015, when the house made a major volte-face casting-wise. Instead of the usual roll-call of long-limbed, achingly beautiful models, the line-up shot by Annie Leibovitz featured women who had accomplished something important in their fields – whether it was tennis ace Serena Williams or multi-talented artist Patti Smith. After all, 12-pages of half-dressed hotties sort of felt a bit, well, dated.Then, in 2016, rather than return to its tried-and-tested formula, it continued to switch it up. This time round it opted to shoot celebrities including Jessica Chastain, Alicia Vikander and Lupita Nyong’o warts and all – with no retouching whatsoever.  Sure, it might not have been as daring as its previous year’s incarnation, but it was great to see that Pirelli was still keen to push the envelope with something a little different, especially with recent pressures on magazines to stop retouching so much.Now, it’s the turn of an all black line-up for 2018, with Adwoa Aboah, RuPaul, Whoopi Goldberg, Lupita Nyong’o and Naomi Campbell being just a few of the high-profile names on the cast, which reads like a who’s-who of black royalty. Interestingly, it’s not the first time that Pirelli has featured a line-up of exclusively black models – although the 2018 version is leaps and bounds from the hyper-sexualised 1987 edition (which also starred Campbell, natch).The men at the helm are photographer Tim Walker – known for his whimsical, ambitious sets, and Edward Enninful, incoming British Vogue editor and the mastermind behind Italian Vogue’s 2008 all-black issue and the anti-Trump ‘I Am An Immigrant’ campaign. Taking Alice in Wonderland as its theme, it riffs on the idea of beheading old cultural stereotypes and associations and rushing in a new order – something that has been particularly poignant this year.Not only has diversity been more of a talking point than ever in the fashion world – see the appointment of Enninful, more black models on the runway than ever before and Gucci’s all-black pre-fall campaign, but it has also been prominent in other spheres – most notably in the film world, which responded to its #OscarsSoWhite controversy by being more inclusive than ever in 2017 (six black actors received acting nods and Moonlight won best picture).While the intentions of the team behind the calendar can’t be faulted, there are cynics out there who will say that diversity is just a passing trend – something that grabs headlines in 2017 and which may be out of fashion just as quickly. Yet as Pirelli continue to seemingly capture the zeitgeist of the moment in its calendars, can we be hopeful that the tide is turning against the white-washing of fashion? Enninful hopes so. ‘Inclusivity is more part of the conversation than it has ever been before, but it goes far beyond black and white,’ he told the New York Times. ‘It is about all creeds, all colours, all sizes and people just living their truths. A lot of this is about digital giving people voices, and a new generation who refuse to compromise and want answers to the questions that matter to them.’READ MORE: Stella McCartney Makes Statement About Consumption By Shooting Her AW17 Campaign At A Landfill SiteREAD MORE: The Best AW17 Fashion Campaigns To Inspire Your Next Season Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A disclaimer: you did not first spot the bag of the moment on the catwalk or swinging from the arms of fashion editors and It girls. No, you saw it way before that - in a fruit and veg shop most likely, or the supermarket.Yes, you read that right. Picking up where Balenciaga's high-fashion take on Ikea's blue bags left off, the string shoppers more commonly used for toting groceries are seriously hot property this summer, favoured by style-savvy women who know that cotton netting exudes a carefree cool. Team with espadrilles and a polka dot shirtdress? Voila! That's a shortcut to some serious summer-in-the-South-of-France vibes.Credit: Instagram.com/tifmysIf the words 'It bag' fill you with financial anxiety, fear not. Unlike the Balenciaga style, which weighed in at £1,600, the string shopper doesn't come with a prohibitive price tag. You can snap one up for a sweet £2.59 on Amazon. Should you feel like splurging, however, Maison Margiela's leather-detailed haute version will suffice, and there are dozens of colourful iterations in-between.A word of warning: mind the gaps. Lip glosses and loose change run the risk of slipping through the net, so consider downsizing your contents or throwing those odds and ends in a pouch. And, of course, if you just wish to use it to carry your actual grocery shopping, we promise not to judge.Shop our edit of string shoppers, below:Green French Style String Shopping Bag, £3.95 from DotcomgiftshopString shopper - Grazia2of5Green French Style String Shopping Bag, £3.95 from DotcomgiftshopMaison Margiela Polka Dot Net Tote, £816 from Moda OperandiBlack string shopper, £2.59 from AmazonGrocery String Bag, £31 from ThisIsPaperShop.comH&M Mesh Shopper, £34.99 from H&MREAD MORE10 Chic Weekend Bags That Will Ensure You Always Travel In StyleThe Subtle Meaning Behind Kate Middleton's Blue Coat DressOur Shopping Editor's Lust List: 24 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, Pronto© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you are off to Santorini or Sicily, Bali or Biarritz, one thing is for certain, summer trips demand a shopping haul. Wondering where to grab those all-important holiday essentials? Well you're in luck, we've rounded up our favourite go-to brands. Happy shopping!Best for: EspadrillesNothing screams French girl chic more than a pair of tie-up espadrilles, and no one does them better than Spanish brand Castañer. Loved by a whole host of fashion folk - including Pandora Sykes, Laura Jackson and Jeanne Damas - Castañer have been making their cult woven shoes since 1927. An essential item for any warm weather jaunt, this perennial shoe style never dates meaning you can wear them summer after summer.Castaner.com.Best for: Cotton beach dressesNo good holiday wardrobe is complete without a cotton white dress. Cool and comfortable they’re the ideal option for throwing over swimwear pre beachside lunch or post-pool cocktails.Pampelone’s superior selection has everything from embroidered maxis to off-the-shoulder minis.Pampelone.comBest for: Happy hour maxisThis summer’s fashion editor-approved choice, Rixo’s print heavy dresses have been all-over Instagram of late. Whether it’s a Pinterest-inspired palm leaves, Matisse style florals or an technicolour stars, Rixo’s maxi dresses make the perfect sartorial partner for sunset cocktails.Rixo.co.ukBest for: Personalised  raffia accessoriesIn case you missed the memo, raffia accessories are big right now. And what’s even more on trend is personalised raffia accessories - Rae Feather’s speciality. Whether you fancy a slogan straw hat or a monogrammed wicker basket, Rae Feather can make all your dreams come true. Offering an abundance of colourways, designs and and trimmings (think fringing and pom-poms galore), there really is something for everyone.Raefeather.comBest for: Wear-with-everything sandalsHandmade in Greece using traditional methods, if you want a pair of sandals that are both stylish yet sturdy, look no  further than Ancient Greek Sandals. Whether you’re planning a fly-and-flop beach trip or an action-packed city break, their sandals will see you through.Ancient-greek-sandals.comBest for: Technicolour cover-upsHolidays provide a much-needed opportunity to inject some colour into your wardrobe. Case in point: Pippa Holt’s colourful kaftans. Forget all preconceptions you have about kaftans, these beautiful handcrafted masterpieces are created by a group of artisans in a remote part of Mexico. Suited to beach days and alfresco dinners in equal measure, we want every single one.Pippaholt.comBest for:  Linen shirtsIf minimalist dressing is more your thing then Asceno is probably your holidaywear heaven - think relaxed fits, neutral colour pallettes and light fabrics. Our favourite? Their linen shirts. Wear over a bikini for a cool-girl alternative to the kaftan or pair with denim cut-offs and espadrilles when the sun sets.Asceno.comREAD MORE: The Best Straw Hats To Buy Right NowREAD MORE: The Australian Swimwear Brands You Need To Know About© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Denim connoisseur J Brand has teamed up with London-based designer Bella Freud in the creation of an exclusive 17-piece collection.Inspired by Freud’s adoration for ‘70s denim, the designer got nostalgic when talking to WWD about the upcoming collaboration as she talked about the days when she would head to Jean Jeanie to try on endless pairs of jeans.“Everyone loves denim. There’s always a moment in your life when you find what you love jeans-wise,” the designer told WWD. “These young guys would come into the dressing room halfway through when you were half naked, ‘Oh, do you need any help?’ It was such a nightmare, trying desperately to work out if you were going to look like an idiot in the jeans.”Sound familiar? Well, Bella is here to solve all of our denim woes.The line will feature two pairs of jeans, a jacket, skirt and jumpsuit ranging from dark indigo hues to black denim. Plus, a number of Freud's cult slogan knits.And it seems jeans are the new ‘it’ item this season as Freud revealed: “A girl in a cool pair of jeans is like botticelli’s venus - as though she has invented this look for the first time, you never get tired of watching her.”She continued: “I am excited to be collaborating with the kings of denim, J Brand to create some sexy and desirable looks for autumn/winter '17.”The collection will launch at the end of with pre-order available from today. Head to jbrandjeans.com & bellafreud.com to shop!Check out the pieces in the gallery below...J Brand Bella Freud - Grazia 2of15READ MORE: We Have Evidence That This Is The Jewellery Trend Everyone Is CovetingREAD MORE: This Fashion Item Is Officially The Next Must-Have© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As the the world’s first vegetarian luxury brand, and a pioneer of ethical practices (their women's collection now uses 53% sustainable materials), Stella McCartney is a trailblazer when it comes to green-approved fashion.However the latest move from the brand sees them going beyond the production process and tackling the issue of sustainability from  a different angle. For her AW17 womenswear campaign Stella McCartney shot models Birgit Kos, Iana Godnia and Huan Zhou on a landfill site on the coast of Eastern Scotland.Photographed by Harley Weir in collaboration with artist Urs Fischer, the images see the models standing and lying upon piles of landfill. Making a clear statement about waste and consumption, the sobering images highlight distinctly modern society's throwaway culture, and problem with fast fashion.'The idea we had with this campaign is to portray who we want to be and how we carry ourselves; our attitude and collective path. Our man-made constructed environments are disconnected and unaware of other life on the planet, which is why there is waste,' McCartney explained.'Stella's fashion to me is about dignity, love and a beautiful attitude to all challenges, all while feeling good and looking great. We wanted to reflect that in the concept of this campaign,' Firshcer added.Alongside the visuals the brand also created a video to support the campaign which features models lip-syncing along to a song by Australian rapper Tkay Maidza.Watch it below...READ MORE: How Stella McCartney Changed The Face Of Fashion As We Know ItREAD MORE: The Organic Beauty Products You Need To Know AboutREAD MORE: Mango Just Launched A Sustainable Collection And We Want Everything© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion enthusiasts, gather round: The Outnet are having a summer sale, and this means that you can bag yourself a rather snazzy bargain.Worried that you don't have the time to trawl through the sale pages, though? Don't fret, because we've done all of the legwork for you, and rounded up the very best pieces to shop from The Outnet sale. Check them out, below.This cream lace and silk skirt by Jason Wu will see you through a variety of occasions, from christenings to weddings to summer parties.Jason Wu Skirt, Was £2330, Now £466 from The OutnetThis cute blush shoulder bag features embellished eye detailing and a sporty drawstring top. Could you even ask for more?Rochas Embellished Shoulder Bag, Was £585, Now £204.75 from The OutnetClassic tan-coloured espadrilles will never go out of style. Pair them with a denim dress or skirt for the perfect summer outfit.Soludos Lace-up Espadrilles, Was £65, Now £26 from The OutnetWe're head over heels for this quirky mini dress, which comes complete with an embellished red love heart on the bust area. Dreamy.Love Moschino Mini Dress, £225, Now £56.25 from The OutnetIf you didn't already know, yellow is set to be the 'It' colour this summer. So if we were you, we'd invest in this bold saffron and yellow shirt - immediately.Rochas Chiffon Shirt, Was 1373.79, Now £274.76 from The OutnetSlip-on, open toe sandals are everywhere right now, and these Tory Burch ones have caught our attention. The simple black, white and blue stripe pattern will let your feet do all of the talking. So, what are you waiting for?Tory Burch Printed Leather Sandals, Was £305, Now £76.25 from The OutnetLooking for a versatile bag for summer? We've got you covered: this straw and leather number from Sandro is guaranteed to amp up any day-time outfit you throw on.Sandro Straw & Leather Bag, Was £260, Now £91 from The OutnetYou can still wear long-sleeved tops in the summer. Just make sure to opt for one that's been made out of a light material, like this chiffon one. Pair it with some black jeans and strappy heels for a sultry evening look.Alice + Olivia Printed Top, Was £250, Now £62.50 from The OutnetHave heads turning in this gorgeous printed Burberry dress. Pair with some mustard or teal heels for an elegant look.Burberry Dress, Was £1995, Now £295 from The OutnetREAD MOREYour Autumn Wardrobe Sorted Thanks To J Brand X Bella FreudThe Best AW17 Fashion Campaigns To Inspire Your Next Season WardrobeOur Shopping Editor's Lust List: 24 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, Pronto© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘What’s going through your head when you get dressed in the morning?’ we asked Maya Jama, ‘not much’ she candidly replied. A girl after our own heart here at The Debrief, Maya is taking over the airwaves day by day on her own terms.Maya, who grew up in Bristol and is half-Swedish and half-Somalian, has done a lot in her very short career. From presenting a show on one of East London’s uncompromising and innovative radio stations, Rinse FM, to appearing as a commentator on Love Island’s After Sun and presenting for MTV and 4music Maya is a multi-tasking one woman media powerhouse. Maya will also be one of the presenters for CannonBall, a new ITV show airing later this year.Watch Maya's interview below:Like so many of us, she’s juggling several different things at any given time. We spoke to her about how that influences what she chooses to wear on any given day. As women, whether we like it or not, we’re so often judged on our appearances and what we wear does influence how people perceive us. Maya told The Debrief Deputy Editor, Vicky Spratt, how she navigates this, what items of clothing she feels most comfortable in and how she will often take several changes of clothes with her when she sets off in the morning.Shop Maya's skirt here and her hoodie here, both from adidas. **Plus, shop the full Campus range here.Like this? You might also be interested in:Walking In Her Shoes: Rhiannon BarryThis Is What It's Like To Walk In An Influencer's Shoes8 Times Celebrities Campaigned For Pedal PushersThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Is it the art of curating an Instagrammable look with seemingly zero effort? Or the way in which they strike an enviable balance between fashion and practicality? We're not quite sure we can pin down the answer. Either way, the Scandi style set have left us awe-struck.For as long as we can remember, the world has been in the wake of Scandi-mania. One minute we're Googling how to hygge our homes and the next, we're trying to make sense of new buzzword, Lagom. The heady influence of the Scandi Effect is well and truly in full swing...And now, there's finally a chance for us to invest in a slice of the Scandi culture. Swedish fashion giant H&M has promised to introduce one of its most popular brands to the UK. Yes, Weekday is finally opening a store on London's Regent Street this August. Described as a 'Swedish fashion and denim brand inspired by youth culture and street style', the label is set to change the face of London's shopping scene. And with sister brand Arket opening just next door, our fashion city is has officially surrendered to the Scandis.Despite being heavily rooted in Swedish culture, Weekday has been expanding ever since it first set up shop in Stockholm back in 2002. Fast forward fifteen years and the brand has served up Scandi style in a total of eight countries so it seemed only natural to give Londoners what they’ve been waiting oh so patiently for.In fact, London has 'always been on the agenda’ according to the brand’s managing director, David Thörewik."We have been longing to open a store here. It’s been a goal for many of us working at Weekday to actually be able to meet our customers in person. And then we found this great location on Regent Street,” he beams. “We are very, very happy."And we can’t hide our excitement either. But with such a strong fan base back in its hometown of Stockholm, did the team need to make any adjustments to meet the needs of the UK market?"We believe that our brand matches the customer in the UK perfectly so from that perspective we didn’t see that we needed to make any adjustments,” David admits. “But we have done some unique things for this store. We've made some changes in materials in terms of store concept to take this beautiful premise and keep the historical charm of the location and add the Weekday energy to it. And then of course we also have our studio where we hand-screen t-shirts in store every week.”Weekly Zeitgeist promises to produce hot-off-the-press t-shirts based on current affairs. Most recently, the brand released one-of-a-kind t-shirts emblazoned with the word, 'Deutschland', as Germany became the 23rd country in the world to celebrate marriage equality.Before another must-have soon dominated our Insta-feeds, after the highly-anticipated birth of Beyoncé’s twins. It’s every millennial’s dream.But if that isn’t enough to get you excited for payday, the store opening will also enable customers to bag a piece of the autumn/winter ’17 collection which will launch exclusively in celebration of the new store opening."We took inspiration from landscape photographer Nadav Kander and the collection really captures the human emotion so you can expect beautiful colours,” creative director Louise Lasson teases. “And we’ve also taken inspiration from 1973 sci-fi animation, Fantastic Planet, and we wanted to create a bit of a chaotic feeling. We take these oversized pieces and combine them with smaller pieces. And that gives us the contrasts that we work with within the collection."And it’s a tight operation. According to Louise, there is an in-house design team of 20 based in Stockholm and they often source inspiration from each other for upcoming collections."We push each other to really create the most dynamic collection. We find something that we really like within the design team whether we have travelled somewhere together or found something that we really like on Instagram. It's always something that we think is relevant.”Louise continues: “But inspiration can come from anything and it can also be very abstract. It can be for instance more of a mood, which starts a conversation.”And Scandinavian fashion has had us talking for the past few years. In fact, we can’t shut up about it. But what is it that draws us to our northern neighbour’s aesthetic?"I think many are attracted to the minimalism that Scandinavians are known for,” Louise answers. “It's always the first thing that you think of. It can be very relaxing to go back to the way that things started. That is what Scandinavian fashion is all about. But at Weekday, it is more powerful. It's all about working with contrasts and creating a dynamic between streetwear and fashion. It's more of a kind of powerful minimalism I suppose..."And it works wonders. With denim at its core, the brand sells jeans aplenty. And with the recent surge in athleisure, it's hardly surprising when Louise reveals to Grazia that the label is selling sweatshirts and hoodies like hot cakes this season.But what do Louise and David recommend first-timers jot down on their shopping lists ahead of the new store launch?“If you think of the Weekday aesthetic, we are very strong on jeans. We believe a lot in washes in both blue and black. I would also say that you should invest in outerwear. It could be either a long wool coat or if you don’t have a leather jacket, a classic Weekday biker,” Louise advises. “And we are working on a lot of new shapes for autumn at the moment. For example, we have been concentrating on sleeves. I would say something simple made from a knit or sweatshirt material with a new sleeve...""From a male perspective I would definitely go for denim jeans,” David adds. “Find the perfect authentic wash in black or blue. Also, find the perfect t-shirt, which I think we have in our stores. And again, the leather jacket..."But if you can already feel your bank account quivering at the very thought of the impending haul, fear not. The brand is big on bringing sustainable fashion to the masses, so look no further for a greater excuse to invest."We feel very strongly that our customers should not compromise between fashion and sustainability,” Louise tells Grazia. “So for example, all of our denim is made from sustainable fabrics and an organic cotton blend. All of our cotton basics are made from sustainable fabrics now, too. And for spring, we added a swimwear line which is made from recycable polyester and that is what we aim for, to add as many sustainable fabrics as we can."David wholeheartedly agrees. "We feel it is very important for us as a brand. We are a fashion label with a sustainable aspect. I also think it’s good to think that you can be sustainable in many ways. If you have a sweater for example, it should last for a long time. The aesthetic must be durable. We have a goal for 2020 to use cotton from 100 percent sustainable sources. We're on the way..."And with such big plans for a sustainable future in place, what else is in store for the Swedish fashion giant?"In five years time we will have continued to develop the Weekday brand to become hopefully better and better,” David reveals to Grazia. “We will also work more with digitalisation and see how we can integrate the different channels more and create the best, most convenient shopping experience for our customers. And we will continue to grow and expand both digitally and physically..."But if the label could land itself a store anywhere in the world, where does Weekday see itself most?"I have to say London has been our dream location for a long time..." Louise admits."But now we need a new dream!” David laughs. “But I do agree. We can’t talk specifically about any potential locations but we are planning a heavy growth. And this is a big and important step for us to finally have a store in the UK. We are planning on increasing the number of stores in Europe..."Weekday opens on Regent Street on 18th August, 2017. The first 200 customers will receive 40 percent off on opening day and a free pair of Weekday jeans.READ MORE: 15 Items To Covet Ahead Of Weekday's London LaunchREAD MORE: Arket: Everything You Need To Know From H&M's New BrandREAD MORE: Neous: The Shoe Brand Everyone Is Following On Instagram Right Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s never too early to think about coats, especially not when they are designed by J.W. Anderson and cost a mere fraction of what you’d expect. This September the British designer will be debuting his first collaboration with Uniqlo, and it’s everything we could hope for.The 33-piece range is the best of both labels, taking J.W.’s bold, unisex aesthetic and mixing it with Uniqlo’s smart fabrics and functional fabrication. The result is rainbow striped scarfs crafted out of HEATTECH and feather-weight tartan down puffa jackets with ribbed cuffs.‘For me, the point of doing this collaboration was that I believe in democracy in fashion, and what I hope will be achieved is that any age demographic can pick up and find something within the collection to relate to. Doing something with Uniqlo is very interesting. It’s a different exercise than with J.W. Anderson, because we have a wholesale network whereas Uniqlo is a retail network. It means you come up with a wardrobe which is universal and quirky,’ the lauded designer said.The collection is a checklist of autumnal favourites, all painted with the designer’s take on British heritage. There’s tartan linings and cable knit sweaters, trenches and duffle coats and jackets that at a speedy glance could be a Barbour priced at a reasonable £14-£139. Though the pieces are affordable, items like the padded bags, don’t shy away from incorporating the J.W. Anderson's famous anchor iconography.The collection will go on sale on September 19th in store and online.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion enthusiasts gather round, because MR By Man Repeller have dropped a collection of stylish, quirky shoes, and they're giving us life.The six-piece collection, which is stocked exclusively on Net-A-Porter, is focused on high summer shoes. With the prices ranging from £265 to £350, these shoes certainly don't come cheap, but they are a worthy investment if you're after something unique and edgy. Man Repeller's founder Leandra Cohen designed the range to have a mixture of sandals, wedges, kitten heels and clogs, to cover you for any sort of summer soirée that comes your way. Or, idk, maybe raffia fruit are more your thing (these lace ups are cool because you can either bow them slingback style or lace them up ankle support style) #mrbymanrepellerA post shared by  Leandra (Medine) Cohen (@leandramcohen) on Jul 17, 2017 at 7:16am PDT Don't sleep on the bandana clog either #mrbymanrepellerA post shared by  Leandra (Medine) Cohen (@leandramcohen) on Jul 17, 2017 at 2:25pm PDTInfluenced by her personal style, the shoes feature a variety of different patterns and motifs, from bandana-print inspired clonky clogs to embroidered raffia pumps. Our standout favourites? Well, that would have to be the kitten heels embroidered with an assortment of fruit (including avocado, people!), or the sultry wicker wedge PVC sandals that will make you look smokin' when chilling by the pool.Also featured in the collection are chic satin wedges which remind Leandra of 'pool furniture. [They] encapsulate how I like to feel in the summer: like a lady of leisure'; light blue kitten heels which are embroidered with crystal-embellished cherries; and colour-block strappy sandals. Well, we guess that's our summer shoedrobe sorted, then.You can shop the MR By Man Repeller collection on Net-A-Porter.Like this? You might be interested in:11 Espadrilles We Need On Our Feet This SummerWalking In Her Shoes: Rhiannon BarryChristopher Kane's Croc Collaboration Is A Sight To BeholdFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If Instagram is anything to go by, there’s only one fabric that you want your accessories to be made from this summer: straw, or, more specifically, raffia. Round bags, bucket bags and floppy hats have all been fashioned out of the holiday-ready material this summer, with influencers including Camille Charriere, Lucy Williams, Reem Kanj and Liv Purvis all championing the straight-from-the-local-market-look.Instagram: @camillecharriere @lucywilliams02But if you’re not jetting off to Marrakech or Bali anytime soon, where can you get your hands on the most covetable style of the summer? Enter our new discovery – interiors website Edit58. Set up by travel-obsessed homeware expert Lisa Mehydene, it stocks pieces that she’s collected on her global adventures, many with her own unique twist. As well as artisan rugs, cushions and wall hangings, there’s also a ‘baskets and hats’ section, which is a treasure trove of authentic weaved accessories, many of which you can personalise.Instagram: @edit.58Whether you’re looking for a chic beach carry-all with your name (and some pom-poms) on, or the circular box bag worn by everyone on Instagram, there’s definitely a style for you.  There are also customised hats – you know the ones, they say ‘holiday’ or ‘summer’, pretty much anything you want – that you’ve probably been seeing cropping up again and again on celeb holiday snaps.Don’t say we never give you anything.READ MORE: Our Shopping Editor's Lust List: 18 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, ProntoREAD MORE: 11 Of The Best Pieces In The Mango Sale© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...BFFs and co-stars Rihanna and Cara Delevingne pulled out all the stops last night at the world premiere of Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets in Los Angeles.While Delevingne took the theme of the French sci-fi film quite literally in a space age inspired gown, Rihanna looked every bit the princess in a  powder pink creation.Delevingne wore a see-through Iris van Herpen gown from the designer's lastest couture collection. Created from wire, the elegant sculptural style came in high at the neck and cleverly covered all the right areas.Delevingne, who plays a space-and-time-traveling agent and the love interest of Valerian, let the her dress do the talking by sweeping her growing locks back in a retro wave, and pairing the gown with strappy heels.Rihanna, who has a small part in the film, wore a glamourous off-the-shoulder gown by Giambattista Valli Couture complete with puffy sleeps, ruffled neckline and long train.WATCH: 'Valerian' Movie Premiere Red CarpetThe singer and aspiring actress styled the dress with knee-length lace-up sandals by Manolo Blahnik. This isn't the first time Rihanna has turned to Giambattista Valli for a red carpet moment - the Italian designer created the giant pink dress she wore to the 2015 Grammys.READ MORE: Check Out Cara Delevingne's Dramatic New HaircutREAD MORE: A Rihanna And Lupita Nyong'o Film Is Coming (And It's All Thanks To Twitter)READ MORE: 24 Of Cara Delevingne's Most Stylish Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mango fans, rejoice: the fashion retailer are having a flash summer sale, meaning you can grab yourself a super stylish bargain - if you act quick! To save you from trawling through the website, we've picked our 11 favourite sale pieces that will give your wardrobe a chic update, and all without breaking the bank.From summer-worthy hem trousers, to on-trend loafers, to timeless trench coats, there's something for everyone in this Mango summer sale. Happy shopping!Was £89.99, Now £39.99, **Mango**MangoInvest in a timeless trench that'll see you through the seasons.Was £35.99, Now £17.99, **Mango**MangoObsessed with dogs? Then you'll want to stock up on this insanely cute dog printed shirt.Was £29.99, Now £19.99, **Mango**MangoOoze boho chic this summer in a pair of flowing, patterned trousers. Pair them with a white crop top and some tan sandals for an all-round stylish look.Was £59.99, Now £19.99, **Mango**MangoDecorative fringing and a comfortable heel? Sign us right up.Was £89.99, Now £29.99, **Mango**MangoEmbroidered motifs are so in for summer, so we recommend adding this bold bomber to your clothing collection immediately.Was £89.99, Now £29.99, **Mango**MangoThrow a statement kaftan over your shoulders to elevate any casual outfit into a stylish evening one.Was £69.99, Now £29.99, **Mango**MangoFeaturing metallic thread detailing and an asymmetric hem, this dress is perfect for taking you from the office to after-work drinks.Was £35.99, Now £19.99, **Mango**MangoCreate the illusion of an hourglass figure with this clever-working ring dress.Was £29.99, Now £19.99, **Mango**MangoWe've never seen cuter or more comfortable looking sandals in our lives. Trust us: buy these and your feet will thank you.Was £25.99, Now £15.99, **Mango**MangoPair this statement skirt with a simple tee or white shirt for a snazzy workwear look.Was £35.99, Now £17.99, **Mango**MangoIf you didn't already know, yellow is the 'It' colour of 2017. And when a yellow top is combined with cuff sleeves, it's a win-win situation.READ MORE10 Chic Summer Dresses You Can Wear To Work During A HeatwaveWhat Our Shopping Editor Is Coveting This WeekThe Prettiest Beach Towels To Take On Holiday© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since Urban Outfitters relaunched their in-house denim line, it’s been the high street’s dark horse. Using high-quality European-sourced fabrics, their in-house denim product developer Amy Roberton confidently says, ‘good denim only gets better with age!’‘The real secret is in how you treat the jeans once you’ve purchased them.’ Amy adds, ‘My top tip is to wash them inside out and with similar colours to avoid them losing their true colour. Denim without stretch in them will naturally last longer, so if you do go for stretch options, put them on a cooler wash as this will help them to hold their elasticity.’ Bank deets at the ready, here's everything we're crushing on at Urban Outfitters right now...Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget millennial pink - this summer, there's only one hue that the style set are repping and it might not be what you think: yellow (Grazia yellow, if you like). When the primary colour became a big talking point on the autumn/winter 2017 catwalks - with Coach, Jason Wu and Topshop showing shades of sherbet, neon and marigold - we weren't sure how quickly it would catch on - after all, it's notoriously difficult to wear, often washing people out.But it seems our fears were unfounded as the front row has already found a way to make the tricky trend work IRL. We first noticed it when both Celine Dion and Karlie Kloss wore it for the recent Dior couture show, and then digging a little deeper on Instagram, we discovered that a lot of our favourite influencers and bloggers have already been wearing the shade.Instagram: @lucywilliams02 @pandorasykesThe key, of course, is finding the right yellow for you. Egg yolk works well on everyone - think Michelle Williams in that Vera Wang Oscars dress from 2006 and Beyonce in her 'Hold Up' video - especially when paired with a strong red lip. A buttery hue - like Celine Dion's Dior leather - is great for warming up pale complexions, while brunettes can wear most shades of light yellow, as it doesn't contrast with their hair in the same way.Shop our favourite yellow pieces in the gallery below.Linen trousers, £29.99, ZaraYellow trend - Grazia2of10Linen trousers, £29.99, ZaraTopshop Unique silk dress, NOW £105, Net-A-PorterTitania sunshine dress, £125, KitriFloral dress, NOW £59.99, MangoSleeveless yellow dress, £79, CosYellow leather skirt, NOW £74, FineryMay Jane, approx £160, Realisation ParMiguelina broderie anglaise-trimmed polka-dot cotton top, £315, Net-A-PorterJules top, £85, BA&SHDiamante mules, £50, River IslandREAD MORE: 5 Style Lessons We've Learned From Alicia Vikander's Ibiza WardrobeREAD MORE: The Top 20 Best Sunglasses To Buy Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since Alessandro Michele took over at the helm of Gucci at the start of 2015, the brand has been unstoppable. Their next step in global domination? The launch of a new project called Gucci Places.The new iniative will see locations around the world that have inspired Michele and the Italian fashion house named as 'Gucci Places'. Gucci fans can then 'check in' to these destinationsvia the mobile app to access exclusive content and even win Gucci goodies.The first place to be unveiled is right here in Britian - Chastworth House in Debryshire. The lavish stately home is a perfect fit considering it is currently supporting an extensive exhibition of clothing and memorabilia entitled House Style, curated by Hamish Bowles, American Vogue’s International Editor-at-Large. Chatsworth was also the location of the Gucci Cruise 2017 advertising campaign, which featured British actress Vanessa Redgrave.Gucci will create a dedicated badge for each place alongside a special collection of pieces.The first collection, the Gucci Places Chatsworth collaboration, will be on sale  at the Chatsworth store, and Gucci’s Sloane Street store in London, from mid-July.Over time the brand will add more and more destinations to their roster with the aim to create a network of of locations all connected to Gucci.Watch this space...READ MORE: Gucci Announces The Collaboration We've Been Waiting ForREAD MORE: Gucci Is Officially The Hottest Fashion Brand In The World Right NowREAD MORE: The Surprising New 'It' Bag Trending Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is one accessory that trumps all others at this time of year: a great pair of shades. Whatever your style or budget, we’ve got something to suit you. From the fash pack’s favourites to iconic statement shades, your summer sunnies are officially sorted.Dolce & Gabbana Textured Round Sunglasses, £228 from John LewisTop 20 sunglasses 20172of20Dolce & Gabbana Textured Round Sunglasses, £228 from John LewisChristian Dior Symmetric Oval Sunglasses, £329 from John LewisMiu Miu MU 52SS Cat's Eye Sunglasses, £270 from John LewisMiu Miu MU 51SS Round Sunglasses, Gold/Mirror Beige, £305 from John LewisPrada PR 04TS Pentagonal Sunglasses, £233 from John LewisGucci Square Sunglasses, £309 from StyleBop.comAlexander McQueen Statement Sunglasses, £309 from StyleBop.comAlexander McQueen Sunglasses, £219 from StyleBop.comGucci Square Sunglasses, £229 from StyleBop.comJimmy Choo Round Sunglasses, £295 from Very.co.ukRiver Island Gold Sunglasses, £15 from Very.co.ukRayban Round Blue Sunglasses, £115 from Very.co.ukMax Mara Round Sunglasses, £180 from Very.co.ukLinda Farrow Cat Eye Sunglasses, £515 from SelfridgesLinda Farrow Round Sunglasses, £755 from SelfridgesLinda Farrow Aviator Sunglasses, £685 from SelfridgesDolce & Gabbana Round Sunglasses, £286.12 from ShopbopFendi Round Sunglasses, £421.45 from ShopbopKaren Walker Sunglasses, £216.52 from ShopbopAlice + Olivia Round Embellished Sunglasses, £310 from HarrodsFor the minimalists amongst you, go for something chic and subtle: a classic pair of Ray Ban’s will be on your nose throughout summer and beyond. For something a little bit more adventurous, try a coloured pair or a quirky, bold frame. Alexander McQueen and Gucci's glasses will have everyone talking.Scroll through and pick your perfect pair!READ MOREHow To Choose The Right Pair of Sunglasses For Your Face ShapeFashionable Hats That Will Amp Up Any Summer Outfitou Know The Espa-Drille: Shop This Season's Must-Have Shoe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kim Kardashian West has a new uniform, and there’s not a waist trainer in sight. For the second time in a fortnight, she’s stepped out in New York wearing a blazer and cropped leggings. The look is peak Spice Girls, it’s an homage to 1998, an ode to Mel C, an elegy to Girl Power dressing.Like a four-part paean to the ‘90s, Kim’s outfit taps several distinctive elements straight out of the Spice World handbook. If we start with the blazer and work down, you’ll notice she’s girl boss'd her sheer Gucci bra like she’s about to belt out a cover of Wannabe by promoting underwear to outerwear.Next, she added a pair of pedal pushers. Spoiler, about to show my age here: for anyone who doesn’t remember the ‘90s, pedal pushers were the great fashion equaliser of their day. Mums, kids, celebrities, teachers, everyone owned and wore them even though they were more unflattering than not and had an awful habit of making thighs look like sausages. After Kristen Stewart wore a pair to the recent Chanel couture show, I guess it was inevitable that more celebrities would follow suit. Kim’s are navy and – from this distance – look like they are made of velvet.If there is one thing the Kardashians excel at it’s self-promotion, so it’s only natural that Kim would team her outfit with a pair of Perspex heels from her husband Kanye’s Yeezy line. But, what came like a shot out of nowhere was her accessorising. With barely any jewels on, Kim clutched a nylon Prada bag.It is more than just another pocketbook, it’s an anti-It bag emblem. It’s a marker of minimalism and utility. It’s a Prada icon that’s a symbol of the women Muciccia designs for, someone practical and subtle, who values form and function. It’s barely decorated and the opposite of the ornate designs of competitors, like Chanel or Hermès. It’s industrial, useful and importantly a style totem right out of the 90s.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Game of Thrones first aired in 2011, no one could have predicted that Sophie Turner, the 13-year-old actress playing the naïve, slightly irritating character of Sansa Stark, would go on to become its most stylish star.After all, the fashion world first fell in love with older co-stars Emilia Clarke and Kit Harrington, who both went on to model for fashion houses; Clarke for Dior and Harrington for Jimmy Choo.Yet it is Turner who has now surpassed them both, becoming fashion’s newest darling – not least Louis Vuitton, who has courted her as its latest muse.With her icy-blonde hair, ethereal features and model build, clothes are always going to look great on Turner, but she’s undoubtedly got a knack for putting things together in a unique way – as does her stylist, Rebecca Corbin Murray. Here, we break down exactly why we think Turner has become the Thrones’ star most likely to be seen on a couture front row.Whether she’s rocking leggings and a crop top, double denim with a rockstar tee or shoulder-robing like a front row regular, there’s no denying that Sophie Turner has got the model-off-duty look down. She’s also aware of the power of a trophy piece: like her Louis Vuitton bag, USA leather jacket and cats-eye shades.Turner’s ascent to LV girl was rapid: she wore pretty much nothing else throughout awards season this January. Just like Nicholas Ghesquiere’s former actress muses, she possesses an ethereal, otherworldly look, making her the ideal fashion plate for his futuristic designs. Exhibit A: her Pierre Courrèges-inspired, space-age Sixties pleated leather mini, black fur jacket and over-the-knee white boots, worn to the Louis Vuitton show. Exhibit B: her daring BAFTAs gown, which featured a very low-cut design and thigh-high split, as well as a molten-silver sequinned skirt. Exhibit C: the Game of Thrones-inspired white and gold dress with side splits which she wore for the Met Ball.While many starlets stick to a simple formula of mega-watt dress + heels for red carpet events, Turner isn’t averse to mixing it up with a jumpsuit or smart trouser look. She’s particularly good when it comes to playing with silhouettes: we love it when she wears high-waisted flared looks – whether that’s with a high-neck or spaghetti straps.If the occasion demands it, Turner is totally up for laying on the glitz and channelling Old Hollywood starlets like Veronica Lake. When she opts for these high-voltage looks she often sticks to classic colour palettes – black, metallic or red – but often mixes it up slightly with a more modern cut and silhouette.  We particularly loved her Jessica Rabbit-esque assymetrical gown from Louis Vuitton (natch) that she wore to SAG Awards – a look that signalled she was a teen TV starlet no more.From her earring creeper at the Met Gala, to her Louis Vuitton futuristic boots and her spiky gold necklace, Turner loves adding a little bit of a rock star edge to her look via her accessories.READ MORE: An A-Z Guide On Dressing Like The Olsen TwinsREAD MORE: Meet The Woman Behind Gigi Hadid's New Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Got some extra cash lying around ($800 to be exact)? If so, fancy spending it on a very expensive pair of Birkenstocks? Nah, we didn't think so.Pushing the boundaries of affordable luxury fashion to the limit, Birkenstocks - a fashion brand that is often coveted by editors, celebrities and influencers alike - has released a limited-edition version of the classic Arizona shoe model. And this new design costs a whopping $800. Yes, you heard correctly, $800 for a pair of sandals. If that's not daylight robbery then I don't know what is.But what's so special about these limited-edition, nautical-themed shoes? Apparently just the leather material, which is said to be the 'finest imbued and oiled natural leather in navy blue'. As for the hand-crafted buckles? Well, they're made from sterling silver that's originated from the metalwork studio of jewellery designer Patrik Muff. This is a nice addition, but not really worthy of $800, right?In fact, at such a hefty price, these shoes better walk for me, bring me my cup of coffee in the morning, and last until the day that I die, because I seriously won't be able to afford to buy any more footwear again.Now, while I no doubt love the original (and more affordably-priced) Arizona Birkenstocks for their timeless style and comfortable design, I don't think I'll be forking out the best part of my monthly salary for the limited-edition version. Especially considering the fact that we hardly ever see any sun in England, so sandals are almost pointless. I think I'll stick to the basic $34.95 version, thanks...Like this? You might be interested in:11 Espadrilles We Need On Our Feet This SummerWalking In Her Shoes: Rhiannon BarryChristopher Kane's Croc Collaboration Is A Sight To BeholdFollow Arianna on Instagram: @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The last ever Secret Garden Party is almost upon us and as excited as you may be to go and witness history in the making (yes, history, people) doesn't necessarily mean that you're in any way shape or form prepared for the final farewell of the country's favourite festivals.No, we didn't know what to wear either. The theme for SGP's 15th anniversary year 'Sweet Dreams... Are Made Of These?'. You can read the full description on the website here but it pretty much translates to all things fame, celebrity and media obsessive. Safe to say that it's a theme that we, the Instagram generation know all too well. So, we knocked up some of the most borderline ironically (depending on how seriously you want to take the whole thing...) hashtaggable and budget-friendly costumes that you can re-create for this year's blow out. Minimum spend, maximum lolz. Here's what to wear to the last Secret Garden Party.Flower Wreath Headband Crown Floral Garland, £3.15, Amazon; Beyonce Style Long Curly Wig, £4.99, Amazon; 54" Wide Dress Net Fabric, £2.41, Amazon; Carey Deep Plunge Neck Crop Top, £5, Boohoo; Ridley High Waist Skinny Jeans in Harry Lightwash Blue, £28, ASOSWhat you’ll need:Top Tip: Try and stay kneeling at all times, if not make sure you cradle your stomach so everyone knows who you are.Ladies Classic Long Wig, £6.26, Amazon; Jena Silver Diamante Choker, £15, PrettyLittlething; Tarria Silver Sequin Chain Choker Mini Dress, £40, PrettyLittleThing; Womens Ladies Faux Suede High Heel Stiletto, £5.95, Shu Crazy, AmazonWhat you’ll need:An attitude of entitlementTop Tip: This requires swagger and the ability to sweet talk yourself into backstage.Plain Baseball Cap, £8, ASOS; Long Wavy Cosplay Wig, £9.99, Amazon; Vest with Square Neck, £8, ASOS, Grey Slim Leg Joggers, £9.99, New Look; Bethany Boot, £170, UggWhat you’ll need:Top Tip: Always have your phone in selfie mode and a liquid lipstick close to handLadies Classic Long Wig, £6.26, Amazon; Cropped Denim Top, £5.99, Zara; Denim Midi Skirt, £19.99, Zara; Blue Jeans Cowboy Hat, £7.52, Amazon; Wig Gigantic Super Volume Bright Blonde, £7.99, Amazon; Denim Loose Fit Cotton Summer Jacket, £15.99, Amazon; Blue Jeans, £38, Miss Selfridge; Amazon; Bethany Boot, £170, UggWhat you’ll need:Top Tip: The look of love.Like this? You might also be interested in...Your Definitive Guide To Secret Garden Party 2017Life Lessons Learned From Secret Garden PartyDid Corbyn Inspire Glastonbury 2017 To Be The Wokest Festival Ever?Follow Lucy and Jazmin on Instagram @lucyalicemorris @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I am admiring of anyone who can pack light enough to skip baggage claim and I’m even more impressed by anyone who can do this with an ounce of style. Bypass the bog-standard baggage options and pick up a piece of cabin-sized luggage that makes you look like an A-Lister wheeling through LAX.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Trainer trends are fickle. One minute, everyone is buying adidas Stan Smiths and the next Vans. Before you know it the trainers that were hot to trot last month suddenly seem more dated than adding a Valencia filter to your holiday snaps. For those of us without money trees raining cold hard cash a the snap of a branch and with an eye for getting more wear out of kicks, don’t dump your adidas creps just yet. Here is a guide to getting a little more life out of your S. Smiths…As we’re stanning for Stan’s right now, we’re not ashamed to say that they go with everything. Proof: a polka dot mini dress and these trainers are an unlikely match that works. Berlin - ach wie bist du wunderbar! Freu mich auf die @playtime und @premiumberlin 💕... wollt ihr mit? Oder lieber Küstencontent? Aber ihr habt ja schon längst mitbekommen, dass ich ne kleine heimliche Fashion-Mode-Tante bin. Aber wer nicht??? Bei Männern ist das auch einfacher! Jeans, Shirt, Lederjacke, Sneaker - ach ne, das zieh ich ja auch gern an! Aber dazu muss dann noch die passende Handtasche, Uhr, Schmuck.... Schal??? Also, wer ist noch so ein #TonInTonJunkie wie ich (manchmal) .... ____________________________  #mint #mintliebe #hmrock #adidasstansmith #adidas #holzkernwatches #playtimeberlin #premiumberlin #liebeskind #liebeskindmaike #liebeskindberlin #streetstyle #berlinstyle #küstenkind #fashionweek #ootd #lässiggehtdieweltzugrunde #messyhairidontcare #sneakerliebe #berlin #hm #malschickgemacht #berlin #ahoilüttundlangA post shared by  Annelie vonAhoi | Greifswald (@annelievonahoi) on Jul 4, 2017 at 1:34am PDTWhether your sneaks are white or pale green, try matching them to a tulle skirt. The soft, flowing layers will add a romantic touch to your comfy kicks.Show your stripes like singer SZA in oversized dungarees and delicate change necklaces. The hint of ankle instantly slims the voluminous silhouette. Restoring our sanity with a little baby love 👶🏽. Thank you @chloe_dulce for this little light of ours! Clearly auntie E & B can't get enough. 😍  #sundaysareforfamily cc: @chloe_dulce #mamushmyelA post shared by  Elaine Welteroth (@elainewelteroth) on Nov 13, 2016 at 7:03am PSTTake a luxuriously soft camel coat and add jeans, a cap and Stan Smiths and suddenly you have a dreamy high-low outfit that will see you through winter. B a c k 🔵 Merci pour tous vos commentaires sur la photo précédente j'ai hésité à les prendre cette robe et finalement je me suis laissé séduire.A post shared by  L Y N A لينة (@lynabz) on Jul 10, 2017 at 8:02am PDTKeep chill on a steamy summer day in a white sundress and slip-on trainers. There’s something enviably easy about this look by French blogger Lyna Benz. ...on the go 👣👣 #ootd #outfitoftheday #outfit #outfitpost #outfitinspiration #fashion #fashionlook #fashionpost #fashionista #fashiongram #fashionaddict #fashioninspo #sueaddicted #fashionblogger #blogger #blogger_de #bloggerstyle #fashionblogger_de #whatiwore #whatiworetoday #wiw #wiwt #ootd_hamburg #details #ootdwatch #stilkolik #adidas #stansmith #sneakersA post shared by @ sueaddicted on Jul 4, 2017 at 5:42am PDTReveal and conceal your limbs at your leisure with a sheer black skirt. The longer hemline will counter the dangerous heights of a miniskirt while adding a witchy feel to your standby Stan’s.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Dolce & Gabbana Are Secret Sporty Spice FansApparently, Instagram Has A Thing For Wearing Rhinestone Tops Flashback Friday: Geri Halliwell’s Union Jack Dress And How Very Far We’ve Come From A Cool BritanniaFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From Beyoncé and Amal Clooney to Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Amanda Seyfried, 2017 has been the year of the celebrity pregnancy, and it has had an interesting knock-on effect when it comes to fashion.According to global fashion search platform, Lyst, global searches for ‘diaper bag’ are up 74% compared to this time last year.It seems a growing number of new mums are taking their cue from the celebrities and investing in designer diaper bags.Lyst reported a 40% increase in designer diaper carriers styles across their 12,000 partner retailers, and the average diaper bag now sells for a whopping £405.While all the big names - including Burberry, Versace and Moschino - cater to this market, there is one brand that is leading the way. It is, of course, Gucci. Gucci's diaper bag was the most viewed bag on Lyst last week (w/c 3rd July).Hardly suprising considering the bag looks nothing like a traditional diaper bag. Complete with the GG printed pattern and a chic leather trim, the French Fashion house haven't forgotten about the sensible details- it comes with bottle pockets and a fold-out changing mat. Available in two sizes, you can choose beween a number of colourways and pattern options.Style points and practicality don't come cheap though, Gucci's diaper bags start at approximately £1290. At least with a bag this fashion forward, you would be able to use it long after the nappy changing days are finished...READ MORE: This Ganni T-Shirt Is Coming To An Instagram Feed Near YouREAD MORE: H&M Teams Up With Erdem For Latest Designer CollaborationREAD MORE: Christopher Kane Is Treating Us To Another Crocs Collection© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jennifer Lawrence attended a recent Dior show wearing a fringed black and white patterned cardigan over a white lace dress with boxing-style high-tops, dark shades and a hat fit for a gondolier. Either, Lawrence was unsure of the weather forecast, or she was embracing a more-is-more aesthetic. Whatever the inspiration, at least where this actress is concerned, minimalism is dead.Cos and it’s brand of affordable Scandi chic landed in the UK ten years ago. The following year Phoebe Philo ascended to Creative Director of Céline where she inspired legions of fans to don plain coloured clothes, free of fuss and pattern. The axis of taste moved. Like a sundial rotating, suddenly pure, architectural clothing in muted colours that glorified restraint fell into the spotlight. This trickled down into people’s taste in other arenas, like furniture and design. When John Galliano, the then Dior designer, disgraced himself in 2013, it was like an end of an era. When the now-rehabilitated designer was dismissed along with him went the last bastions of pre-recession excess. Wearing a label seemed gauche, a bag covered in a designer’s emblem seemed crass, and anything that signalled extreme wealth left a nasty taste in your mouth. But, nearly a decade on and with Gucci’s high-glam school of maximalism reeling in the sales it seems like the death knell of minimalism is ringing.At the epicentre of this new found big, bold dressing is Alessandro Michele, Gucci’s creative leader. He’s taken fashion by the arm and led it down a garden path of embellishment, colour and pattern. Last quarter, Gucci recorded an 11% jump in share values, with a record revenue growth of 51.4% in three months. The label’s popularity is being echoed everywhere from high street copycats to editor’s wardrobes, where those that once wore structured silk shifts in navy are now lining up for Michele’s lurex knits and pussy bow blouses in lilac and lemon. Naffness and tackiness now have a valued place in high fashion. Logo tops have regained a place in our closets and nostalgia for early 2000s labels has started peaking. Resale site Vestiaire Collective’s product director Sophie Hersan reports, ‘The re-sale value of Gucci has increased by 120% since 2014 confirming its popularity.’Though Michele may be a tastemaker of our time, his collections are an education in the past. He mines references from as disparate places as Italian palazzos and outfitters of the 80s hip hop scene. For autumn 17, his models held copies of Jane Austen novels while wearing jewelled shoes, seventies silhouettes and Renaissance prints. Gender was treated fluidly with male models just as likely to wear florals, embroidery and pearls as the females. While a Northern Soul suit was followed by a candy-coloured ball gown, there was a consistency to the collection, namely, it’s lack of. Prints and colours were rarely repeated, and silhouettes were debuted once, but yet the collection was tied together by a collective embrace of a mix and match economy. From the piled-on pearls to the eccentric prints, to the twenties silhouettes and reams of fur these eclectic items are just some of the signatures that Carrie Bradshaw became known for.It’s been well over a decade since Sex And The City was on the telly, but it still holds cultural capital. Between the meme sites dedicated to all things SATC and the New York tours of Carrie’s Big Apple, many fans still hold a candle for the series. And, never has this been mirrored more than in the catwalk and street style trends of today.The rise and rise of one Instagram account called @everyoutfitonSATC, which has 343K international followers, speaks to the power the cast’s costumes still hold. Scene by scene, the founders of the cult ‘gram account chronicle Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte and Miranda’s outfits with wry commentary and cutting hashtags. But, it is Carrie Bradshaw’s casually eclectic personal style that still holds real estate in today’s fashion market. Take, one look, which was worn by Carrie in season three that has since been spotted in a nearly unaltered state on Rihanna. Both Carrie and RiRi wear a loose, oversized white shirt, a taupe belt and nude shoes. The combination of sultry heels and menswear is not only a typically jarring combination for both stars, but is also part of the current milieu where anything goes.‘Part of what made Patricia Fields' styling of the Carrie Bradshaw character so genius was the mix of high and low.’ vintage dealer Gabriel Held explains, ‘I can't speak for others, but it has always inspired me to put a pair of baby phat earrings with a high-end designer look, Or things in that vein.’ He’s not alone in being moved by recognisable labels.This is echoed by OKGrl Editor and stylist Louby McLoughlin  who believes, ‘there's way more fantasy fashion appearing on a street level too, people are choosing to dress however they like. I think social media probably contributes to this, but people are having fun dressing up with their own style, they are choosing to reject gender roles through their clothing and beauty choices, wearing more unisex pieces and also creating their own characters and style codes rather than being dictated to about what to like.'It’s an individualistic approach to style. People will mix high-end pieces with second-hand or even home made stuff, and bits of high street. Anything is ok, its really exciting and fun’.Fashion by its very nature has a lifespan, so while SJP’s sense of maximalism may hold currency today, restraint and palette cleansing minimalism will be back before we know it. But, for now, let's embrace the more-is-more nature of 2017 and clash colours and layer up the gems.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Finally: A Bit Of Sex And The City That Totally Nails ItSarah Jessica Parker: 'People Don't Like My Outfit? There's Unthinkable Things Happening In The World. It Just Doesn't Matter'13 Things Sex And The City Couldn’t Get Away With TodayFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Close your eyes real tight, imagine Sugarbabes are top of the charts and the government is still trying to persuade everyone the Millennium Dome is a thing. Now, think what were your favourite stars of the day wearing? Rhinestone tops and wide, low-slung belts, probably. But, what about trousers? Known to some as clam diggers, pedal pushers were the trouser du jour of the mid-2000s. Infinitely unflattering on even the slimmest and most toned thighs, they were tailored to crop just below the knee. They commonly had cuffs, like they were in fact meant as trousers for someone vertically challenged yet they had somehow found their way into your wardrobe. The most offensive came in denim with extreme stone washing. But, their lycra sisters weren’t without blame either. Something worth remembering and never letting the offenders forget is that there was a brigade of A-Lister celebrities that put forth the pedal pusher motion. Here are some of the most dedicated pedal pushers…If you forget the pedal pushers, this outfit is still fine to an extent. While we wouldn’t necessarily wear the white polo neck, hoop earrings and layered necklaces together, separately each element has stood the test of time. But, lower your eyes a little further and the stilettos and white, rhinestone trousers come into view and suddenly it's a dose of nostalgia too far.From the time Hilary thought she could pull off the headwear of a countryside gent without anyone blinking. Not even a studded belt could save her, poor lamb.Oh, Lindsay, where do we start? There’s something swashbuckling about these Pirates of The Caribbean ‘pushers with their gold trim. Like a time capsule of the Noughties, she paired it with a Fendi belt big enough to get Gok’s approval and the lone white driving glove a la Karl Lagerfeld.In the days before Mel Ottenberg whipped RiRi’s wardrobe into shape, she wore denim cuffed pedal pushers and sequined waistcoats. And, then a hoard of school age girls copied her.When I think back on Sienna’s early 2000’s style, I see low-slung belts, hippie-ish headwear and a jangle of gold chains. So, in many ways, this is quintessentially Sienna, but then again it looks like her body has been engulfed by a Zumba instructor. The end result: crazy aunt-meets-art teacher after hours.Kiera has never looked as happy as when she attended a premiere in cuffed denim pedal pushers.Worn with a practical-looking belt, cut slim to the knee and tailored like jeans, Queen Bey what were you thinking?Between the lilac eyeshadow, those orange shoes and that problematic crop top, it’s hard to spot that Christina Aguilera’s peddle pushers are actually embroidered with tassels and sequins. Let that settle with you for a moment then ask, wft?!Liked this? You might also be interested in:Flashback Friday: Geri Halliwell’s Union Jack Dress And How Very Far We’ve Come From A Cool BritanniaRemembering China White’s Union Of Early 2000s Z-A List CelebritiesThere Was Once A Time When We All Looked Like Kim KardashianFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The first trailer for an upcoming documentary about shoe designer Manolo Blahnik has appeared online, with fashion commentators including Anna Wintour, Andre Leon Talley and David Bailey all sharing praise for the 74-year-old.Synonymous with whimsical yet elegant heels and Sex and the City's Carrie Bradshaw, the designer has been credited with revamping the silhetto heel back in the 1970s, before going on to become one of the most famous cobblers in the world, shoeing the likes of Michelle Obama, Beyonce and Kate Moss.Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards, documents his life, from being an outgoing child to finding his passion for footwear, and interviews key figures from the fashion world who have been instrumental to his success.'He's the king of shoes', model Naomi Campbell gushes, while Anna Wintour claims she wears shoes by no one else. Recent collaborator Rhianna also appears in the trailer, sharing a joke with the designer about how many husbands are grumpy with him about their wives caring more about their shoes than them.Watch the trailer below.Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards is due out in cinemas in Septemeber.READ MORE: The Best Fashion Documentaries You Can Watch On Netflix NowREAD MORE: Rihanna’s Manolo Blahnik Collaboration Crashes Website© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...President Donald Trump and wife Melania are in the French capital to celebrate Bastille Day with the French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte Macron.Yesterday the two couples spent the day sighteeing before dining at one of Paris' most iconic restaurants, Le Jules Verne, on the second floor of the Eiffel Tower.As an early celebration of the French National Day, both Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron wore French designers for the occasion.Trump pledged her alliances in patriotic red, white and blue by wearing a  custom Hervé Pierre frock, Vogue US reported. The dress was completed with a fabric adornment representing a bouquet of wheat, the symbol of Ceres, goddess of summer.Also plumping for a French designer for the big occasion, Macron was seen in a sixties inspired, monchrome mini from Louis Vuitton.READ MORE: Melania Trump's First Lady StyleREAD MORE: Melania Trump Makes Debut Solo Outing As First LadyREAD MORE: Handwriting Expert Makes Telling Discovery About Melania Trump’s Signature© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...'My shoes were Gucci loafers. I had a Lacoste pin on my red l jumper and I wore a crisp white shirt with a Burberry print collar everyday- to school. I have no idea how I afforded it!'It's not everybody that can say their first pair of school shoes were Gucci loafers but then Rhiannon Barry wasn't your normal teenager. Since bagging her first pair of Moschino print jeans aged 11, the Abbey Wood native’s obsession with buying and selling classic designer streetwear has blossomed from a hobby into a full time career. When Rhiannon’s brother, Andres, founded the Wavey Garms Facebook page in 2013, he had no grander intentions than establishing an alternative platform for people to buy and exchange clothes inspired by the late 90s and early noughties UK rave scene. Neither could have anticipated what happened next. The page now was a solid 80k followers, has fostered an army of 'Wavy Garms kids' and the duo have even released a photography book this year that’s an ode to the UK music scene that the Wavy Garms uniform is so integral to.Rihannon's huge Moschino and Versace-heavy archive, that's updated daily, is now partially on display at the sister and brother’s Peckham Rye, Wavy Garms store. The shop is now something of a Mecca for those seeking out rare off-key looks, or much feted streetwear; from brand new Supreme and Palace to vintage Lacoste and Dior, it's a treasure trove that's worth a trip down from Scotland for some.When we meet it’s in Rhiannon’s natural habitat- a sunny pub garden in New Cross. As always she’s implacably dressed. A mannish navy pinstripe blazer, a red slip dress and mules, her tattoos on show. We talk tooth gems before settling down for a natter. 'My auntie Jackie was my babysitter, and my cousins, Nicky and Marc, were 18 at the time. They were really into drum and bass and garage. Nicky’s girlfriend Khan, would always be dripping in Moschino and she gave me my first hand-me-down.' Rhiannon is tracing her long-standing passion for a rare piece of Moschino. 'They were wearing it all to rave in.  Wavy Garms is still about honouring the UK music scene of that late nineties and early thousands era. All the music we post on the Facebook page is garage, grime, jungle- that’s where the looks come from.' She remembers the first piece she bought for herself well: 'I bought a pair of Moschino jeans for my twelfth birthday and there’s a picture of me in a limo wearing them on the Wavey page,' she beams.Once of age (ish) it was through raving that Rihannon became known for her love for a full off-key Moschino look (rare, matching, printed, two-pieces, favoured by rave-goers in the late 90s). 'When I started going out in East London around 2009, to Dubstep raves' she cringes, 'people weren’t really wearing it. Indie was “in” but my Essex mates, who were into house, were always asking me where I’d got my pieces from so I started to sell bits on a Facebook page called “Allow The Bootsale” that was mostly flogging Misguided dresses.'It was this recognition for always championing the old-school UKG uniform that got Rhiannon seriously into collecting. 'MCs like D Double E, would come up to you and say “Oh my days I can’t believe you’re wearing Moschino!” in the middle of a dance floor.' Soon Rhiannon was 'addicted' to eBay and on her days off from working as a Visual Merchandiser, her time was spent scouring charity shops, carboots and the web.'Because no one was heavy into that stuff then, I was able to buy the rarest Moschino shirt for £2 off eBay.' Things suddenly became a little more formalised after a serendipitous meet with a guy called 'Seth who owned a shop on Redchurch Street called Zone 7' where he sold a small amount of off-key Moschino and let Rhiannon do the same. Then in 2012, before any of us, Rihannon started to use Instagram as a way of showcasing her archive and loaning it, under the handle Ninety Fly. It’s a side business Rihannon still keeps going, having loaned to the likes of MIA (a full Moschino Alphabet-print three-piece outfit FYI) and sold to Chase and Status’ Saul.Finally, in 2012, Andres established the Wavey Garms Facebook page. 'In a year it had 150k followers. It was all an accident really.' Andreas enlisted Rhiannon to manage the ladies page, that was getting a little flooded by high street body con numbers. 'I had to post rules about what could be sold and what happened was, we ended up setting a standard and cementing what we call the “Wavey Garms Kids’” look. You can spot the uniform a mile off now. It’s like a cult: Air Max 97s, Moschino printed jeans and a puffer jacket.'The Wavey Garms kids can now congregate at the Wavey Garms store on Rye Lane, spitting distance from where the look-a-like siblings grew up. 'We had no plans to open a shop. Andres was playing a jungle show at the Balamii radio space in Haldron’s arcade and casually expressed an interest in any shop spaces might come up. A week later he got a call- they wanted next to nothing for the rent…so I packed in my job at adidas and we opened the shop.'So how does it feel now to see all their hard work come to life? 'It’s a mad feeling. Seeing these clothes being embraced a third time round. I used to buy pieces for going out - now it’s for Instagram' Rhiannon explains. 'I see kids coming into the shop and they’re 17 dripping in Moschino and they’re so nervous they can’t even make eye contact. Some kids come into the arcade head to toe, Moschino, and they’ll walk past the shop. Beyond our shop there’s just vegan cafe. It’s like, “you really going to the vegan cafe mate?”'The siblings are clearly residing over something very special, even if their modesty prevents them from verbalising that. 'When we did a pop-up in Box Park, we threw a party for the launch, and kids actually came down from Scotland.' The shop has become a focal point of the high-street and has a constant flow of regulars, locals and first-timers. 'It’s community vibes at the arcade, you’ve got 16 year old graffers from Peckham, you’ve got Andreas’ mates, the local kids-everything goes.'The kids no doubt travel the distance to get in on the Wavey Garms community, and it’s a look and a lifestyle Rhiannon has lived and continues to shape. I ask her how it feels to have had her career and personal life collide in such a way. 'The shop means I now have an excuse to buy more! We went to Italy recently and we bought 500 pieces. I’ve moved home and two rooms at my mum’s are filled with clothes. I do get sick of clothes. I spend my life at the dry cleaners, the post office, at the ironing board and travelling back and forth from the shop.' She does however still find time to maintain her own personal collections: 'Versace sunglasses are my thing. I have about 22 pairs. Some are worth over £600.'Really though, Rhiannon’s personal style is markedly unpretentious. It’s largely, and proudly, made up of pieces from charity shops and the carboot. She tells me you wouldn’t catch her 'dead in a full off-key look anymore! I cringe when I think about it! I’m too old now.' She’s 26. There are some things however that have remained consistent. Her tattoo collection grows steadily with large contributions from her great friend Diana Baraka and she’s still got a soft spot for Gucci loafers. 'I’d still wear one off-key piece- I just mix it up now.'Rhiannon tells me she’s forever educating herself on the nuances of the scene, even if, by most, she’d be considered expert. 'I always knew which prints to look for because I recalled them from when I was a teenager and I still buy archive books and magazines.' What’s she collecting now? 'The whole Dior rasta collection.'The next chapter for Wavey Garms is opening what is no doubt a long-awaited online store and- another trip back to Italy. For now Andres and Rhiannon are pretty much single-handedly running the business. As more and more offers come through their door, the pair vow to keep Wavey Garms true to itself. I ask her if she ever dresses differently for different parts of her job, like- meetings with brands, 'absolutely not. We’re the most down to earth, unprofessional, what-you-see-is-what-you-get people' she tells me with a broad smile - tooth gem glinting in the sun.Shop Rhiannon's dress here and her trainers here, both from adidas. Plus, shop the full Campus range here.Like this? You might also be interested in:This Is What It's Like To Walk In An Influencer's ShoesDoes Bella Hadid Know How To Walk In Flats: An InvestigationMeet Girli: The Artist Who Uses Pink As A WeaponFollow Nellie on Twitter @nelliefaithedenThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following in the footsteps of Balmain, Isabel Marant and Kenzo, London Fashion Week favourite Erdem is the latest brand to join forces with H&M for a cross-over collaboration, set to arrive in stores on 2nd November 2017.While further details of the scope and scale of the collection are yet to be released, the high-street store revealed that Erdem will be playing with themes from some of his most celebrated collections to date, riffing on the embellishments, floral prints and intricate textures that have become synonymous with his name. As well as womenswear, the Erdem x H&M collaboration will feature a menswear element, a first for the designer.Since launching in 2005, the RCA graduate’s catwalk shows have become one of London Fashion Week’s hottest tickets. Erdem is the designer of choice for tastemakers such as Alexa Chung and Keira Knightley, and has become a go-to for both the Duchess of Cambridge and her younger sister Pippa.To bring the collection to life, H&M and Erdem worked with filmmaker Baz Luhrmann (of Moulin Rouge! and Romeo + Juliet fame) who brings his instantly recognisable aesthetic to a campaign film, teased in a short clip revealed today.‘I am so happy to collaborate with H&M, and to explore my work on a whole new scale including a menswear collection which I have never done before. It’s also such a thrill to work with Baz Luhrmann, one of the most important storytellers of our time,’ the designer said.‘For me, fashion is always about more than just clothing, it is a form of expression – a standalone art form,’ added Luhrmann. ‘I am excited to be collaborating with Erden and H&M to reveal the story of this unique collection.’READ MORE: Arket: What To Expect From H&M's New Lifestyle BrandREAD MORE: H&M Just Made Online Shopping Even More Addictive© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Colette, the much-loved Parisian store, will close its doors this December.The brand took to Instagram yesterday to share the news: 'As all good things must come to an end, after twenty wonderful years, Colette should be closing its doors on December 20th of this year.'Once described as 'the trendiest store in the world' by Forbes, since its opening in 1997, the Rue Saint-Honoré boutique has been a destination for fashion fans who flock to the shop for its cool and curated edit of fashion, streetwear, magazines, food and more. The original 'concept store', its ability to combine established brands with emerging designers, and the expensive with the affordable, has led to a cult following.Started by Colette Rousseaux, who still lives above the shop, the buisness is now run by her daughter Sarah Andelman.'Colette Rousseaux has reached the time when she would like to take her time, and Colette cannot exist without Colette,' the Instagram post explained.Famous for its forward thinking collaborations - most recently with Balenciaga - the store will be going out with a bang by forging partneships with Sacai, Chanel and Saint Laurent before it finally shuts its doors.And the building is likely to live on as a site of fashion pilgrimage with Saint Laurent predicted to takeover the prime retail space from January.'We would be proud to have a brand with such history, with whom we have frequently collaborated, taking over our address,' Colette wrote.READ MORE: Christopher Kane Is Treating Us To Another Crocs CollectionREAD MORE: This Ganni T-Shirt Is Coming To An Instagram Feed Near YouREAD MORE: Gucci Is Launching An Interiors Collection, And We Want Every Single Piece© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Scandi set rely on cult brand Ganni for their inimitable wardrobes. We're talking blush pink cable knit jumpers, covetable co-ords and swimwear that makes you want to book a holiday, asap.But there's no denying the fact that many turn to the Danish brand for their Instagram-friendly t-shirts. Let's be honest, who didn't want the pink pineapple tee? And let's not forget the now-famous 'Space Cowboy' number. We're still wearing ours...But if you didn't manage to bag one then you're in luck, as the Scandi go-to has just launched the next big thing. This morning, Ganni took to Instagram to inform followers that there's a new tee on the block, one which bears our favourite pastry. Yes, a croissant. Mon Amour, indeed.And the Insta-set are already plastering the pastry-inspired tee across our feed:If you fancy bagging the highly Instagrammable tee, make sure to check out Browns. But hurry, as we already have our eye on the brunch-friendly must-have...READ MORE: Ganni: The Scandi Brand The Fashion Set Are Obsessed WithREAD MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A Scandi© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This week, we're prepped to purchase our first major summer accessory. Yes, you read that correctly. All it takes is a little sunshine and we're sartorially prepping for our impending holiday...In other Zara news, we have our hearts set on a pair of sweet satin slides and are already eyeing up the 'It' dress of the season. It's official, Zara has well and truly ramped up its sartorial game, that's for sure...Shop Grazia's top three Zara picks of the week below:Remember the hot pink tailored two-piece we were obsessed with last season? Well, the must-have co-ord has returned to Zara's shelves. This time, in a maroon hue.Double-Breasted Blazer, £89.99, ZaraThink of it as the ultimate investment piece. We'll be teaming ours with a pussybow blouse in paisley print with sock boots. Bring on September (sorry, we can't help it)...This floral blouse is in fact part of a covetable co-ord. But if don't fancy doubling up prints, team the silky shirt with blue raw-hem jeans and backless loafers. Perfect for any upcoming festivals, holidays, hot days in the office... The list is quite frankly endless.Floral Blouse, £29.99, ZaraWe'll be wearing ours through to autumn. Any excuse for a new purchase, aye?You thought pyjama dressing was over? Think again. This season, we're still coveting colourful co-ords, slipper-style mules and of course, the robe dress. And we have our hearts set on this cross-over dress from Zara.Kimono Style Dress, £59.99, ZaraDon the look with wooden clogs and a basket bag this summer and accessorise with supersized earrings come evening...Shop more of this week's must-have drop below:Credit: ZaraThink luxe loungewear. We'll be pairing this silky dress with satin mules, supersized earrings and a berry lip.Printed Kimono-Style Dress, 59.99, ZaraBest Zara Items - Grazia2of10Think luxe loungewear. We'll be pairing this silky dress with satin mules, supersized earrings and a berry lip.Printed Kimono-Style Dress, 59.99, ZaraTrust us when we say that you will never regret purchasing a pair of tailored trousers. We can't wait to bag a pair of these. Cropped Scalloped Trousers, £39.99, ZaraSwap your leather biker for a trench on breezy summer evenings. We've already added this ruched-sleeve jacket to our basket. Trench Coats, £89.99, ZaraWe don't know about you but we've been on the hunt for sock boots since last winter. And now, these minimal booties have dropped in Zara and we cannot wait for payday to come around...Sock Boots, £49.99, ZaraRemember when we were obsessed with Zara's hot pink two-piece? Well, this number just dropped and it's the perfect transeasonal piece. We'll be wearing ours into autumn.Double-Breasted Blazer, £69.99, ZaraWho said summer workwear had to be boring? We'll be wearing this peach blouse with tailored pearl-emblazoned trousers and slip-on mules. Top With Bow Detail, £29.99, ZaraThe supersized sleeve is still making the headlines this season. We're coveting this metallic crop from Zara. Shimmery T-Shirt With Flared Sleeves, £17.99, ZaraLook no further for festival attire. We'll be teaming this cropped floral blouse with raw-hem jeans and Birkenstocks this summer. Printed Blouse, £29.99, ZaraRed is quickly overtaking pink as the 'It' hue of the season and we have our hearts set on this number. Mini Dress With Ruffled Sleeves, £29.99, ZaraMinimalism is out and maximalism is in. We can't wait to purchase this feather-trimmed t-shirt. We'll be wearing ours with peplum-hem trousers and loafers.T-Shirt With Feathered Sleeves, £17.99, ZaraREAD MORE: A Zara Documentary Is In The MakingREAD MORE: The Secret Zara Section You Probably Never Knew ExistedREAD MORE: 23 Things You’ll Only Know If You’re Addicted To Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Today, Christopher Kane announced he is collaborating with Crocs. Let that sink in.This isn’t the first time the Scottish designer has attempted to rehabilitate this option-splitting plastic clog. Back in 2016, he sent models out wearing marbled versions of the resin moulded shoes adorned with crystallised rocks. The fashion community was split, some claimed it was the perfect accompaniment to Kane’s left-field sense of style, while others were less convinced.From August, for £64.99 (100 quid less than Kane's) you can have a pair of classic Croc clogs that have Kane's seal of approval. They are available in four colours, each decorated with tiger print and embellished with an ostrich feather, the designer's branding and two metallic floral pins.‘They are brilliant for summer, as they are so comfortable and cooling. That they look great is an added bonus,’ said Christopher Kane, referring to the new collection. I’ve always been a fan of the iconic Crocs Clog. I like that they are perceived by some to be quite “ugly” and not at all feminine or designed to flatter. They are designed for function, and that’s what attracted me to them.’The ugly shoe trend shows no signs of abating. After Ugg tapped Alexa Chung to breathe new life into their marmite slip-ons, and Miuccia Prada designed glorified Tevas, it seems this is just another step in this direction.For Crocs this a real win, they get to piggyback off of Kane’s goodwill with the style set while repositioning themselves as fashion-forward.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The ultimate marmite shoe is back. Yep, we are of course talking about Crocs. Christopher Kane first gave the opinion-dividing plastic shoe a high fashion makeover when he sent crystal encrusted pairs down the catwalk for his SS17 show, and now he is at it again.This time the Scottish designer has collaborated with Crocs on an affordable collection. Clearly hellbent on making the notorious unfashionable shoe a thing, Kane has reworked his original designs to create four new styles.Inspired by his SS17 collection, the new version of the clog style shoe are tiger print and embellished with an ostrich feather, floral Jibbitz adornments and Christopher Kane’s signature 'K'.Available in four trend-led colourways - you can choose between honey, avocado, ochre and black.Setting you back £64.99, this style are over £100 cheaper than the originals from his SS17 collection.'They are brilliant for summer, as they are so comfortable and cooling. That they look great is an added bonus. I’ve always been a fan of the iconic Crocs Clog. I like that they are perceived by some to be quite ‘ugly’ and not at all feminine or designed to flatter. They are designed for function, and that’s what attracted me to them,' Kane commented.If Kane has managed to convince you of their style kudos you can pick them up at Office, Topshop, Selfridges and more.READ MORE: Can Christopher Kane Make Crocs Cool?READ MORE: The Most Beautiful Dresses From Paris Couture Fashion WeekREAD MORE: All Hail Celine Dion, Queen Of Paris Couture Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is no denying the fact that the nation is quite frankly obsessed with the Duchess of Cambridge's wardrobe. Dubbed the 'Kate Effect', all it takes is one Zara dress and within minutes it's absent from the shelves.And one trait that Kate Middleton fans appreciate most, is the way in which the duchess seeks sartorial inspiration from her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana.From her Alexander McQueen wedding dress to the now-iconic Lindo Wing exit, there are strong parallels between their wardrobes.And eagle-eyed journalists at Good Housekeeping have noted that the £50 lace-up plimsoles Kate Middleton is frequently spotted wearing were in fact first donned by Diana.According to the magazine, Kate wears the White 2750 Cotu Classics while Diana opted for the 2750 Cotu Classics in a navy hue back in the nineties.In true Kate effect, the media attention surrounding the trainers resulted in sales of the Superga trainers doubling. No surprise there.So if you're after a pair, make sure to head to the website (before they sell out)...READ MORE: Why We're Still Seeking To Imitate Princess Diana's Wardrobe This SeasonREAD MORE: Princess Diana's 10 Most Iconic Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It can feel like an immutable law of fashion physics that the hotter the temperature, the smaller the outfit. But back in May, we alerted you to the rise of modesty dressing on the catwalks, and now, even as the mercury rises, fashion-forward customers are turning their (covered-up) backs on get-it-all-out outfits for ones that involve more fabric and less flesh-flashing. That’s right – this summer, we’re covering up rather than stripping off.High-necked, long-sleeved, full-length dresses are having their moment in the sun, with roomier cuts replacing second-skin silhouettes and opaque fabrics favoured over sheer ones.GettyIt’s a celebration of the lost art of leaving something to the imagination and a deliberate de-Kardashianisation of our wardrobes.On the silver screen, Sofia Coppola’s latest film, The Beguiled, offers a masterclass in the new modesty. A gothic, tension-laden thriller set in a girls’ boarding school in the AmericanSouth during the Civil War, it’s stuffed with the kind of pieces we want to be wearing right now: dusky floral-strewn dresses, dreamy lace nightgowns, pie-crust blouses and full skirts that risk stealing the spotlight from Nicole Kidman and Kirsten Dunst. It might be set in 1864, but the balance of the sweet aesthetic with the suggestion of something sinister and sexy simmering under the surface is thoroughly modern and utterly seductive.Away from the glitz and glamour of Hollywood, it resonates in the real world, too. ‘We’re seeing many global customers investing in longer hemlines, looser silhouettes and more relaxed, oversized styles,’ says Matches’ buying director Natalie Kingham. ‘Our new-season buy reflects this movement, embracing feminine, luxurious pieces that are more covered up.’GettyBut how do you translate these dreamy dresses for the daily grind, and make them feel fresh rather than frumpy? It’s all about adding a slightly ‘off’ or unexpected element. Take The Beguiled’s own Elle Fanning, who subtly countered the prettiness of her milkmaid-style Alexander McQueen frock with fierce black heels at Cannes. Ditto co-star Kirsten Dunst, who opted for a white, eyelet-strewn Loewe midi – its austere silhouette tempered by suggestive flashes of skin. Or look to Doutzen Kroes, who opted for a modest pink Miu Miu frock for the label’s Resort show in a scorching Paris and exemplified no-sweat elegance at its best.A more buttoned-up approach to getting dressed runs the risk of sounding a little dull, but it’s oddly liberating. As Shrimps’ Hannah Weiland – another fan of an oversized dress – puts it, ‘Feeling comfortable is really important.If the fabric is soft against my skin, and the shape means you can eat and drink whatever you like, then I’m happy.’ In other words, if you’ve got it, you don’t need to flaunt it – how modern is that?Shop our edit of modest summer dresses below:Embellished dress, £185 from Needle&Thread.Grazia - Modest Dress List2of7Embellished dress, £185 from Needle&Thread.White dress, £620 from Thierry Colson.Multi-print dress, £625 from The Vampire's WifeLong floral dress, £59 from TopshopFlowy dress, £61 from House of FraserMaxi dress, £45 from Dorothy PerkinsMaxi dress, £1095 from BurberryREAD MOREOur Shopping Editor's Lust List: 18 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, ProntoZara's Sister Label Is All We Want To Shop Right Now9 Of The Best Beauty Deals From Amazon Prime Day© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's official. Love Island fever has swept the nation. Two million of us are watching it, broadsheets are covering it, and Twitter is buzzing about it. Even Liam Gallagher admits he’s a fan of the ITV2 reality show. But perhaps the biggest surprise is that the fashion crowd are getting caught up in the action too. Sure, the metallic bikinis and micro-minis might be better left to sunnier shores and those of a more exhibitionist persuasion (we’re looking at you, Amber), but we’re certainly wearing our hearts on our sleeves... and dresses, shoes and shades.That’s right, fashion is in the throes of a summer romance, falling head overheels for heart prints and motifs. Making a compelling alternative to the more predictable florals and polka dots, they’re accenting everything from lazy-day sweatshirts to date-night dresses. If you’re worried it sounds a bit too Clinton Cards-in-February then fear not, even fashion boundary-pushers like Tilda Swinton are embracing their romantic side this season.Sartorially speaking, the refined environs of the Paris haute couture showsmight be a world away from Love Island’s Mallorcan villa, but the lovey-dovey symbol had its moment at Schiaparelli, where tulle confections were emblazoned with the motif of the moment. Dressed in the label, Olivia Palermo made one of the week’s loveliest FROW statements in a white minidress emblazoned with (do we really need to say it?) a giant heart.Suppose you’re shy of commitment and only fancy flirting with the trend. Then heart-motif accessories, from clutches to shoes, are your answer. Lolita-esque heart-shaped sunnies and Alessandra Rich’s crystal-embellished belt (spotted on Nicole Kidman and Moda Operandi founder Lauren Santo Domingo) add a kitschy cool to pretty looks that are, well, heart-fluttering.Shop this season's most romantic piecesChinti and Parker Jumper, £294.99love heart romantic fashion - Grazia2of7Chinti and Parker Jumper, £294.99Dune Heels, £90Comme de Garçons T-Shirt, £75Saint Laurent Sweater, £680Topshop Socks, £3.50Soludos Espadrilles, £80Saint Laurent Sunglasses, £275READ MORE: Our Shopping Editor's Lust List: 18 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, ProntoREAD MORE: Zara's Sister Label Uterqüe Is All We Want To Shop Right Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A scroll through an influencer’s social feed and you’d assume their life is all avocado toasts and luxurious getaways. But, beneath the filters, there is a different story to be told. To rack up those 100K followers takes a lot more than their effortless feed’s let on. As Jayde Pierce, Lissy Roddy, CC Clarke and Shirley's Wardrobe collaboration with Public Desire drops today, we thought we’d see what does it really takes to walk in an influence’s shoes. And, let me tell you, it’s no walk in the park. These girls are ON at all times, stomping from meeting-to-meeting in skyscraper shoes that normal beings like team Debrief barely managed a few hours in…Describe your shoes…Sizzlin’ Seventies, swoon-worthy. I’m really into them.How do they feel on…They make me feel FAN-TASTIC, darling. I am firing emails and ticking things off my to-do list quicker than my sprint home when I realise it’s 8:48pm and Love Islands on the telly. I have more #purpose than Justin Bieber’s world tour and feel like a proper bizzniss laydee. I am accomplishing so many things in these shoes, I’m actually scared of what I could achieve next. A cure for world hunger? A potion that will make any guy fall in love with me? 10/10 contentment with life? Anything is possible.How are they to walk in…I have to walk reaaaally slowly, otherwise, I have a ‘Bambi on ice’ sitch happening.Can you climb stairs? Again. SLOWLY. Not ideal for running for a tube, so if you’re gonna be a lady of height - snoozing your alarm is out of the question.Can you balance on one leg? Yes, but I did do hot yoga this morning, so I am feeling super limber.Text a picture of your shoes to your best friend, what was their first reaction? I texted my sister, she’s more of a Nike Airmax kinda girl.How did they fair throughout the day? They’re comfier than they look, which is saying A LOT coming from me. I haven’t worn heels since my University summer ball as I am a baby when it comes to high shoes. Though, as 3 pm approached, I began wishing I had brought my flats with me…How many blisters do you have? Zero.What did it feel like to walk in the shoes of an influencer for a day? It felt good, and my work colleagues were really into them. I was suddenly 6ft tall and my work pal Emma said ‘this is the height you were born to be’ which is nice, isn’t it! I can also have a great rummage through the stationary cupboard, which was harder at my usual 5ft 6.As reported by @a1meejakesHow do they feel on…Comfortable. They made me feel quite powerful, and I like the lace up detailing up the sideHow are they to walk in…They do have a lot of height on them, so it was a bit precarious. I wouldn’t recommend them for daily wear or the tube commute unless you’re a pro.Can you climb stairs? At a snail’s pace, but I can reach things which are high upCan you balance on one leg? For two seconds, very unsteadily.Text a picture of your shoes to your best friend, what was their first reaction? How did they fair throughout the day? The ankles did start to ache a bit on hour three, not gonna lie.How many blisters do you have? I had two blisters already and it didn’t hurt them or give me any more (yay).What did it feel like to walk in the shoes of an influencer for a day? Sassy as hell.As reported by @georgina_robertsDescribe your shoes…They are high heeled pointed mules with lace-up ribbony bits. The heels remind me of sturdy furniture legs.How do they feel on…They don’t feel too uncomfortable (it helps that I sit down for most of the day) but I feel like the balls of my feet are hurting a bit. If I knew how to keep them up, I feel like the ribbon would look very cool with a certain kind of outfit.How are they to walk in…I am THE worst at walking in heels – I think the mule style makes it harder as they don’t feel very secure on my feet.Can you climb stairs? It’s bit of a challenge but the chunky heel makes it a bit easier. However, going down stairs was a different story, they felt like they were going to slide right off!Can you balance on one leg? Yes!Text a picture of your shoes to your best friend, what was their first reaction?How did they fair throughout the day? TBH, not too badly, I feel like I couldn’t wear these on my commute but as an office shoes they could work, if you are used to wearing heels all day.How many blisters do you have? No blisters but my feet feel a bit sore.What did it feel like to walk in the shoes of an influencer for a day? I feel like people noticed me more, as I normally wear flats, but that could also have been because I look like Bambi trying to walk in them!As reported by @katielysjkoDescribe your shoes…Pretty, pastel and pearl(y). These shoes are pretty easy on the eyes, but that heel gave me nightmares.How do they feel on…They feel good…when sitting down. Let’s get one thing straight, I’m not an heel-wearing influencer, so the thought of standing up scared me.How are they to walk in…Liiiike I was about to tumble down and break my ankle, for the first five of so minutes. Then I actually got the hang of things and felt like the red dancing girl emoji sassing my way along.Can you climb stairs? Lol…no. Sorry, I didn’t dare.Can you balance on one leg? For about three seconds.Text a picture of your shoes to your best friend, what was their first reaction?Riiiiight.How did they fair throughout the day? I’m going to be completely honest with you, I cheated. I cheated big time. I put them on for roughly 37 minutes and sat down for most of those 37 minutes. Look, I’m sorry. I’m a spoilsport, but me + heels do not bode well. I like comfort and live in trainers.How many blisters do you have? Actually none, these were comfortable even though I couldn’t walk.What did it feel like to walk in the shoes of an influencer for a day*? *For 37 minutes. For that time period I felt pretty great, like I’d transported myself back to my years at sixth form where I’d go out on a Thursday night in jeans, big heels and a going out top. I strutted, I tumbled, I felt 18 again. I’d also like to give a special shout out for all the amazing influencers who can actually wear these for a whole day. Gold medals for you all.As reported by @alyssbowenThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since Finery launched it’s gone from strength-to-strength and has become indispensable to women with an eye for fashion and a budget for high street. Though the brand has a slow fashion ethos and wants to feed a fickle crowd that buy to wear, and wear again, it’s pretty hard to skim through their site without putting a wardrobe full of pieces into your basket. If we had all the money in the world, this is what we’d be purchasing...Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Following the departure of Bouchra Jarrar just last week, Lanvin has appointed a new creative director, Olivier Lapidus.Jarrar had been in the role for only sixteen months and suceeded Albez Elbaz who left the brand after 14 years in October 2015.Lapidus previously held design roles at Balmain Homme and his father's brand, Maison Lapidus.Starting his new role yesterday, he will show his first collection for Lanvin, SS18, at Paris Fashion Week in September.'I welcome Olivier Lapidus as Lanvin artistic director whose creative capacity is in direct line with the elegance embodied by Jeanne Lanvin,' said Madame Shaw-Lan Wang, president of Lanvin.'His broad understanding of the universe of this house, of the world of fashion and design and his resolutely modern approach will bring Lanvin towards new horizons.'A new Creative Director is not the only change for the French fashion house, The Business of Fashion reported they will be leaving their Boissy d’Anglas headquarters, where founder Jeanne Lanvin started her atelier in 1889.Furthermore, following slumping sales, The Business of Fashion reported that the brand is changing direction amid plans to revamp the brand as 'a French Michael Kors.'Watch this space...READ MORE: The Biggest Talking Points From Paris Couture (So Far)READ MORE: The Most Beautiful Dresses From Paris Couture Fashion WeekREAD MORE: Zara's Sister Label Is All We Want To Shop Right Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ealier this year, it was announced that Clare Waight Keller was exiting Chloé after a five-year stint at the French fashion house. But it was her next career move that really surprised the industry, as she took on the role as the first ever female creative director of Givenchy.And yesterday, the label unveiled its debut campaign under the creative direction of Keller. Photographed by Steven Meisel, the monochrome shoot features up-and-coming names including Saffron Vadher, Elias Bouremah and Megan Roche.Titled, 'Transformation Seduction', the campaign suggests Keller has sought inspiration from predecessor Riccardo Tisci's vampy aesthetic (one which proved popular with the Kardashian family) but has also turned to the fashion house's roots.The four portraits were for instance accompanied with a quote by Hubert de Givenchy: "She has an extraordinary flair for looking dressed with practically nothing. She knows how to look in a mirror, pose, and make whatever she is wearing chic. And since simplicity is the only thing she likes, she is always faultlessly elegant."And the models wear nothing but lace in the debut campaign and hold nothing but cats bearing Givenchy collars.In an official statement, Keller explained: "I love the idea of a woman with a feline air. A person might seem slightly reserved, but that have that serene, straightforward gaze, They're seductive… I wanted to play with that modern attitude and expression because I feel like it's an apt metaphor for Givenchy's current evolution."The designer will showcase her debut spring/summer '18 collection on October 1st.READ MORE: The Most Beautiful Dresses From Couture WeekREAD MORE: Lanvin Confirms Olivier Lapidus As Their New Creative Director© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re familiar with Dolce & Gabbana, then you’ll know the Italian label likes to mine the heritage of their homeland for inspiration. Whether it’s Sicilian lemons, the opening verse of Lampedusa’s novel ’The Leopard’ or the architecture of a Florentine fountain, Domenico and his partner Stefano are well versed in Italy’s rich and varied offerings. So, it’s a little surprising that a key component of their latest Alta Moda collection is much more in keeping with Sporty Spice’s wardrobe than that, of say, a Principessa.Between the sweeping ball gowns that look like they fell out of the 17th Century and the swaying headdresses fit for Rio Carnival, came a single look fit for the ‘90s. It was an oversized Arsenal-red soccer shirt teamed with a voluminous sage green maxi skirt and enough jewellery to weigh down the Titanic. Since Bella Hadid stepped out in a Juventus F.C. football jersey, some influencers have been reconsidering team shirts as a gateway to athleisure fashion.The Spice Girls, and in particular Mel C, née Melanie Chisholm, were ‘90s fashion ringleaders. When Melanie reached peak SS fame, it was done wearing tracksuits and trainers, unlike Posh Spice who did it a little Gucci dress. So it is with little wonder that Dolce & Gabbana have circled back to Mel’s iconic sports luxe look just as the runways, again, become inflected with traditionally athletic items.Image in copy courtesy of Dolce and GabbbanaLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Say your last goodbyes to high street favourites Topshop and Mango, as this is the only brand we intend on investing in this season. That's right, Zara's little (dare we say it, cooler) sister has caught our eye.Uterqüe (pronounced, 'oo-ter-kway') delivers could-be-designer pieces for smile-inducingly affordable prices and we're already having to majorly edit our online basket load down to a more manageable figure.We're talking Pinterest-worthy mules by the dozen, t-shirts destined to become the next 'It' garms and leather biker jackets we never considered a staple until exactly five minutes ago.The need-to-know brand is set to invade an Instagram feed near you so make sure to bookmark your favourite pieces before they sell out...People, say hello to your next purchase:We're all over Matisee-inspired prints right now and this arthouse-effect t-shirt is the only thing we need in our wardrobes.Face Print T-Shirt, £55, UterqüeWe'll be tucking ours into buckled pink trousers and accessorising the look with a pair of trusty red mules. Bring on payday.We couldn't dream up a more picture-perfect leather jacket if we tried.In bubblegum pink, this ruffled number is making us wish for cooler days (sorry, but it's true!)Pink Ruffled Leather Jacket, £275, [UterqüeIf you're feeling daring and super millennial, team with co-ordinating pink tailored trousers. Otherwise, pair with an A-line skirt and ankle booties in clashing raspberry red. It's a sartorial recipe for success.Have you ever seen such Cinderella-inpired mules on the high street? Us, neither.We'll be wearing ours with slit-hem trousers and a pearl-emblazoned white shirt this season.Bejewelled Slides, £115, UterqüeBUT before we do anything, we need to find the perfect lighting and curate a mini Instagram shoot of course...Yes, they match the previously mentioned tee we have our hearts set on. These weighty numbers are sure to liven up casual Sunday attire.Simply team with a white t-shirt and jean combo for luxe-minimalism in a matter of seconds.Silhouette Earrings, £45, UterqüeBut we anticipate a sell out, so make sure to bag them asap. FYI, they're already in our basket...Shop more of Grazia's favourites in the gallery below:Credit: UterqüeLook no further for the ultimate shopper. We challenge you to find a chicer way to carry your essentials... Mini Leather Tote Bag, £175, UterqüeUterqüe - Grazia2of10Look no further for the ultimate shopper. We challenge you to find a chicer way to carry your essentials... Mini Leather Tote Bag, £175, UterqüeRemember those Mango arthouse-inspired earrings everyone was after? Well, if you missed out the first time then make sure to bag these before they sell out. They'll look great teamed with a simple white tee or a polka dot shirt with supersized sleeves. Silhouette Earrings, £45, UterqüeWe're still obsessing over the whole 'pretend you got ready in five minutes' pyjama aesthetic. And we plan to team this red kimono-inspired blazer with the co-ordinating trousers. Just throw on some bejewelled mules and you're good to go.Polka Dot Pyjama-Style Blazer, £145, UterqüeWe're still all over everything marble this season so this bag is no exception. Guaranteed to take you from the office to after work drinks in one sartorial move... Marble Clutch, £115, UterqüePink continues to reign as the 'It' colour of the season. And what better way to celebrate than by purchasing this must-have tee? Simply tuck into raw-hem jeans and finish the look with backless loafers. Face Print T Shirt, £55, UterqüeHave you ever seen such a beautiful pair of slides? Forget athleisure, this season it's all about the luxe.Bejewelled Slides, £115, UterqüeMetallics are back this season and this is the number one biker on our wish list right now. Simply throw over flared jeans on cool, summer evenings.Two-Tone Metallic Leather Jacket, £245, UterqüeWe don't care how many white t-shirts we own. We need this one, too. We'll be teaming ours with bubblegum pink trousers and trainers. Face Print T Shirt, £55, UterqüeChannel Gigi this season and invest in this candyfloss pink leather jacket. We're tempted to go the whole hog and bag the matching skirt too. Because, why not?Pink Ruffled Leather Jacket, £275, UterqüeWe cannot wait to wear this baby pink skirt this season. We'll be wearing ours with red ankle boots and an equally ruffled top...Pink Leather Skirt With Ruffled Trims, £175, UterqüeREAD MORE: A Zara Documentary Is In The MakingREAD MORE: It's Official: River Island Is Back On Our Radar This SeasonREAD MORE: 21 Items That Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The struggles of the shorter lady when it comes to fashion are varied and complex. Whether it's buying ankle-grazers that are, well, floor-grazers, attempting to find a maxi that fits or wondering whether or not we can rock a wide-leg or a statement sleeve, it's hard being on the petite side sometimes.Now one of our favourite cool girl brands Reformation - worn by the likes of Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski and Margot Robbie - is launching a permanent petite collection dubbed, rather aptly, 'Don't Call Me Cute'.'It's called The Don't Call Me Cute Collection because, well, you're not cute,' explain Ref's team on their website. 'Children and koala bears are cute. You're hot.'Following the success of capsule collection in 2015 the LA-based store decided to go one further and make sure that their dangerously-short mini dresses and elegant maxis will fit our smaller proportions perfectly.Previous collections featured signature Reformation designs, including their wedding guest-perfect Gisele dress, with ruffled skirt and thigh-high split, and their bodycon Antonia bardot dress, in smaller sizes, so we're hoping for more of the same this time round.With a kid's mini-section for your mini-mes, too, there's really no excuse now to miss out on Ref's incredibly flattering and cool designs: whether you're small because of your age or because you were made that way...We'll race you to the checkout tomorrow when it launches.READ MORE: Meet Your Newest Statement Tee ObsessionREAD MORE: Zara's Sister Label Is All We Want To Shop Right Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is nothing more romantic than a beautiful beach and with the weather here in the UK being famously unreliable, more and more brides are choosing to hold their nuptials at the seaside.Whether you've chosen the white sands of the Carribean, palm-fringed beaches of Thailand or the bright blue waters of Ibiza, once you've found your perfect beach destination, the next big task is finding that perfect dress.While of course there are no real rules when it comes to buying your wedding dress, there are some extra considerations to make if your planning a beach 'do. Check out our tips below and scroll to the bottom to see our shopping picks in the gallery.£540, Halston HeritageChances are if you’ve chosen a beach wedding, it’s partly due to the guaranteed hot weather so this isn’t the time for heavy fabrics, layers of lace, or all-over embellishment. Instead, look for light and floaty materials (cotton or silk will keep you cool) to avoid ending up looking like a sweaty mess.£425, Needle and ThreadMost beachside nuptials are normally a more casual affair than a traditional church ‘do so this is your chance to try something a little different to the standard princess style dress. You needn’t restrict your search strictly to bridal brands or wedding shops, you can find some great big day-appropriate dresses within normal ready-to-wear collections - the bonus being they are normally half the price.£1830, Grace Loves LaceBoho styles have soared in popularity in recent years but lend themselves particularly well to destination weddings. Flowing fabrics and floaty sleeves fit perfectly with a laid-back beach vibe.£599, WhistlesThe high street is a hotbed of affordable wedding wear thanks to bridal ranges from some of our go-to stores - we love the Whistles, Topshop and ASOS collections in particular.£260, Self PortraitWhile custom may suggest that wedding = long gown, a floor-length number is not ideal when it comes to saying 'I do' on the beach. Nope, a trailing dress and a sandy beach is not a good combo. Instead why not throw caution to the wind and try a short dress instead?£1550, Roland Mouret Or how about doing a Solange with a chic white playsuit? An elegant option for a modern bride, and perfect for dancing the night away.Nova Dress, price on request from Charlie BrearBeach Bride Dresses 2of20Nova Dress, price on request from Charlie BrearDeconstructed Lace Dress, £650 from Needle & ThreadAlexandra silk-satin gown, £910 from Micheal La SordoDeep Plunge Strap Back Fishtail Maxi , £95 from ASOSEmbroidered Tulle-Trimmed Gown, £1695 from Temperley LondonFluted-sleeve pleated cotton maxi dress, £1375 from TalithaCotton maxi dress, £350 from Three Graces LondonOff-the-shoulder dress, £745 from Jonathon SmikhaiBoucle gown, £3020 from The RowCutout lace-paneled dress, £1535 from Alexander WangSilk dress, price on request from Halfpenny LondonEmbellished dress, £229 from MonsoonSonia dress, price on request from Nurit HenCharlie dress, price on request from Nurit HenLaser-cut dress, £300 from Self PortraitBoho dress, £2690 from Grace Loves LaceSpaghetti strap dress, £990 from Grace Loves LacePrinted tiered dress, £208 from ReformationFloaty maxi dress, £208 from ReformationKatherine dress, £395 from Phase EightREAD MORE: Pippa Middleton's Wedding In PicturesREAD MORE: The Best High Street Wedding DressesREAD MORE: 12 Stylish Wedding Guest Dresses You'll Actually Want To Wear Again© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First there was Maria Chiuri Grazia's 'We Should All Be Feminists' tee for Dior. Then that Gucci t-shirt, worn by seemingly everyone on Instagram. Even Chanel has got a statement tee - a '90s-tastic design that says 'Viva Coco Libre'.And now we've found your next statement tee obsession - on Instagram, of course.Egyptian student-turned-designer Dana Frid's creations play on our current obsession with all things branding: several tees just say 'Chanel' or 'Versace' but others feature witty wordplay inspired by song lyrics and the zeitgeist - think Instagram-honed language and meme culture mixed with the biggest designer fashion houses.'I listen to a lot of R & B and rap songs,' Frid explained to US Vogue. 'Their lyrics always mention luxury brand names and that’s what initially inspired the slogans.'Indeed, one of the designs features a line from Frank Ocean's song Chanel: 'I see both sides like Chanel' - a play on the iconic double C logo.Another says 'Keep the snakes away unless they Gucci', a reference to being 'snakey' (a term you'll know well if you followed the Kim Kardashian/Kanye West/Taylor Swift drama last summer or have an addiction to Love Island) which basically means being sneaky or deceptive.Currently only available to order via email (deets on Dana's Instagram account) we're pretty positive we'll be seeing influencers wearing these soon - get yours now before you see them everywhere.READ MORE: Logo Tees: From Street Stalls To Designer BrandsREAD MORE: Victoria Beckham Just Wore The Funniest Slogan Tee© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sundays are for wallowing in your hangover and gossiping over brunch, not for stressing over what to wear. Take the hassle out of the weekend and give a co-ord a whirl. Before you say, ‘urgh that’s so 2000-and-late’, think again as ready-made-outfits have had a rebrand. Rather than being cutesy-pie separates, they’ve morphed into Skepta-approved tracksuits and suits to be taken seriously in. Think of it as more bang for your buck than a dress and less bother than picking a whole outfit.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First impressions matter, especially when it comes to meeting the in-laws. Not wanting to look frumpy, nor too provocative is the imperative. Making sure you’re winning character shows through while your bra does not, are just some of the sartorial hurdles we all have to jump through.I unashamedly love a challenge, so I have decided to try and find a suitable outfit that will impress even the scariest of parents... from Nasty Gal. Yes, I’m feeling okay, no I don’t have a fever. So here is a rough guide on how to look like a pleasant, I-promise-I-won’t-break-your-son’s-heart kinda gal, while sporting the offerings of Nasty Gal’s new in section. Trust me, you will be pleasantly surprised.Chelsea Morning Floral Maxi Dress, £30, Nasty Gal; Sarah Double Buckle Belt, £12, Nasty Gal; Nike Air Force 1 07, £72, NikeYou can’t go wrong with a long dress, unless it’s a wedding dress and your mother-in-law-to-be spits out her fennel tea and devises a plan to change the front door locks immediately. The white trainers suggest you can a) navigate through life without being a clumsy idiot b) are outdoorsy c) can muck in at a moment's notice. Tick, tick, tick. Aren’t you an overachiever. Everything she wants in a potential daughter-in-law nailed. Shall we go get our fancy-schmancy hats now, or...?In-Law Rating: 9/10Vienna Crochet Dress, £50, Nasty GalOoooh if you’re invited to a lavish do, or his dear Nanna will be there - this piece of finery must immediately go in your basket. I normally stay well away from anything that is both bodycon and past my knees, but this dress was surprisingly flattering. I also think I read an article that if you wear something red, you end up in everyone’s dreams, but maybe I dreamt it.In-Law Rating: 8/10Sleeve 'Em in Tiers Gingham Top, £15, Nasty Gal; Take It Up With Me Vegan Leather Skirt, £25, Nasty GalOooh-err, look at me with my legs out! I think Andy in Marketing would snake me to HR if I rocked up to a meeting like this, but that’s more because I could poke someone’s eye out with my overly zealous fluted sleeve,  So, maybe not the best outfit to meet the boyfriend’s parents, though if they are super liberal and eat their dinner whilst watching The Peep Show repeats, then it could definitely work.In-Law Rating: 5/10Rain Check Trench Coat, £40, Nasty Gal; Nicole Tailored Jumpsuit, £30, Nasty GalLike hello, I’m a business lady!! I am supposed to be on call right now with Germany and Australia about some VERY important matters that you wouldn’t even understand. Walk up an escalator? Babes, I sprint up them while checking my emails, Facebook stalking and firing my intern because my coffee was made with soya milk! But if you want to look like a bawwwse, then I 100% recommend this jumpsuit/trench coat combo.In-Law Rating: 7/10Chunky Diamante Wide Set Choker, £6, Nasty Gal; Rain Check Trench Coat, £40, Nasty Gal; I’ll Take Flare of You Vegan Leather Pants, £28, Nasty GalWho knew you could wear leather trousers and look as conservative as Theresa May’s misguided battle to bring back fox hunting? This may be an obvious choice, but I’m all for it. Also, this blue striped top is one of the best I’ve ever touched (seriously, I wish I could allow you to touch it through the screen.) and you could easily wear this ensemble while you're buying milk or sending emails. No fuss. Mrs Bae will love it.In-Law Rating: 7/10Go All Out Ruffle Pants, £20, Nasty GalThese trousers are hella funky and I have seen at least seven influencers wearing these sort of trousers, which by default means they’re in #fashion. I'm surprised these actually look okay because I tend to avoid fussy trousers because I can never resist a bread basket. Did I mention I’m reallly annoying? I like this outfit, but I feel like overall it’s a little ‘meh’. Like, you wanna make a statement don’t ya?In-Law Rating: 4/10Like this? You might also be interested in:Hey Brides, We Tried On Dresses That Will Make Bridesmaids Look CuteWe Tried On Asos' Best Summer Tops For Big Boobs So You Don't Have ToWe Tried On Slinky, Silky Pieces You Can Wear Day Or Night**Follow Aimee on Instagram @a1meejakes[](https://www.instagram.com/pieandfash/?hl=en)**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Masculinity is at a turning point. And, watching from the sidelines as alpha machoism explodes in flames is Girli, the artist who’s motivated by a deep desire to shock, awe and shutdown sexism. At her punkish gigs, she throws tampons like confetti and drowns out the idea that pink, fluffy, sparkly bastions of femininity are in anyway aligned with weakness. She’s brazen, she’s rude and she’s obsessed with the colour pink.Sat in her trailer backstage at Mighty Hoopla festival one hot summers day, Girli explains how her idiosyncratic style came about and why her fanatical passion for Barbie’s favourite colour has become core to her career…There’s a lyric from my song Girls Get Angry Too, where I say: ‘hyper-masculinity drowning the vicinity weakness is just another word for femininity’.I don’t like to use the word ‘tomboy’, but when I was first in a band, I loved wearing men’s clothing. I wore loads of baggy t-shirts and jeans, I had short hair, and I wore baseball caps. And then it just switched when I discovered new types of music. I was really into indie, then I started listening to more female-made music, and my style developed based on what I was listening to. And one day it just assembled.Initially, it came from a love of Japanese culture, like Kawaii and Harajuku, and of 90s millennial style. But I also like subverting it the concept that people see it as a weak colour as that’s bullshit.I was really into millennium fashion and the Spice Girls, Britney, Shampoo and ‘90s Pop, which had adopted a child-like style. It started when I would tie my hair up in little girls’ bobbles and stuff and then I started being into punk, and pink started to represent something different for me – instead of something childlike it started to represent something strong. I like subverting it and that when people see I wear all pink they underestimate me because they think it’s childish. It’s the same thing as what people think when they hear the word ‘Girli’. They think it means weak and sissy and I’m a pussy, but it doesn’t. To me, it means strong.I don’t know. Who’s to say. People ask me that a lot as in I should be embarrassed about it if I ever stop wearing pink. And I’m just like, ‘fuck off, I’ll wear what I’ll wear, when I want to wear it.’ I’m really into it right now, but in three years maybe I’ll be into blue.I work with a really cool stylist called Jamie Jarvis, she’s a legend. Basically, I have ideas about what I want to wear or the outfits to look like. Say there’s a 12-date tour, we’ll have like six different outfits and I’ll wear some of them twice. We go shopping to places like Punkyfish and vintage stores or we’ll collaborate with a designer. For instance, I had boiler suits tie-dyed for this tour. I also had a matching double-denim millennial pink look with diamanté that said Girli on the back. And, I worked with Jamie Hutwood who sews together polo shirts and petticoats to make dresses. The idea is to look punky and girly.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Justin Bieber’s Performance Style Reigns SupremeMeet Chloe And Halle, The Phenomenal Young Women Who Collected Beyoncé's BET AwardSee Inside Maya Jama’s Festival BagFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was around the time of my thirteenth birthday – 2003, or there abouts – and there was nothing I wanted more than a spaghetti strap top with a slogan spelt out in rhinestones. I wasn’t picky; it could have said ‘Babe’ or ‘Juicy’, I’d have taken it. After all, everyone I’d admired from J.Lo to the girls who got asked out at the annual excruciating school disco seemed to have cupboards stuffed with them.Memories like that sear into your sub-conscious, and before you know it you’re 27, and you’re still hankering for a diamante'd top. But, this time it’s by Polish fashion provocateur Mishbv or by Rihanna’s label of choice VENOMISS. The most stylish girls on Instagram are already two steps and one filter ahead and have already copped the best pieces. Focus now, this is how you wear a rhinestone top in 2017…. b💎a💎b💎y @jadedldnA post shared by  Olivia Smith (@asos_olive) on Jun 12, 2017 at 9:39am PDTI can’t look at this top without having Justin Bieber’s song get stuck in my head. And, that’s no bad thing. 7 балловA post shared by @ tokyo_dandy on Jun 8, 2017 at 1:22am PDTWith just the lightest dusting of diamante, Misbhv reminds us of club-hopping to a soundtrack of Christina Aguilera. "...... get the vibe , it's gonna be lit tonight...." DUA LIPA WEARING  GCDS X ECCE HOMO 😍😍 @ecce____homo #dualipa #eccehomo #gcds #gcdsxeccehomo #seanpaul #instagcds #instaeccehomo #instaluxury #instastyle #style #instafashion #swag #fashionista #lifestyleA post shared by  Sonia Rattenni (@sonia_rtt) on Jun 1, 2017 at 5:04am PDTAdding a little spice to pink crystals, GCDS makes Dua Lipa’s stage presence sing. @venomissnyc 2016 🐍A post shared by @ mateus.lages on Aug 3, 2016 at 8:06am PDTWhether it’s the hoops or the hat, who can say, but these VENOMISS tops have a dose of Jennifer Lopez we all need in our lives. COMING SOON #jordynwoods #July1st #nudemagA post shared by  NUDE. ® (@nude.mag) on Jun 28, 2017 at 1:39pm PDTFaur fur and rhinestone boob tubes, yes this really is 2017. Glasses/styling by me, lips @gabriellafloydmakeup general attitude @nxnajayA post shared by  Yuki Haze 雪 (@yukihaze) on Apr 10, 2017 at 12:49pm PDTTrashy isn’t an insult, as these homemade sunglasses by Yukihaze show. Glue guns at the ready….Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bella Hadid’s beauty is unfathomable, unearthly you might say. So much so that she floats above the floor, literally. But actually, have you noticed the 20-year-old model’s feet have barely grazed the ground, which begs the question: does Bella Hadid know how to walk in flats?Yes, it’s a model’s raison d’être to wear skyscraper stilettos, but when they’re off-duty, you’d think they’d be dying to kick it back in a pair of trainers. But, no, Bella only tip-toes around in spindly heels. She hasn’t worn trainers since the 21st June, and even then they had a chunky platform. So, Bella with good glasses, do you know how to walk in flats?Let’s look at the evidence…Teetering away in all red, we have to ask: Bella where are your bunions?A chunky platform and a sturdy ankle strap is an impressively practical choice for a girl whose feet can’t possibly touch flats.Ground Control to Major Bella. Here, she’s managed to navigate the complex wrath of straps but has yet to navigate a way to comfortable daywear.Is that giddy smile a nervous reaction to stepping out of her hotel into the big wide world?Here’s a theory: the reason Bella wears sunglasses rain or shine is that she’s hiding the pain in her eyes.Oh look a smile, must be because she’s levitating in extreme Lady Gaga-worthy platforms.That intense look in her eyes is the product of extreme balance, fear of the floor and too tightly strapped leather ties.Logic says sneakers would go best with this outfit. But, there’s no convincing Bella.A low heel, congrats Bella, you’re almost there.Evidently in her happy place in thigh high heeled boots.Surrounded by people in flats, yet still unable to go near the ground, nothing can break Bella’s pathological dislike of grounded shoes.Think we may have discovered Bella’s favourite shoes as she has these in two coloursDressed in all white (and without a stain remover stick in sight), Bella valiantly stepped out in platformed sneakers. You go, girl.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This is the era of the fashion clapback. The power of social media means hardly a week passes without a designer or big name brand being held to account about issues such as racial diversity and discrimination, cultural appropriation and copying. But are attitudes to plus size fashion changing fast enough? New York designer Prabal Gurung doesn’t think so, revealing the ‘snickering’ his collaboration with plus size US retailer Lane Bryant drew from industry peers. He was even asked ‘why are you designing for fat people?’ by one acquaintance. Such comments are shocking, and yet shockingly common - despite the fact that the average UK size is a 16, and the equivalent of a UK 20 in the US – so just why does plus size fashion still feel like the final frontier?A new documentary Straight/Curve sets out to address these outdated attitudes: ‘The issue of size is hugely stigmatised in the US and the UK, and a lot of the western world,’ says the film’s director Jenny McQuaile. ‘One health expert in our film tells us “we definitely see largeness as failure”. And as a society, we praise and celebrate women who are thin and white. We spread the message that this is what you have to look like to be successful and happy. This absolutely has to stop.”Plus size models Ashley Graham and Iskra LawrenceThe film, which is lined up for UK release later this year, brings together views from those within the industry – a diverse range of models, academics, and designers – as well as young people being shaped by fashion imagery. Resoundingly, the message is that something needs to change – but whose responsibility is it?‘The biggest hurdle we face in an attempt to offer a broad range of sizes has been at retail,’ says Gurung. ‘We’ve always been able to cut up to a size 22 (UK 26), however the retailers only tend to buy up to a 12 (UK 16). Overall the industry has been slow to adapt and I still have people ask me why I’m doing this. What we really need to see is more designers here in the US and in Europe introduce a range of sizes in their collections and on the runway.’While the blame is often placed soley with retailers and designers, Straight/Curve suggests another party is also at fault – educators. If designing for a broad spectrum of sizes is not taught as the norm, little wonder that there’s scant interest in doing so when a young designer is building a brand on limited resources.Tess HollidayUltimately, McQuaile believes the power of imagery in the Instagram age needs to be recognised, and harnessed for good: ‘The brain processes images 60,000 times faster than words, so we simply must change the images we are creating and seeing.’As founder of Milk Management, Anna Shillinglaw agrees. A former model who ‘never felt slim enough’, she wanted to represent all kinds of women with her own agency. Signings include Nicky Griffin, Sabina Karlsson, Denise Bidot and Robyn Lawley who feature in Straight/Curve, as well as Tess Holliday the 5 foot 2, UK size 26, tattooed model who has taken the industry by storm. Shillinglaw believes there’s still a long way to go, but that the industry has reached a tipping point as brands are realising the billion-pound industry that they’re excluding themselves from: ‘In the last three months I’ve had top casting directors calling, about high end jobs I could only have dreamed about for my girls. Thanks to social media, the world is so much more educated now, it’s a real moment of change.’Shop our edit of stylish plus size clothes below:Floral Midi Dress, £85 from AsosPlus Size Fashion - Grazia2of8Floral Midi Dress, £85 from AsosBlue Frill Top, £28 from River IslandDenim Dress, £59.99 from MangoBlack Jumpsuit, £55 from River IslandHigh Neck Lace Dress, £50 from SimplyBeOrange Bardot Top, £35 from River IslandBlue Blouse, £475 from Lela Rose at Net-A-PorterCotton Dress, £240 from Michael Kors at Net-A-PorterREAD MORE: Nike Launches Its First Plus Size Sportswear CollectionREAD MORE:  The Role Models: Naomi Shimada On Being Plus Size© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was arguably very specific circumstances which allowed Geri Halliwell's union jack dress to be regarded as really freaking cool as opposed to... well, the opposite.It’s only Geri Halliwell, only under the umbrella of the Spice Girls and only at that specific time in the trajectory of history/pop culture/the UK (Brace yourselves for this little tit-bit of information I've only just unearthed myself but ummm.... she wore that dress 20 years ago. As in 20 whole years ago. Sobs frantically into the sands of time.) was she able to pull it off and make the union jack dress one of the most instantly recognisable and iconic outfits of all time. Yes, of all time.So iconic, in fact, the dress has its own Wikipedia page, sold for £41,320 and earned itself a place in the book of Guinness World Records for being the most expensive item of pop star clothing dealt at auction. For reference, it made more than Marilyn Monroe’s white halter-neck dress and Princess Diana’s wedding gown.And on the back of the dress? Geri rocked a peace symbol. Ahh it just keeps getting better and better. Truth be told if a Geri Halliwell circa Spice Girls equivalent tried to rock that today (yes, I know there is NO equivalent bar maybe a tenuous link to a Little Mix member or two,) they would become a meme before they had even finished pulling the dress over their heads. And yet, Geri made that dress look freaking cool, kitsch peace sign on the back and all.It was a fitting dress to wear to the 1997 BRITS, considering we were all living peak Cool Britannia at that point: London was the most exciting city on the planet, New Labour meant optimism was rife and the word ‘Brexit’ was not even a glint in anyone’s worst nightmares. The following month, Liam Gallagher and soon-to-be-wife Patsy Kensit featured on the front of Vanity Fair reclining on a Union Jack duvet, and the patriotism continued. Yup, Union Jack’s were everywhere from tops, socks, hats to bags and beyond.Indeed, those were the times when pop stars were political, had views about the world we live in and weren’t afraid to share them. The Spice Girls themselves had some pretty out-there views, although we wouldn’t have expected any less from them, tbh. They were massive Tories, were big advocates of the monarchy, and of keeping the pound as opposed to joining the Euro.These days, we’re more likely to be talking about the various states of undress we might find a pop star in, rather than the patriotic stance they’re taking by means of a tiny tea-towel of a dress, and we’re long gone from the days of Cool Britannia and knee deep in a messy Brexit, a pretty dire economic situation and etc.But in nostalgia we revel and Geri, you will forever be iconic for that dress, that attitude and that moment.Liked this? You may be interested in...Turns Out Geri Halliwell Thinks She Could’ve Handled Leaving The Spice Girls A Bit BetterRemember When The Spice Girls Were Massive Tories?8 Photos Of Victoria And David Beckham From A Decade Ago That Show Just What A Different World It WasFollow Alya on Instagram @MoorizzlaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hear the word ‘Celine’ in a fashion context and you’d be forgiven for automatically dreaming of the cult French label.  You’re thinking understated it-bags and ugly-chic shoes; quiet power dressing, rather than, say, power ballads.Well, readers, you’d better Think Twice, because A New Day Has Come. You can see where we’re going with this, can’t you? Near, far, wherever you are, it can’t have escaped your notice that Celine Dion – yes, she of My Heart Will Go On fame – has undergone a dramatic fashion re-invention.To pinpoint the start of the one-time Eurovision winner’s sartorial sea change, we’ll have to re-wind almost exactly one year, when Celine headed to Paris as part of her major European tour, making time to take in – and take over – couture week along the way. In keeping with her status as musical icon and Singer Of The Titanic Theme Tune, she sat front row at Dior and Giambattista Valli, where she ushered in a new era of show etiquette: snapping selfies with other show-goers, throwing models a trademark double thumbs-up as they made their way down the runway and rising to her feet with a dramatic ‘bravo!’ to mark a particularly spectacular finale.This freshly crowned fashion queen needed a regal new wardrobe, which came courtesy of Law Roach, a stylist who also works with Insta-genic stars like Ariana Grande and Ruby Rose.According to Roach, though, it was his work with tween star turned Vuitton muse Zendaya that caught Celine’s eye.‘Celine] started to follow Zendaya’s style and one of the things she said was, “She’s so sophisticated.” Like, the things she wears, I can wear at my age. And she said that was what was appealing to her,’ he revealed in an interview with [The Hollywood Reporter last year.Neon green Balenciaga, head-to-toe Saint Laurent and cool new label Off-White are the sort of thing you’d typically see on a sartorially brave actress doing the pre-Oscar rounds or an aspiring singer keen to prove their fashion nous, but all played a part in the legendary singer’s new look. She even stepped out wearing – wait for it – utilitarian Céline.These stellar ensembles, though, paled in comparison when Dion blessed us with the most meta of fashion choices: the $885 Titanic hoodie from cult brand Vetements.Yes, the woman whose high notes soundtracked the most enduring love story of the ‘90s was wearing a high end sweatshirt, screen-printed with Kate and Leo’s soggy faces. It was fashion forward – which self-respecting street style star hasn’t been photographed in Vetements recently? – and self-referential enough to be a guaranteed ice, sorry, Internet breaker.Fans of Dion's ouvre won't be too shocked by the singer's excursions to the most avant-garde frontiers of high fashion. For the last five years, she's almost exclusively worn couture designs for her live shows, boasting a shopping list that's a who's who of storied fashion houses: Schiaparelli, Armani Privé, Giambattista Valli. As the legend herself put it to Vogue, 'the clothes follow me; I do not follow the clothes.'Following a triumphant Met Gala debut back in May (wearing bespoke Atelier Versace and an origami-inspired headpiece), Celine has made a triumphant return to her favourite sartorial stomping-ground: Paris Couture Week. For the most recent round of shows, she has once again made the City of Light her backdrop for a series of brilliant fashion moments: but this time, she's perfected her power poses (Yoga 'tree' poses? Check? Draped across the bonnet of a Mercedes? Done and done) and brought her own hashtag, #celinetakescouture.Our favourite looks? The black Givenchy dungarees (think a high-fashion Super Mario and you won't be far off), a print-on-print maximalist ensemble by Cavalli and a mustard-yellow leather shirt dress worn for the Dior show. As for the secret to her signature style, the singer stays true to the following rules...We're talking print on print on print, worn with the giddy abandon of a Changing Rooms-era Laurence Llewelyn Bowen.A snakeskin duster coat, suede thigh highs and a leather baker boy cap. We're in capital L 'Look' territory here...Worn for her 20th anniversary performance of My Heart Will Go On at the Billboard Music Awards, this angel-winged one-off gown by Stephane Rolland is an architectural feat.Whether it's a scene-stealing mega bow in demure powder blue (as demonstrated at the Beauty and the Beast premiere) or some killer detailing perched on the shoulder of an evening gown, asymmetry gets a big tick from Celine.Whether it's a Hermes Birkin or a minimalistic Céline pouch, the singer is never not toting a classic piece of arm candy: here, she's teamed her Giambattista Valli ensemble with Delvaux's Le Brillant bag in white. In September, she'll launch a fleet of bags in collaboration with Bugatti Group - her latest step towards all-round lifestyle guru status...READ MORE: The Most Beautiful Dresses From Paris Couture WeekREAD MORE: Paris Couture Week: The Best Dressed List© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Paris Couture Fashion Week is where the magic happens. Unlike the fashion months which take place twice yearly, haute couture is an opportunity for designers to bring their wildest dreams into fruition as they deliver collections designed to bewilder.And this season, we were not left disappointed. From Dior's globetrotting wardrobe to Rodarte's ethereal collection, Grazia takes a look at the dreamiest dresses Paris had the pleasure of showcasing...Pierpaolo Piccioli described his couture collection for Valentino as, 'a reflection about the sacred'. Drawing on the work of 17th-century painter Francisco de Zurbarán, the designer sent models down the runway in a multitude of hues. There were salmon pinks merged with raspberry reds and collars seemingly inspired by Church attire.Our stand-out piece? Perhaps in reaction to the revealing sartorial choices of the Insta-famous (we're referencing the Hadid sisters, Kendall Jenner and Emily Ratajkowski here), covering up has never been cooler. A millennial pink column dress stole the show for us, proving sometimes less is most certainly more.There was one dress that divided spectators. Karl Lagerfeld is renowned for finishing the Chanel couture show with a bridal ensemble. And he certainly sparked debate after sending 19-year-old French model, Camille Hurel, down the runway in a trapeze dress.Here at Grazia, we have to admit that we fell completely and utterly in love with Chanel's take on minimalism. Who couldn't be besotted by the cloud-like tulle shoulders and sweet ivory bow? It was as though it was destined to be pinned to wedding boards far and wide. And the punky boots? We're all for Lagerfeld's juxtaposition of traditional-meets-modern. But it turns out, not everyone wants to marry in Chanel...No debate can be made here. The Mulleavy sisters well and truly delivered an ethereal collection that we couldn't even conjure up in our wildest dreams. Inspired by the cinematic masterpiece that is, 3 Women by Robert Altman, the design duo played with a '70's-inspired colour palette and consequently reimagined the definition of Parisian romance.Models dragged larger-than-life Baby's-Breath behind them, as they walked the catwalk decked in saccharine frills, sorbet hues and low-slung leather trousers. Nobody would ever turn down the chance to be a Rodarte girl.We were especially bowled over by this sheer sorbet look. Introduce Baby's-Breath blossoms, supersized earrings and a lace Victoriana-inspired collar - it's a sure-fire winner.Marie Chiuri Grazia wants to dress the everyday woman (well, one who can of course afford couture).Sourcing inspiration from the Dior archives, the designer discovered that within just one year of launching the French label, Christian Dior was dressing women on a global scale.And Chiuri paid tribute to the man himself, introducing a capsule collection for the woman-on-the-move. Models marched past wooden animal figurines decked in everything from '50s-inspired skirts to leather all-in-ones, as though ready to take flight.Our favourite? The above dove-grey dress is simply finished with a sleek snakeskin belt. The model needs nothing but a pair of leather hands to complete the look. If only we could look that chic on the go...READ MORE: The Biggest Talking Points From Paris Couture So FarREAD MORE: We Want To Get Married In Chanel Immediately© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like Calvin Harris’ first big hit, Fall 17’s Haute Couture Fashion Week was an ode to the ‘80s. Continuing from last season, where the Thatcher and Regan era was resurrected at Balenciaga and Gaultier, this past week has been a non-stop roller coaster of shoulder pads and Princess Di ball gowns. Talk about, fashion getting political.Rewinding the clock to 1987, Alexandre Vauthier clothed his PYT’s in metallic lame fit for Studio 54, slouching boots and enough costume jewellery to weigh down Pat Butcher.What happens when Boy George’s make-up bag takes the Eurostar to Paris and makes a pit stop at the Chanel archives.One look at Ellie Saab and you can see someone has been binge watching GoT. However, that said, between the layers of bangles, glitzy embellishments, glitter eyeshadow and sizzling eveningwear, I have my suspicions that Dynasty has also been on repeat.The voluminous skirts made out of balletic tulle and the waterfall hemlines that skimmed the thighs were a lesson in old school dressing-up.We’re going to level with you, this isn’t actually an Haute Couture collection. Rodarte hijacked the week to show its achingly sweet Spring 18 collection. Like a dance with the late Princess Diana’s bouquet of Ivy, Lily of the Valley, Freesia’s and Gardenia flowers, the collection was doused in the loveliest and most delicate of blooms.It looks like someone has been Pinning pictures of Madonna’s Like A Virgin video to their moodboard. While we’re on the topic of the 80s, anyone else see how closely the shoes resemble Dr Martens?Somewhere between Working Girl’s wardrobe and the 1940s sits Dior’s Haute Couture separates.White boots and liquid velvet polo-necks weren’t the only hint that the 80s revival is in full swing.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Pinko.When it comes to fashion, we know that you like to stay one step ahead of the game, which is why we're here to introduce you to one of the coolest trends of 2017: monogramming. Celebrities like Gigi Hadid and Kim Kardashian are frequently papped out and about wearing personalised clothing and accessories, so it was only going to be a matter of time before this style filtered its way down to us.Nowadays, mainstream fashion often dictates how we style our outfits. Think about it: how often do you go out and happen to spot somebody wearing the same pair of shoes as you? Too often, right? This can be a real pain, but, you'll be pleased to know that monogrammed fashion is a whole different ball game. When it comes to personalised fashion, you're given the chance to create your very own style, by wearing something that nobody else owns.Essentially, monogramming is the fashion equivalent of wearing your heart on your sleeve, except instead, you can wear your name on your handbag. And we're predicting that you can expect to see monogrammed fashion pieces popping up all over the place, from the runway to the streets, and especially at this year's Fashion Week.So if you want to get ahead of the trend, then look to luxury fashion brand Pinko for help, as they've just recently launched their gorgeous, customisable LOVE bag.As well as being able to choose the colour combination of this bag, you can also opt to get your name embroidered on the front flap. And trust us when we say that bespoke fashion never goes out of style, so if you're planning on investing in a statement accessory, then you know what to do!Want to get your hands on a luxury LOVE handbag? It's your lucky day, because we're giving away one which you can completely customise. You can enter the competition by following the instructions below.This exclusive personalisation service, which is a real must-have for any accessory lovers, will be available at select boutiques and at Pinko.com.READ MORETake A Peek Inside Pinko's Monogramming EventHow To Choose The Right Pair Of Sunglasses For Your Face Shape© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For all the glitz and the glamour, Couture Fashion Week is actually quite a cerebral event. Though designers use it at an excuse to let their blue sky thinking loose, creating gowns that take hundreds of hours to sew and worth unfathomable amounts, the week-long affair has become a marketing exercise for most. It’s an opportunity for brands to drum up headlines and catch traffic that hopefully translates into perfume and accessory sales (AKA their real money making arenas). But then Celine Dion turned up and changed the game.Dion, who is currently undergoing a reinvention of sorts, has taken Paris by storm. She’s been twirling through the week, sitting front row at shows and looking like she’s having a whale of a time.Her attitude has been contagious, for instance: where Anna Wintour is usually stony-faced on the front row, but now that she has Dion as a bench buddy she’s been pictured grinning from ear-to-ear.Being the star that she is, Dion knows a thing or two about picking an unforgettable gown. Remember her Stéphane Rolland, white puff-shouldered plunging dress at the Billboard Awards? This past week, with the help of her stylist Law Roach, the songstress has been pulling out look, after look, after look.Starting the week in a cobalt blue tracksuit by Off-White, she's also sported demi-couture Giambattista Valli, a mustard leather Dior dress and head-to-toe Balmain. No wonder she’s inspired the hashtag #celinetakescouture.But, it’s not just the non-stop full-throttle fashion that’s won her attention, it’s been her attitude too. When asked, she’s stopped for selfies and signed autographs. She’s had fun with the posing, by pouting and swirling and laughing with the paparazzi. She’s even draped herself across cars and kneeled down to get the perfect shot. Dion has gone above and beyond, and our hearts will always go on for her PFW moment.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Couture; just the word conjures up images of never-ending tulle, exquisite beading and fairytale gowns that have taken hundreds of hours to make. The creme de la creme of craftsmanship and design, there's no denying that it produces some of the most breathtaking fashion moments. As Paris couture week gets underway, we're taking note of the biggest talking points so far - from Dior's septuagenarian bonanza to the First Lady's first appearance on the front row.A supermarket stocked with only double C's, a space ship blasting off, an apocalyptic, bombed out theatre - Karl Lagerfeld's set designs for Chanel have been just as impressive as his collections. This season, he went big, constructing a replica of Paris' most famous landmark, the Eiffel Tower, in the Grand Palais. On the front row, he opted for a trio off peroxide blonde buzzcut beauties: Kristen Stewart, Katy Perry and Cara Delevingne.Maria Grazia Chiuri knows a thing or two about travel: during her first year at Dior, she’s taken her designs to Santa Monica, Japan and of course, the Met Ball, on a whirlwind promotional tour that has seen her reminding women the world over why they first fell in love with this storied design house. And what a story it has been! Now celebrating its 70th birthday, the house of Dior is truly global, dressing everyone from clients in Russia and Asia to Hollywood A-listers. No wonder then that Chiuri took travel as her theme for couture; sending models out in elegant flight suits and natty grey bowlers, while a coterie of wooden creatures greeted arriving guests, from giraffes to tigers.Brigitte Macron, aka the most stylish woman in politics, took her rightful front row seat at the Dior show on Monday. The 64-year-old was the epitome of understated French chic wearing loose black trousers, a crisp white shirt and oversized grey blazer – accessorised with snakeskin pumps, a beaded bag and a certain je ne sais quoi.If anyone was to make a success of going it alone, it was former Pucci designer Peter Dundas. A definite believer in the power of brand Me, the charismatic creative has a dedicated following on Instagram and a knack for befriending the latest It girls. His debut collection for his eponymous brand featured an impressive line-up of the latter, from Georgia May Jagger to Sara Sampaio, who stamped down the runway wearing his unique brand of rock ‘n’ roll Seventies decadence.Not one but two designers have crossed the Atlantic to make their Paris couture week debut this season. Kicking off proceedings on Sunday, New York-based designers Proenza Schouler and Rodarte got things off to a great start, with the former nodding to French style with cascades of ruffles, tuxedo jackets and floral lace, while the latter stuck to its formula of ethereal cool, with layers of tulle and prim-and-proper Edwardian necklines.Flower crowns have long-suffered from Coachella backlash, with the Fat Jewish’s billboard ‘Friends don’t let friends wear flower crowns’ sparking thousands of wry-regrams. At couture though, the once-humble accessory had a major rebrand courtesy of Rodarte. Hair stylist Oldie Gilbert used the aptly-named ‘Gypsophila’ flower to create the delicate garlands, which gave models a Titania in Midsummer Night’s Dream-esque aesthetic.READ MORE: Maria Grazia Chiuri Wants To Dress Us All In Dior Couture READ MORE: Everyone Wants To Be A Rodarte Girl© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Australia knows swimwear better than anywhere else in the world. Fact. It's hardly surprising, though, considering our sunny-side friends enjoy bikini weather all year round: their winters don't fall below 15 degrees and the temperature of the sea that wraps the 25,000km of golden coastline averages at 25 degrees on the Gold Coast.In Oz the landscapes are arrestingly beautiful and picture perfect locations abound. The land and sea blend harmoniously and paradises bloom - something that evades us Brits so immensely it can seem illusory. With a lifestyle centred around the beach, Aussies are certainly better married to nature than we are, and while unfortunately they cannot lend their January sun to our little island, there is something they can impart onto us: their swimwear design prowess.Palm trees, lush greenery and ocean breezes are island motifs that have long inspired clothing designers. If you daydream in beaches and faraway places where the colours are so rich that filters are eternally abandoned, we have the found the most lust-worthy, Instagram-friendly swimwear brands that you will fall in love with. (Ones that are really worth the shipping costs.)Consider your vacation swimwear sorted. Thank you, Oz!C Λ N T I K (pronounced ‘chun - tick’), means 'beautiful' in Bahasa - the language of Indonesia. Founded in 2013 in Sydney, the label's creations are designed in Australia but come to life on the island of Bali. With the essence of the Indonesian archipelago in mind, the brand aims to capture the essence of those long, languid days in a tropical haven.The pieces show off the female form in bold, feminine designs. The label boasts the perfect must-have, every-occasion swimwear pieces you'll keep forever, as well as styles that are totally unique (and cannot be found in the UK). For designer Catherine Heenan, ethical consciousness is at the heart of the brand: the label is mindful of the way it designs and creates its products, and it uses a 100 percent regenerable and recycled nylon yarn throughout its 2017 collection.cantikswimwear.com/@cantikswimwearWe are the sun. We are the moon. We are the sea. We are the sand. We are the sky. We are In Your Arms.Born and bred in Australia, In Your Arms swimwear epitomises the best of what the country has to offer. The brand aims to appeal to the dreamers; women who thrive in the sunshine, who have an innate love for nature and an itch to travel, and do so with a full and spirited heart. The soul of the brand is perfectly embodied by In Your Arms muse Mimi Elashiry - the ultimate Aussie beach babe who works with the label on her own Instagram: @mimielashiry.The ethically conscious label has incorporated their unique, signature fabric - In Your Arms Swim Knit™ - throughout their collections which, to suit the girl who is constantly submerged in various oceanic elements, is fast drying and lightweight. The label is all about creating sustainable, timeless pieces that will stand the test of time, and look stylish along the way.inyourarms.com.au/@weareinyourarmsOriginating from a small team of passionate swimwear designers on the west coast of Australia, B Ā M B A (pronounced 'BUM - BA') is a label whose aesthetic is making waves, just check out their Instagram for proof. 'Less is more' is the brand's motto, with the emphasis being on the shape of the designs to accentuate, flatter and bring comfort to women of all sizes, inspired by the minimal, high-rise cuts that were popular in the 80s.The PARADISE COVE collection takes inspiration from the styling of Brooke Shields in the 1980s cult classic The Blue Lagoon. In an ode to the ocean, the newest collection focuses on the beauty of a sun-soaked beachfront; swimwear is adorned with shells, crochet, embroidery and tassels to appeal to the girl who is at one with nature.bambaswim.com/@bambaswimMADE FOR THE SUN, THE SALT & THE SEA.Born on Bondi Beach, Australian lifestyle label Zulu & Zephyr is owned and operated by a small team of creatives, and is aimed at the laid-back girl-next-door who wants their swimwear to echo their character. The brand has had great success in expanding its reach worldwide by doing what most Aussie swimwear labels do - harnessing the power of Instagram. Their summer collection pieces are currently being sold on ASOS (which is great news for us here in the UK).Inspired by the Australian bush, the transeasonal fall '17 collection, Wilder, plays on the themes of nature to create pieces that are comfortable and have earthy hues, but are at the same time luxuriously stylish. Wilderness glamour, if you will. The Zulu & Zephyr muses even style their own campaigns to create the most authentic shoot possible.zuluandzephyr.com/@zuluandzephyrFounded in 2012 in Sydney, F E L L A. designers Rosie Iffla and Christine Tang wanted to create a label in which the pieces were simplistic but beautifully sophisticated and chic - something they felt the market was missing. A fusion between swimwear, lingerie and active-wear, F E L L A. is the brand you can count on to deliver clothing that flatters your body whatever your shape or size - pieces that will never go out of style or be expelled from your wardrobe.The SS17 High Summer campaign is enough to make you want to drop what you're doing and jet off island-hopping, wearing that signature yellow F E L L A. bikini, naturally. And to make things better, there's no need to pay Australian shipping fees as the the brand is now stocked on NET-A-PORTER.COM.fellaswim.com/@fellaswimAll That Remains is an Australian clothing label that creates beautiful and beach-inspired handcrafted artisan pieces. The styles are limited edition and because it isn't mass-produced you can guarantee that no one else on the beach will be wearing the same design. The boho-inspired garments are ideal for the summer climates and suit the wardrobes of those with a peripatetic nature and a penchant for travel. Their signature crocheted, embroidered and macraméd swimwear pieces are backpacking traveller-meets-luxury jet-setter, and are oh-so pretty.allthatremainslove.com/@allthatremainsloveThose who have Rat & Boa on their sartorial radar most likely became familiar with their stylish Instagram page, first. Evocative of exotic bazaars in faraway lands, the label boasts pieces that you can’t find anywhere else; pieces that your wardrobe is most certainly lacking.Swimwear is just one thread of Rat & Boa's brand; a brand that riffs on a spirited and adventurous carnival vibe. Eclectic, bold and sexy, the label is for the daredevils and the sun-worshippers.ratandboa.com/@ratandboaInspired by a love of the ocean, the sun and the earth.MAY & HUGO celebrates the essence of some of the most beautiful seascapes the world has to offer. Launched in 2015 by creative couple Emily May Tait and Marcos Hugo Bello, the brand is directed and designed from Sydney; is inspired by the glorious Spanish summer and its environmentally sensitive and sustainable fabrics are sourced from Italy. The effect of taking inspiration from a hybrid of sun-soaked resources is that the brand's leisure-wear, yoga-wear and swimwear is beautifully feminine, modern, and indicative of those blissful holiday destinations.mayandhugo.com/@mayandhugoswimFounded and designed by Vrindy and Ramana Benson, OHANASWIM is an Australian swimwear brand you'll want to take note of. Inspired by sea salt smells, sandy beaches and wind-whipped hair, the label's pieces are minimal and blur the line between swimwear and underwear so beautifully - you'll feel at your most sexy in one of their designs. Just check out their Instagram to feel real bikini envy.ohanaswim.com.au/@ohanaswimShe Made Me is about the girl and the way she makes you feel. She is effortless, beautiful, confident and she can make people feel different things – love, lust, admired, respected.Born on Australia's east coast, She Made Me is a swimwear label designed by Chloe Dunlop and aimed at girls who are like her in character: a nomad with a free spirit and love for exotic cultures. After working on other swimwear labels, inspiration for her own collection came from her travels to India, Morocco and Bali, where She Made Me was ultimately born. Each piece in the collection, which is evocative of 70s bohemia, is carefully and skillfully hand-crocheted by local artisans in Bali - strengthening the connection and love between communities.shemademe.com.au/@shemademeFor women who wear lingerie as a love letter to themselves.Ok, so Lonely is a New Zealand label, but we couldn't not include it. The brand's ethos celebrates freedom of expression surrounding body image, and the Lonely Girl's Project celebrates how real women from around the world and from all walks of life wear Lonely.Lonely's designs are all about comfort and showing off the female silhouette in the most flattering way. Alongside their clothing and lingerie collections, Lonely are due to drop a new swim campaign very soon, so watch this space.lonelylabel.com/@lonelylingerieREAD MORE: GANNI x My Theresa: Is This The 'It' Swimsuit Of The Year?READ MORE: Swimming Costumes Have Had A Sexy Makeover, And We Have The Proof© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Let's be frank, Paris Couture Fashion Week wouldn't be anything without Chanel. It'd be like chips without ketchup (we couldn't think of a chicer comparison). And this season, the man behind the french fashion house delivered his most spectacular show yet.A makeshift Eiffel Tower dominated the prestigious Grande Palais in the very spot a faux rocket stood last season. We challenge you to think of a more quintessentially Parisian emblem...But what really bowled us over was not merely the chic settings (no matter how epic). Fast forward to the end of the show and Karl Lagerfeld is known for sending a bridal look down the runway to close the spectacle. And this season, we can only wish we had a magical money tree to save up for a bridal gown by the man himself.The designer sent 19-year-old Camille Hurel down the runway in the most Pinterest-friendly gown in existence. The French teenager graced the catwalk in a sleek, minimal cream gown adorned with a cloud-like tulle hem.Nipped in beneath the bust with a sweet ivory bow, the dress puffed outwards in a fairytale-inspired trapeze silhouette. It can only be described as minimalism the Chanel way, as the dress boasted sleek full sleeves and shoulders adorned in tulle blossoms. And who else would dare team the elegant look with punky boots and juxtaposing rainbow splatter-effect make-up by Tom Pecheux? Only Lagerfeld could get away with it.And the rest of the collection followed suit, seeking inspiration from the structural beauty of the Eiffel Tower itself. Cue heavy tweed full skirt suits, ballooned blazer sleeves and feathers atop jacquard-print shoulders.Now all we need is a groom...READ MORE: Maria Grazia Chiuri Wants To Dress Us All In Dior CoutureREAD MORE: Everyone Wants To Be A Rodarte Girl© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every guest (men and women) knows that what to wear to a wedding is an exact science - it requires research, preparation, precision, tact and artful deployment. Really it’s a lot like war in that way. A sartorial misfire and you’re under attack (from the relatives). Make a sophisticated play and you’ll be thankful for the lurking photographer.Forget the ‘I do’s’ knowing what to wear to the wedding reception in the evening can be the make-or-break of the whole affair. Add in any reality checks - like packing an ensemble that doesn’t crease for a wedding abroad, choosing what to wear when you’re pregnant or plus size or scoring a chair at the rehearsal the night before as well - and suddenly that breezy task becomes a typhoon.What To Wear To A Wedding1of27If the invitation was replete with a dress code then use that guidance carefully. Of course, certain colours and shapes are off-limits (no white, unless specified and nothing too revealing or sheer unless you don’t mind granny’s side-eye). However, don’t feel tied to tried wedding tropes. Sure flowers and lace gowns look pretty but you’ll be part of the crowd, not leading it. If you must wear pastel or overblown florals then add metallic accessories and a clashing shoe. Feel free to break with tradition and pick tailoring, a jumpsuit or separates as not only will you feel a heap more comfortable but you’ll be free to dazzle at the disco.If you do dare to wear a hat then prepare to face the Beatrice and Eugenie treatment (i.e. dissection by every on-looker). A classic boater or pillbox will never look out of place, while a floppy Jacquemus sunhat pulls attention and a headband or frosted hairslide is a refreshing twist.When it comes to the bag leave that clutch at home as it’s impossible to negotiate the champagne-shaking-hands procedure. The optics of a dinky evening bag is much more modern, anyway.In the world of ‘what to wear to a wedding,’ there are some rules that need to be broken. For one, black is no longer considered funereal, it’s chic and urbane in the best possible way. Dare to wear leopard print, but err on the cautious side of this wild print by picking demure lengths and higher necklines. Finally, there’s a bizarre belief that re-wearing an occasion outfit for multiple ceremonies is a faux pas. In this world of mass-consumption, we need to retrain our brains to think otherwise. Start by re-accessorising with new earrings or a statement shoe for a switch-up worthy of the Big Day.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Question: How do you transform a 'meh' look into a major one this summer? Oh, and with just one accessory? Answer: put a Stetson on it. Seriously.You can blame it on Alexa Chung. She put a decisive end to the flower crown's reign as the festival-season's go-to headwear when she turned up in a cowboy hat at Glastonbury.It was classic Chug - an unexpected move that felt fresh yet completely made sense; a slick riposte to a sea of bloom-bedecked hairbands. The Stetson might not be a street-style staple yet (it's only a matter of time), but Alexa is by no means alone in embracing a game-changing hat. The key is to fall back in love with classic styles that have been amped up with modern detailing, or worn in an unexpected context.Bored of the baseball cap but love its tomboy swagger? Take your cue from the likes of Rihanna, Bella and Cara and opt for a beret. Dior's black leather version is notching up a lot of love, as is Itchy Scratchy Patchy's 'Respect'-emblazoned offering. Weddings, Ascot and garden parties aren't the place for anarchic accessorising, but by opting for a preppy straw boater over the fluff of a fascinator you can strike a subtle subversive note.Even that '80s fitness video and golf-course fave - the visor - is back with a fashion stamp of approval, reimagined in bold prints and futuristic finishes. We'll be diving in head first...See our edit of the most fashionable hats to covet this summer, below.Cowboy, £28.99 from TackvilleSummer hat trends2of9Cowboy, £28.99 from TackvilleStetson, £15 from EspiritBeret, Gucci, £160 from Net-A-Porter Visor, £9.99 from H&MBeret, £9.95 from Village HatsStetson, £32.95 from Jaxon & JamesStetson, £195 from Lock & Co HattersVisor, £10 from TopshopCowboy, £459 from Maison Michel at StyleBopREAD MOREOur Shopping Editor's Lust List: 11 Fashion Pieces To Add To Your Basket, ProntoGrazia Summer Beauty Awards 2017Paris Couture Fashion Week: The Best Dressed List© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dear Jeremy,We’re loving your style. No, really, it’s true. And this is important.That you smashed the general election, emotionally speaking at least, galvanised Britain’s youth and triggered a political revolution in the process is one thing, but to base your look on Vetements, the ineffably cool haute street label while doing so is beyond genius.The big question is: are you in cahoots with Demna Gvasalia, the man behind Vetements? Did you, in fact, hold a secret style summit in Switzerland ahead of the label’s #NOSHOW-show in Paris? Based on the evidence – the photos of “real” people wearing Vetements on the streets of Zurich, taken by Demna himself, and shown as an exhibition in a multi-storey car park at Paris’ menswear fashion week – we’d like to think the answer is a firm, yes.That by-now-famous picture of you in a train loo, the one with you wearing the navy cap, visor lenses and ill-fitting suit appeared uncannily similar to Herr Grumpy in Zurich, bar the stonewash jeans – but we know if you did a jean, they’d be just like that: too short, with a white sock and suede granddad lace-up. Or take your photo-op moment juggling oranges in your favourite 1980s beige Harrington jacket; a dead ringer for the tousle-haired youth in his Vetements rain mac, even accessorised with a bag - of oranges! And can we please draw your attention to the shell suit situation – TOTAL VETEMENTISATION. JEZZ! YOU. ARE. NAILING. IT!!!We totally get what you’re doing. And we approve. We also understand why Demna is so in to you, the least likely fashion icon on the planet. Because, well, you’re the least likely fashion icon on the planet! So intensely uncool, you’re intensely cool, see? It’s the credibility factor: you do what you say and you say what you do. But to be always so visually on message, well, it’s a virtuoso fashion performance. You don’t just look like the people, you ARE the people. Simple. Fashion integrity personified. This goes way beyond the democratisation of fashion. You are the everyday embodiment of the Vetements ideal, a walking-talking billboard for Demna’s #NOCAMPAIGN- campaign.Anyway, Jezza, we wanted to congratulate you on your secret collaboration, although… BUSTED! And, we’re with you – ‘heads and hearts’ – right down to your geeky cyclist kit. And, please, much more of the socks n sandals. In fact, don’t change a thing!Yours sincerely,The Grazia Fashion DeskREAD MORE: Jeremy Corbyn Has Inspired 2017's Most Unlikely Baby NameREAD MORE: Dadcore Decoded: A Fashion Movement Or Passing Fad?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How many times do you refresh the Zara app in an average day? Don't fib, we're fellow addicts here at Grazia. Is it more frequently than your Thursday quick-squeeze-your-zara-fix-into-your-lunch-break shopping slot?And what about high street rival, Mango? Have you hit the magnificent sales yet? We somehow managed to empty our bank accounts in one fell swipe...We don't know about you, but all these questions got us thinking. Spanish fashion is having a serious moment right now. Just look at Zara's sister brands, Stradivarius and Bershka. They're cool now, didn't you know? And then you have Uterqüe, the brand on every Insta-blogger's radar right now.So forget the Scandis and look to the Spaniards for sartiorial inspiration this season with our edit of the best brands to shop now...Let us introduce you to the label that single-handedly made sustainability cool. The brand seeks inspiration from the natural world (Sunad is an anagram of 'dunes', after all) and each shirt is handcrafted in their hometown of Madrid.The AestheticThe friends behind the brand count their mothers and grandmothers as their muses. Ana Marroquin and Paloma Canut told Grazia, the design duo create pieces for the 'woman that wasn’t scared to live life, that was inspired by many things, spoke their mind and were able to do all that while still looking great'. Expect shirts for lazing around in, holidaying in and looking great at work in. Phew.The Price TagQuality and durability comes at a cost but it's certainly worth the investment. Expect good quality shirts designed to stand the test of time.Grazia Recommends...The brand collaborated with Danielle Romero from Flora and Form Studio for a one of a kind shirt with a '70s-inspired silhouette and watercolour print. A must buy.Shop nowSorry, Zara but we've fallen head over heels for non-identical twin Uterqüe this season. A major Inditex player, the fellow Spanish label is bound to prove a hit with the fash pack.The AestheticIn one sentence? A more luxe, less trend-driven version of Zara. Oh, yeah and we forgot to add... We. Want. Everything.The Price TagNow this is value for money. Yes, the price may have stepped up a notch in comparison to Zara but trust us when we say it's well worth it. Farewell, wages!Grazia Recommends...You need to check out their shoe line. Each and every shoe is handcrafted in Spain and they are utterly beautiful to behold. Think supple leather, velvet and satin juxtaposed against vivid colour palettes and Insta-worthy jewels. We have our eyes on these in particular...Shop now.Designed in Los Angeles and made in Spain - consider Loq a shoe brand which merges the modern with the traditional. And the best part? Solange is a fan. Case closed.The AestheticMinimal-devotees, take note. Loq offers square-toed mules (as spotted in the video for Cranes in the Sky), hole-punch inspired block heels and braid-effect ballerina pumps. We're talking shoes you'd wear to work in the city and which will also take pride of place on your beach holiday wish list.The Price TagGrazia Recommends...If they're good enough for Solange, then they're good enough for us. We have our hearts set on these block heels crafted from supple leather. We'll take a pair in every colour, please.Shop nowStep forward sisters Uxia and Maria Dominguez, the design duo behind Bimba Y Lola. The pair named the Spanish fashion brand after their two pet greyhounds. Expect juxtaposing prints, eye-catching hues and Instagrammable accessories.The AestheticShop the brand for playful prints and jewellery pieces which will prove a talking point at the dinner table.The Price TagThis is designer-meets-affordable-fashion at its best. Look to the store for investment bags and the ideal holiday capsule wardrobe.Grazia RecommendsWe promise you'll bag some serious 'where did you get that?' jewellery pieces. We're talking eclectic shapes, fruity hues and plenty of layering material.Shop nowREAD MORE: Meet Cassie Holland, The Designer Behind 'It' Knit Label HADESREAD MORE: The Best AW17 Fashion Campaigns To Inspire Your Next Season Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Beyoncé may have costume changes, and Celine Dion may have a wardrobe full of couture, but there is only one artist out there who’s stagewear is worth actually paying attention to. Beliebe it or not, it’s ol’ Justin Bieber.As with most child stars, we’ve watched from afar as Biebs has undergone several fashion transformations. The Biebervolution has taken him from floppy-haired prepubescent with little idea about personal style, to quaffed with drop-crotch track pants and rappers chains. However, it was Bieber who relit the fire in tour merch. He changed the game when he appeared on stage during his Purpose tour in his own concert tee that mixed heavy metal graphics with Marilyn Manson pictures and his own tour branding. Kanye evidently took note.But it’s his latest incarnation that has crucially delivered him kudos in the streetwear arena. Though he’s posed in his pants for Calvin Klein, it was Justin Bieber’s recent outing in a Supreme x Louis Vuitton shirt that’s solidified him as a high-end fashion ballplayer.To say Louis Vuitton’s collaboration with Supreme was hyped would be an understatement. When the collection dropped on the weekend, it almost immediately began fetching between $3,000 and $10,000 on eBay. Celebrities like Madonna and 2 Chainz even took to Instagram to show off their swag. But, it’s Bieber who has been a longtime collector of the skate brand that managed to wear his baseball shirts with ease and distinction. It’s not the first time he’s played the part of Supreme fanboy, and we doubt it will be the last.Liked this? You might also be interested in:An In-Depth Examination Of Justin Bieber's Sartorial Choices In 2016Decoding Justin Bieber’s Bonkers Tour RiderJustin Bieber May Have Wet Himself, But He Doesn't Seem To Care. Kudos BiebsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Maria Grazia Chiuri made her debut at Dior earlier this year, as she sent a total of 64 models out into the gardens of the Musée Rodin in Paris. And the rest is history.The former mastermind behind Valentino, Chiuri has already sent Dior hurtling in a whole new direction. And she has left the fashion industry bewildered, as she draws inspiration from the brand's heritage while propelling the French house into the future with feminist tees and clothes for the everyday woman.So yesterday's couture show was of course no exception. While trawling through Christian Dior's archives, the designer noted that just one year after launching precisely 70 years ago, the brand was already selling worldwide. In ode to the man himself, Chiuri opted to design a collection for the everyday woman-on-the-move. No matter where in the world they may be.Cue models wrapped tight in buckled aviator-esque jumpsuits and woollen all-in-ones, their heads shaded from the sun with tilted fedoras propped atop their heads.While others, strode past the foliage and wooden animal figurines in '50s-inspired grey woollen blazers nipped in at the waist, gloves in hand. Drawing from an earthy colour palette, models stepped out in multi-tonal greys, chic camel coats juxtaposed against leopard print and embroidered kimono-inspired outerwear.Snakeskin-effect belts featured alongside detailed fringing and tan loafers - a sartorial combination you would find in an old western movie.There's no denying that Chiuri has once again delivered a collection which pays homage to the brand's history while redefining what it means to dress 'feminine'.Fellow globetrotters, look to the collection as a guide on how to pack for adventure...READ MORE: Everyone Wants To Be Rodarte GirlREAD MORE: The Best AW17 Fashion Campaigns To Inspire Your Next Season Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Okay so they’re not exactly cheap but if you treat yo'self to just ONE bomb swimsuit for summer, let this be it. For Love & Lemons made themselves a ‘thing’ with their bohemian, romantic twist on summer wear; recently adding to their repertoire, they’ve designed some seriously gorgeous swimwear and ohmygodddd I want all of it.Scroll and see these For Love And Lemon absolute babes of swimsuits below…Liked this? You might be interested in…9 Ways To Not Feel Naked On The StreetThe Brand That Invented The Bikini Is RelaunchingCan We Take A Second To Appreciate Kim Kardashian's Bikini CollectionFollow Alya on Instagram @moorizzlaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As leaves change and begin to drop quiet little wallflowers should probably think about staying home, because this season fashion has become seriously bolshy. The last nail in the normcore coffin was finally hammered in as designers sent their models down the catwalk swathed in shocks of pattern, riots of colour and screams of texture. Femininity was celebrated with tailoring that felt soft yet strong at the same time, and the waist being very much in evidence in most collections. In fact, feminism was implicit almost all over, with a brilliant no rules style of dressing making for quiet acts of sartorial rebellion; if an outfit really is a way of speaking without opening your mouth, this season apparently, we will all have a lot to get off our chests.This season designers flicked two fingers up at minimalism and instead embraced excess in many forms. Use of volume was literal at Balenciaga; with the undisputable genius that is Demna Gvasalia celebrating the fashion house’s rich history by referencing Christobal Balenciaga’s canon of superior super-sized structures. Molly Goddard, whose work is clearly inspired by the Spanish master, gave us more hyper-feminine, huge tulle numbers. Meanwhile Alessandro Michele over at Gucci went loud and proud with colour, print and embellishment. The spirit of go-big-or-go-home has never looked so appealing.No, we’re not saying that you should head out dressed in head-to-toe lycra, rather that work wear is well, not just for work anymore, as the catwalk has come over all executive. And it’s no wonder really, from the woman who would have made much better incumbent of the White House and whose pant suits were nothing short of iconic, to ‘Joanne’-era Lady Gaga in her perfectly pink number, suits have been inescapable. And this season, across different catwalks they appeared in many guises: double-breasted at Victoria Beckham, deconstructed at Isabel Marant and nipped in at Stella McCartney, but one thing was clear - trousers should be wide-cut and billowing.As sure as florals will make an appearance in spring, come winter, women across the country will be clamouring to dress like an extra ornament from the Christmas tree, regardless of trend. Happily, this season designers blessed the catwalks with more glitz than backstage at RuPaul’s drag race. And while there is reams of space-age silver out there, it’s the unconventional metallics that have sparked our interest. Continuing with its brilliant disco granny vibe, Gucci showed a collared and cuffed purple metallic dress, that slaps the word ‘basic’ in the face, Sadie Williams used all the crayons in the box for her rainbow, metallic gown, whereas Molly Goddard’s signature voluminous party dress was reimagined in green metallic. Basically, just embrace your inner Quality Street this winter.Of textures that is. Celebrating individuality, this look takes no prisoners, which is funny because it can also be very playful with a real feel of raiding a dressing up box about it, albeit one that's filled with incredibly expensive dresses and wraps. Miuccia Prada sent a model down the catwalk at Prada in a frou-frou hemmed skirt, fringed jacket that used both suede and leathers AND a woolen jumper; then over at Miu Miu she made use of sequins, PVC, fur and beading - all of that was on one girl, and it really worked.Maybe it’s the association with the chilly highlands, or the going-back-to-school-in-a-fresh-new-uniform-nostalgia, but there’s something very autumnal about tartan and check. It’s also a weirdly adaptable fabric, capable of taking on a different personality depending on how it’s cut and styled. Ashley Williams, pairing her bright tartans with hoodies and padded jackets made it youthful and oh so cool. Over at Loewe, Jonathan Anderson had imbued it with a ladylike elegance. The lesson here is that this autumn there’s a tartan out there for every clan.Red can be a tricky colour to wear, there’s something so overtly sexy about it that it can be cringe inducing, which is why it should be handled with care. This spring, pairing scarlet with baby pink softened it and made it more fun. For autumn, things have gotten a little more grown-up, with red combined with a sophisticated maroon at Roksanda or toughened up with leather touches, à la Versace and Alexander McQueen.The hilarious novelty jumper might have been relegated to the ash heap of history but knitwear with personality is well and truly alive. Both Prada and Versace dressed models in neat fitting, knitted pencil skirts and sweaters, with clashing cardigans and tunics layered respectively. Too much wool? Go bold with print instead à la Isabel Marant and Chloé.From navy, via royal, to powder - if you’re not in the red corner, then you will certainly find yourself in the blue. The Christian Dior collection, using tulle, velvet, check and denim, was almost entirely done in shades of blue. Roksanda showed cerulean (or should that be Miranda Priestly?) blue, meanwhile models in electric (Dries Van Noten), rich navy (The Row) and periwinkle (Celine) were in evidence across all fashion weeks.The puffa jacket is all grown up. Quilted rather than padded, this season it comes in silky fabrics (Roksanda), soft shapes (Stella McCartney) and splashed with deconstructed florals (Mulberry).Unashamedly feminine this time around, it works swathed over a casual outfit, yet can be paired with smarter outfits as well, making it a lot easier to wear than its sporty cousin.READ MORE: Jetleisure: This Season's Fashion BuzzwordREAD MORE: 'Dadcore' Decoded: A Fashion Movement Or Passing Fad?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Couture Fashion Week is an exercise in escapism; it’s where designers are unfettered by cost and customers, so think nothing of creating a dress that takes 300-odd hours to sew. With this in mind, Miu Miu, who hosted their recent Resort 2018 show right in the middle of Couture’s calendar had to work hard to steal the spotlight. For Resort is where labels make money, it’s that key mid-season drop of clothes that keeps their tills ringing.Held at the Hôtel de Crillon in Paris and attended by Milla Jovovich, Alexa Chung and Gwendoline Christie, the show opened with a performance by rapper Tommy Genesis. Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid, Joan Smalls, and Jourdan Dunn walked the catwalk in micro jumpsuits embellished with crystals, motocross rompers with Superfly graphics and checkerboard patches, gingham onesies and silky Hawaiian bowling shirts. Amongst all of this, it was the back of Elle Fanning’s neck that stole the show.Beneath the 19-year-old actress’ blonde chignon was a temporary tattoo reading the word ‘Miu Miu’. It begs the question, has we hit peak branding? The star herself even took to Instagram to say she was ‘Branded @miumiu’. With Burberry once again re-embracing its tartan, a decade after it's saturation hit a Daniella Westbrook high, does Fanning's unabashed label-loving signal a dawn of a new unashamed capitalism?Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Haute couture fashion week begun in Paris on Sunday. And there was one show nobody has been able to stop talking about (or Instagramming) since.Imagine Port-Royal Abbey, a prestigious sixteenth century building steeped in history and overgrown flowers. Now, introduce the sartorial magic of the Mulleavy sisters. Yes, American label, Rodarte, made its highly-anticipated debut at couture fashion week yesterday and it was nothing short of breathtaking.Sourcing inspiration from Robert Altman's cinematic success, 3 Women, the design duo played with saccharine palettes, twee frills and gothic florals.Stepping through overgrown blooms, models walked the catwalk with their hair decked in baby's-breath makeshift crowns, some traipsing oversized bouquets behind them in a childlike manner.Petals were sprinkled across models' hair courtesy of Los Angeles-based florist, Joseph free, and decked in bows by Oldie Gilbert. While lobes were having a moment of their own, heavy with oversized jewels.Yet despite the quintessentially Parisian romance, we were reminded of the brand's Los Angeles heritage through knee-skimming Western boots and co-ordinating studded leather ensembles.Models were buckled tight in gold bows, worn over their midriff and through the loopholes of low-slung leather trousers.While others, dressed in wisps of pastel-hued fur and sheer floral-embroidered lace.We couldn't have conjured up anything more ethereally beautiful in our wildest dreams.READ MORE: The Best AW17 Fashion Campaigns To Inspire Your Next Season Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sharing is caring - and I'm nothing if not generous - so I feel it's only right to bestow upon you this crucial piece of clothes-based info: Warehouse is where it's at. ‘Ware-what?! Ware-who?! Ware-where?!’ WAREHOUSE!  Y'know, that place you've sort of written off as being good for overpriced office-y clothes but no good for, say, a slammin' yellow velvet mini dress. You're remembering now, aren't you? But, wait... is that reluctance I sense? I thought as much, which is why I partook in my own personal mannequin challenge, cladding myself in all the wares Warehouse has to offer (wait, is that why it's called that?) in a bid to prove to you wrong. Your life will be forever changed from this point onwards. You're welcome.Swing Back Playsuit, £24, WarehouseLet's all try to ignore the fact that my knees form the face of a furious emoji and avert our gaze upwards a little, shall we? (Upwards higher. Bit higher. Liiiiittle bit higher. HIGHER, PERVERT!) This baby grow (because let's not fuck around, that's absolutely what it is) is my new favourite thing for many a reason. The first: comfort, natch. The second: the food baby possibilities. In gestation terms, I could go from carrying a sesame seed (four-week old foetus, FYI) to carrying a spaghetti squash (22 weeks, say whut?!) and no one would know. The third: the colour, duh.Mix Stripe Shirt, £20, Warehouse This shirt makes me feel all sorts of ways but the most predominant is Taylor Townsend fronting a Colgate commercial. And if you're unfamiliar with Taylor Townsend then I reeeeally suggest educating yourself by binge-watching The O.C., stat. Your life will be forever changed from this point onwards. You're welcome.Slinky Cut Out Midi Dress, £28, WarehouseAs far as clothing colours go, I'd say that green was pretty divisive. But that has not - and, goddammit, WILL NOT - stop me from waxing lyrical about the importance of a very green, very Grecian maxi dress. Make like little ol' me and team yours with slides reminiscent of a Bichon Frise. This dress also provides a pretty ingenious way of displaying your washboard abs, should you have them. (Which I don't.)Super Wide Cut Jeans, £30, WarehouseYou've keeled over, haven't you? Your eyes glanced these perfect pants and you fell off your fucking chair. Same. No, but really - these pants are the most perfect thing I've ever squeezed my ass into and - steady yourself, plz - they're also available in WHITE! That's your summer trous situation sorted, then. (I told you this revelation would be life changing.)Rushed Shell Jersey Vest, £26, Warehouse; Crinkle Wide Leg Trousers, £28, WarehouseHey, you! Yeah, you, in the heavily ruched crop and crushed silk pants! The All Saints called, they want their nineties garb back! If your head is in the twenty-tens (yup, that's apparently what we're calling it) but your heart is in the nineties, I'd really heavily suggest sliding your pins into these v. Melanie Blatt-esque pants. You need them. Never ever have I ever felt so sho'.Crushed Velvet Halter Top, £15, Warehouse Hey, you! Yeah, you, in the asymmetric velvet halterneck dress! Rihanna called, she wants her 2K17 summer style back! Because, let's face it, what is this dress if not very Marques’Almeida? And what is Marques’Almeida if not very Rihanna. One and the same, my friends. One and the same. Now go work, work, work, work, work your fingers to the bone as you frantically add all of the above to basket.Like this? You might also be interested in:Hey Brides, We Tried On Dresses That Will Make Bridesmaids Look CuteWe Tried On Asos' Best Summer Tops For Big Boobs So You Don't Have ToWe Tried On Slinky, Silky Pieces You Can Wear Day Or NightFollow Daisy on Instagram @pieandfashThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A casual equivalent to the high waisted jean, and with the versatility that only denim can offer, mom jeans are baaack and despite some criticism directed their way for being "unflattering," they've quickly made themselves at home in our wardrobes.While we're all for advocating rocking things in your own way, there are a bunch of styling tricks you can adhere to to ensure they're worn in the coolest and most flattering of ways. Scroll and see 9 ways to rock the trend according to some of our fave Insta stylers… 👯A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Nov 12, 2016 at 1:28am PSTWho said mom jeans can't be sexed up? Yes we know it's Emily Ratajowski wearing them here, and basically everything she does is sexed up, whether she means to or not but ANYWAY. Styling trick to take here? Don't be scared to rock a little lacy bodysuit with your mom jeans. Love at first stripe😍: my whirlwind romance with a @ClubMonaco turtleneck and everything we did together in the big 🍎 now on 👉🏼www.camilleovertherainbow.com • #NYcityguide in parnership with #ClubMonacoA post shared by  Camille Charriere (@camillecharriere) on Oct 4, 2016 at 9:49am PDTIt’s easy to style mom jeans up or down, for day or night. Make like Camille and add some interesting textures and stripes to elevate.Proving you don't need to tuck everything in to your mom jeans, Julie of Frenchionista keeps the look relaxed with a free-falling top and long jacket.A floral shirt (one sleeved or off the shoulder is a plus!) is a super cute update to take the look into summer territory. Now if only England's weather would just freaking cooperate for once...There's potentially no cooler way to rock a mom jean than by toughening it up with some studded leather. Add a pair of trainers or some kick ass boots and you'll definitely have taken them out of mom territory. My favorite outfit from #NYFW 📷@ryanbyryanchua  Outfit details 👉http://liketk.it/2pbDG @liketoknow.it #liketkit #LTKxNYFWA post shared by  Jessica Wang (@jessicawang) on Sep 14, 2016 at 4:02pm PDTTuck a pretty top into your mom jeans and add a platform shoe to take it into cute territory. We love this frilled top and blue velvet heel combo. Snow and bear snuggles ❄️A post shared by  Candice Swanepoel (@angelcandices) on Mar 15, 2017 at 8:36pm PDTWe love how Victoria’s Secret model Candice paired her mom jeans with a turtleneck, denim jacket, biker cap and black boots. Straight out of the 90s and pretty freaking bad-ass.A post shared by Kylie ✨ (@kyliejenner) on Jan 14, 2016 at 12:51pm PSTOkay so we know that the Kardashian-Jenners are not necessarily indicative of like... real life or real body shapes or anything BUT bear with us for a second... If Kylie's ass can fit and not look ginormous in mom jeans, then the rest of us can surely pull them off too. Yes, we're sure of it. Running errands today before going away on Monday! Also wearing some new incredible jeans from & Other Stories. I'll write a blog post about them soon and share more images BUT, they're amazing! True to size, gorgeous thick denim and high waisted. ❤️ @liketoknow.it #liketkit http://liketk.it/2rJ3tA post shared by  Lizzy Hadfield (@shotfromthestreet) on Jun 17, 2017 at 8:12am PDTAnd for when mom jeans just won’t cut it… There’s a fine line between mom jean and straight legged jeans but when they look this good who's keeping track?We've rounded up our pick of some of the best mom jeans. Click through to shop below...Like this? You may be interested in...A Celebrity Illustrated History Of All The Jeans We Wore In The 2000sThe Best White Jeans In The Shops Right NowYou Can Now Shop Your Favourite Celebrity Wardrobes On DepopFollow Alya on Instagram @moorizzlaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Being a 20-something slave to seasonal trends (no judgements pls) means a build-up of perfectly-good-but-I'm-over-it threads. Since your little sister doesn't do hand-me-downs anymore (apparently, she's adult-ing now), your search for eco-friendly clothes cull methods is being bumped up to top priority.It’s more important than ever to give thought to our buying and throwing behaviours when it comes to fashion. Young Green, Florence Pollock says that ‘fast fashion contributes to environmental destruction – some dyes used poison both rivers and production workers, air miles are associated with the distribution of the stock and eventually, landfills are bursting with cheap clothing’. Jeez. With that in mind, here are five of the best ways to keep you on the side of a happier earth…News just in says that Zara has joined H&M at their in-store recycling party and you’re invited. What’s in-store recycling? The idea that we should be wholly interested in extending the life span of our clothes, even when we’re done with them. Once you’ve donated your pre-loved style, Zara collabs with non-profit organisations (Red Cross if you’re in the UK) where ‘your clothes will be recycled, turned into new fabrics, donated or sold through second hand retail channels to fund their social projects’.Find your nearest participating store here.It’s a total misconception that ‘thrifting’ is reserved for tumeric latte drinkers in East London. Turns out that the search for second-hand steals in charity and vintage shops has taken a mainstream turn that makes a sustainable sweet spot. For one, it reduces the demand for buying new clothes and secondly, it puts your done-with garms on the radar of thrifty stores. Emma from Fara nods to this: ‘Donating is as easy as buying, many people buy an outfit from FARA for an event then re-donate it. This way you can create a more sustainable cycle and reduce your carbon footprint whilst contributing to the welfare of the unprivileged children in the charities care’. Preach.Yep yep, Depop – the social feed-style shopping community app – is having a renaissance. Curating a mega shop front in a creative way means awakening the Pinterest board obsessive inside of you whilst making a whole lorra £££ from the cyber fashion spirit animals you never knew you had. Tip: promote your ‘shop’ on your Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter for extra hits.If I’m honest, the word ‘customise’ sends my mind back to tweenager years spent experimenting with safety pins and low-cut armholes. An important coming-of-age moment, course, but one I want to re-visit? Absolutely not. Enter the good ole internet and you’ve got an unbelievable progression into modified clothing worthy of their own line. Pinterest is a serious gold mine for this – start by searching ‘DIY fashion’, grab a cuppa and get lost in craft.Sure, the initial thought of a clothes swap feels a little icky but do it right and you’ve got yourself retail therapy that won’t touch your overdraft. If you link up to your local pub/community centre/town hall swap, you can expand your style lens while simultaneously meeting potential new mates. If you host your own, you can bless your girl group with the items they’ve borrowed a million times this year over a couple (hundred) bottles of vino.Like this? You might also be interested in...5 Easy Ways To Make Money On The SideHow To Live The Hipster Dream When You've Got No MoneyHow To Be Fashionably Ethical And Economical (For Beginners)Follow Joanna on Instagram @JoannarKyteThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’ve taken a detour to the swimwear section of the ASOS site on a recent lunch break (no judgement here) you might have noticed that something has changed. Instead of airbrushing perfectly normal stretch marks into oblivion - as per the fashion industry norm – the online store has chosen to feature images where so-called ‘tiger stripes’ can be clearly seen, and we’re all for it.Social media users were quick to spot the change and hail it as a step in the right direction, commending the retailer’s move as ‘amazing’ and ‘impressive.’ Others said that seeing images like this would help them to embrace their own bodies, rather than remaining hung up on self-perceived flaws.‘Thank you SO much for not getting rid of her stretchmarks, she’s stunning & this will help girls embrace theirs, I am!’ one Twitter user wrote.‘ASOS not editing out girls’ stretch marks on their swimwear photos is giving me so much life, look how beautiful they all are,’ added another.For others, however, this concession to body positivity did not go far enough, with some pointing out that the site is still showcasing extremely slim bodies that fall within a very narrow ideal of beauty. ‘Thoroughly unimpress[ed] by this thin white model with enough stretch marks to count on one hand,’ was one such criticism.ASOS joins the ranks of retailers who have taken a stand against airbrushing, such as Aerie and US label Target.READ MORE: The Scientific Reason Why You Should Follow Plus Size Models On InstagramREAD MORE: The Role Models: Naomi Shimada© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This month our shopping editor is eyeing up a cutout swimsuit, sporty flared pants and a stylish pink co-ord...Keep cool by the pool in this swimsuit from Matthew Williamson. A flattering shape, just the right support, and it’s in our go-to shade of black - we want in.Butterfly by Matthew Williamson Cutout Swimsuit, £42 from Lipsy.Net-A-Porter have teamed up with fashion editor Polly's favourite brand Ellery to launch an 11-piece capsule collection. We want it all, but we had to pick our favourite, and so we've fallen for these sporty super flares. Wear them with black sandals and an oversize white shirt to ooze luxe vibes.Ellery, Lovedolls Satin-trimmed Crepe Flared Pants, £640 from Net-A-Porter.These two tone mules from Office have got us day dreaming of Parisian style skinny jeans, white tee's and oversized blazers. Are you getting the picture?!Monochrome Point Mules Nude Black Leather, £65 from Office.We're quite into a co-ord, and this combo from Paper London is a super cool way to do occasion dressing come wedding season. Style this duo with all-white or cool gold accessories.Top, £178 from Paper London, Trousers, £198 from Paper London.Every season, London based fashion designer Ashish makes the audience at his catwalk show cheer and whoop with happiness, and we did the same when we spotted this sequin shopper - are you ready to sparkle?!Striped sequin-embellished bag, £485 from Ashish.These satin sandals are the perfect outfit updater. Wear them with your boyfriend jeans or your black summer dress to instantly update your look.Sandals, £29.99, ZaraCheck out the rest of our editor's picks in the gallery below:Blazer, £250, Trousers, £125 both from Reiss. Update your summer workwear wardrobe with this suit - choose a block heel to elongate legs.Grazia shopping edit - 13th June2of8Blazer, £250, Trousers, £125 both from Reiss. Update your summer workwear wardrobe with this suit - choose a block heel to elongate legs.Gingham print is all over the place this summer, so jump on the trend with a flattering dress.Gingham Dress, £25 from Nasty GalAmanda Jumpsuit, £130 from BodenDon't fear the jumpsuit - if it hasn't made it into your wardrobe yet then try this one for size. Wear with black heels and a flash of red lipstick - perfect for doing dressy without the dress.Oaxaca M, £60 from Zocalo ChicThese totes made from handwoven recycled plastic support local communities of weavers in Mexico. Chic and ethical.Speedmaster 38 Co-Axial Chronograph £5,920 from OmegaYou're going to have to dig deep, but if you're due a new investment piece, this watch should be at the top of the list.Kitsch 'Kini, £60 from Love StoriesDid you know lingerie brand Love Stories also has a range of swimwear? We're head over heels for this super-cute bikini.Jacket, £165, bodysuit, £40, shorts, £135, sandals, £175, and belt, £75 all from Sessùn.How to do all-white for your summer vacay - and if the short shorts aren't for you, go for a white sundress with the same tan accessories.FLY Knot Slider Shoes, £35 from TopshopHow comfy do these look? Pair with everything, from your printed summer dress to boyfriend jeans - just add a flashy pedi (we're thinking coral, FYI).READ MORE: What Our Shopping Editor Is Buying This Month: April EditionREAD MORE: The 8 Items That Will Revive Your Spring WardrobeREAD MORE: The Secret Zara Section You Probably Never Knew ExistedREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not to give London’s China White the same level of importance as the iconic Studio54 or anything but (bear with us for a second,) there are some venues that become a little microcosm of the world around them. China White, in the early 2000s, was exactly that, ushering in everyone from the Z to the A list through their doors and making many a headline in the process.Let’s cast our minds back to a time many, many moons ago, long before selfies, before the entire night out was catalogued on Insta Stories and / or Snapchat... A time where Z-A list celebrities roamed freely without the offending paparazzi photos. Oh, wait…Potentially can’t get more early 2000’s than Simon Webb from boyband Blue rocking a questionable head to toe denim look and white beret. We’d ask WHYYY Simon but we’re afraid he probably wasn’t all that out of place in 2003…You know how Prince Harry is considered the party animal of the royal family? China White played a preeeetty big role in the forming of this stereotype.Question: If social media existed in the early 2000's would Hugh Heffner and his Playboy bunnies ever have been a “thing” or would the girls simply have uploaded thousands of selfies onto Instagram and created their own multi-million person followings? Errmm.. probably the latter, tbh.You can tell Katie Price was still Jordan by those boobs and that teeny, teeny, tiny belt she’s wearing as a skirt. Well played on the re-birth, Jords.The year was circa 2003 and that outfit…. very 2003.Ohmygaaa, we had almost forgotten all about Atomic Kitten which would have been a real shame considering how very, very good Whole Again was and that they’re about to embark on a reunion tour which we will probably not be attending but hey we can always reminisce.From Gavin Henson’s blazer and tie over jeans look (can we just take a moment to say THANK YOU men of 2017 for not attempting to pull this off) to Charlotte Church’s dress and bleached bob, this whole thing is so painfully early 2000s we can hardly force ourselves to look away.Aaaand sometimes celebrities fall in love and stay that way. Noel Gallagher and his now wife Sara Mcdonald were pictured looking super adorbs and pretty happy with each other at China White’s reopening party in 2009. They got married a couple of years later and have been together ever since. They even seem to have avoided ageing. Impressive.It was the year before Rosie Huntingdon-Whiteley officially became a Victoria’s Secret model, and she was still only a little known, albeit with very big potential. Here, she rocks the 2009 version of the “going out top,” currently making a comeback on high streets and Instagram feeds the world over.Because it’s not a party / lifestyle / thing worth mentioning unless Kate Moss is involved.Liked this? You might also be interested in: 10 Iconic Atomic Kitten Looks You And Your Friends Definitely Wore At Some Point8 Photos Of Victoria And David Beckham From A Decade Ago That Show Just What A Different World It Was These Nostalgic Insta Accounts Have Us Constantly Double TappingFollow Alya on Instagram @moorizzlaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...During the mid-2000s, we all lost the plot a bit. Fashion-wise, in any case. Besides all the Juicy Couture that dominated one-half of schoolyard culture (Juicy is back too, btw), there was emo. Those of us who participated were instantly recognisable by our poker-straight side fringes, sweatbands, skinny jeans, red and black stripes...you knew emo when you saw it, regardless of how hard it was to actually define. It was so mainstream, so well-understood that Fall Out Boy was on the radio, and the Daily Mail had themselves a moral panic about the ‘self-harm cult’. It was embarrassing; it was fleeting and, what we often forget, it was a whole lot of fun.But fear not: emo is back. Paramore is back touring and has a new album. Emo nights exist up and down the country, zines are dedicated to it, and we’re talking about and sharing it more than we have in the ten years since the scene died. I’ve even seen some kids who were hardly alive the first time around with ‘coon tails and MCR t-shirts, but this isn’t about them. This is about us, the OG emos, the ones who knew and enjoyed it way back when MSN was a thing, and Myspace occupied our after-school hours. It’s finally acceptable to talk about emo again, so let’s dip our toes in the nostalgia pool and talk about all the things you can only possibly know if you were (or are!) an emo kid. I’ve handily divided it up by emotions, because that is, well, extremely emo.Emo was and is very silly and melodramatic, but you know what? It’s also a whole lot of fun. The first time around, I had the time of my life fully immersing myself in the music and the scene. I stopped myself loving it for a few years, convinced that it was the only way to grow up and move on. But, I was wrong. One listen of Taking Back Sunday again, and I realised how foolish I was. There is still honestly nothing better than getting in a room full of former emos and screaming at the top of your lungs. Line up an incredibly emosh playlist on Spotify, and get involved. Sing, scream, scribble the lyrics on your notebooks. The world is a terrifying, brutal place right now, which, as sad as it is, is the perfect emo storm.Back in the day, I would become mates with someone purely because we both had heavy black eyeliner and a pessimistic outlook. After so long being the only little emo at your school, finding someone who just got it was a feeling like no other. It’s still the same now. For those ex-emos amongst us, there’s nothing better than making friends and then finding out that yes, they too once harboured a side fringe and a grudge against their parents. If your friends are all normal fully functioning adults who never felt any kind of aching need to draw fanart of Gerard Way kissing Frank Iero, I don’t really know what to say to you. EXCEPT ABANDON THEM RIGHT AWAY. If she doesn’t know ‘mics are for singing not for swinging’, she’s no pal of mine.My very first gig alone was Yellowcard, and after that it was Fall Out Boy, closely followed by Panic! At the Disco in the same year. As a young emo you spent most of your time and emotional energy on music. Copying out lyrics, endlessly Googling your favourite musicians, editing collages of them, contacting them on Myspace, then getting together the money to actually see them live. It was special. It was something to look forward to. It was something to dissect and remember and revisit for years. I have spent collective weeks bruised from being crushed up against stage barriers sweating and screaming. That might sound like hell, but I don’t regret a second of it. While the show was enough on its own, if you caught a pick, or a drumstick, or grabbed a singer’s sweaty hand that was that extra bit more special.The saddest thing about being emo was that most of us were too young to drink legally. We could go to shows, sure, but we couldn’t get the full experience. If you’re still feeling sad about this, I can guarantee you that there is some kind of alt/emo/mid-2000s night near you. Emo Nite LA is the king of dedicated emo nights, but until they come to the UK (which should be very soon), you have a tonne of great options. Emo Disco is the UK’s only dedicated club night, and they tour all over. Emo nights are an opportunity to scream, to drink, to cry, to indulge your most base desires among like-minded people. It might feel like a regression, but you owe it to your 13-year-old self.Trying to decide whether, ‘yOu CoUlD sLiT mY tHrOaT && WiTh My OnE LaSt GasPiNg BrEaTh // I’d ApOlOgIsE fOr BlEeDiNg On YoUr ShIrT’ or, ‘[don’t apologise]//[I hope you choke and die]’ best sums up just how you’re feeling about the boy you’ve been flirting with over Myspace was an absolute chore. It was essentially subtweeting before Twitter existed. It always ended with you either broadcasting to everyone just how sad you were or bragging about how you loved a band more than anyone else did. Either way, it was performative, braggy, had zero chill and was extremely difficult to get right.If someone had autoplay music on their Twitter account, I would divorce them. Somehow, though, hearing the opening lines of Jude Law and a Semester Abroad by Brand New every time I went on someone’s page had the opposite effect. It was, again, an extremely indulgent way to publically express yourself. It was a very personal choice. And it could absolutely, never in a million years, be the same as one of your friend’s.Despite a very limited fashion and music scope, 90% of being emo was the exquisite pain of choosing just how to express yourself that day. Be it through Myspace, the shows you went to or the clothes you wore, it was all about self-expression. The wrong band T-shirt or striped sweatband had the potential to throw an entire day off kilt, and you never wanted to dress like your friends. But, you also didn’t want to be too different from them. Getting your side fringe to stay flat, making sure your eyeliner didn’t smudge too much and that your black clothing didn’t get washed out in the laundry was a minefield. Emo was basically all about making decisions about expressing your feelings externally, and I won’t hear otherwise.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...9 Cuuute Earrings For Under 9 Quid For Your Cartilage Piercing Are We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Follow Marianne on Twitter @marianne_eloiseThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Let’s be frank – Hawaiian shirts have long been seen as the uniform of dads abroad. Much worse than socks with sandals (at least men with Velcro-fastened footwear don’t class themselves as ‘hip’), more offensive than combat trousers (even the type where you can zip the legs off to air the calves), and heinous in comparison to an ‘invisible’ money pouch that you stuff down said combat trousers. Or are they?Take Leonardo DiCaprio in Romeo & Juliet. A story of woe it might be, but even the Capulets couldn’t deny that the dashing young Montague in that Hawaiian number was something of a sartorial pioneer. Then there’s Winston Bishop, my favourite character on New Girl, who loves a Hawaiian shirt almost as much as his cat Ferguson. Moving swiftly on to French model Constance Jablonski, who recently Instagrammed herself in none other than a Hawaiian shirt knotted at the waist. Naturally, it looked Magnifique.Lest you think this is a look exclusively for supermodels and star-crossed lovers, you should know that the high street has plenty of tempting options. Mango has three short-sleeved shirts that come embroidered with banana leaves, printed with striped parasols and generally look like St Barts on a blouse, while H&M has a style that will give pause to the most truculent Tiki-shirt-haters. It’s silky for starters, and looks more like a pyjama top printed with a scene from Moana than anything you’d find on board a cruise ship.Still not sold? These five ways to style out Hawaiian shirts might just convince you.Perhaps not one for the office – you might find yourself grimacing after the 10th person quips, ‘still in pyjamas, are we?’ – but you’d be surprised how a pair of loudly printed trousers can take the edge off a Hawaiian shirt. This shell-pink one from Mango is an upgrade from your traditional palm tree prints, and doesn’t have a hint of Jim Carrey in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective about it.It’s a truth universally acknowledged that us Brits will spend summer looking like a sheepish pack of lobsters. One idea is to cover whatever skimpy piece of cotton you’re calling a “dress” with your Hawaiian shirt. If you can bear it, I’d suggest something that reaches the mid-calf like this textured dress from Nanushka that, now you mention it, looks rather like a grass skirt.People are wary of dungarees, and they are excessively annoying if you have a small bladder, but somehow they make a Hawaiian shirt look cool in an un-ironic way. Avoid wearing with flip-flips unless you want people to ask you where you’ve stashed your surf board. Something smart like gold loafers or Converse trainers will soon shut them up.I bought this shirt for a tenner at a vintage market stall and have been waiting about a year to find something it goes with. Enter this sunny-side-up skirt from Sea that brings out the primrose-yellow on my shirt a treat and, hopefully, makes it look like less of a printed sack. Whatever yours is patterned with – hibiscus, conch shells, a friendly turtle or two – pick a similar colour and it’ll make it pop.This is sailing dangerously close to Tom Selleck in Magnum P.I., but at least it’s something different to the type of wafty kaftans that make people ask if you’re expecting. Tying it to reveal a hint of tummy – note how high my skirt is pulled up to conceal as much pale skin as possible – is a tip from straight from Constance Jablonski so blame her if it backfires.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Nars Has Expanded Its Orgasm RangeWhat Happens When You Try And Wear Trend Pvc Mules For A Full Day At WorkIt’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs NowFollow Natalie on Instagram @nataliehammondThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yesterday River Island announced that they would be collaborating with Ashish on a small collection that will be released later this year. Ashish Gupta is a London designer who has been showing collections at LWF since 2005. His designs combine sport with sequins in a perfect fusion, taking sports-luxe to a whole new glamorous level. The River Island Design Forum has been commissioning new designers to create limited edition collections since 2012. Although the brand has brought in guest designers before, this will be their first gender-neutral collection of any sort. The collaboration is scheduled to debut during London Fashion Week in September and will exclusively be available on River Islands website.The collection is made up of 15 pieces, ranging from dresses to outerwear and PJs, meaning we can wear the collaboration for every occasion, even in bed. One of our favourite elements of Ashish’s designs are his funny and at times provocative slogans, and it looks like he may be gracing us with some more. Tongue and cheek mottos are a theme of the new collection as fridge magnet style lettering and phrases such as 'sick of all this chic' and “good in bed' (we’re guessing on the pyjamas) are combined together for a playful and quirky vibe. Gupta said, in an interview with Vogue, that the t-shirts 'are so lol' that he will be gifting them to his friends.Although there are no photo’ as of yet, River Island has released four beautiful illustrations of Ashish’s designs, giving us a taste of what the collaboration has in store for our wardrobes. These images perfectly visualise Ashish’s description of the collection as ‘something lazy and a bit dreamy’ and clearly reflect the ‘easy-wear concept’.In the past, Ashish has collaborated with Topshop on many occasions always bringing the perfect amount of quirkiness to each piece, so we’re looking forward to see how he collaborates with RI. Prices will range from £30 to £180 as Gupta commented that it is great to make the prices more assessable for everyone.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Birkenstock X Colette. The Shoe Collab We Didnt Know We WantedRihanna Secretly Debuted Her New Shoe Collection, And No One NoticedSee Mains London Aka Skepta’s First Ever Fashion CollectionFollow Gemma on Twitter @gemmafaithfullThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When the Indian Prime Minister visited the White House in 2010, Michelle Obama’s choice of outfit for the ensuing state dinner was a ‘sterling-silver sequin, abstract floral, nude strapless gown’—a description courtesy of its Indian-American designer, Naeem Khan. But whose ‘nude’ was he referring to? The peachy-pink dress certainly didn’t share its colour with the skin of the African-American First Lady. When the Associated Press subsequently christened the dress as ‘flesh’-coloured (a description they later changed to ‘champagne’), it was clear that something as simple as the colour of a dress was making a larger comment on race, microaggressions, and the way the existence of black and brown women is often excluded from the fashion industry.‘Nude’ has long been synonymous with white skin, something that in turn has become a comment on the fraught racial politics of history. Two years ago, an online petition forced the Merriam-Webster dictionary to change the definition of ‘nude’ to ‘having the colour of a white person’s skin’, similarly, in the wake of the Civil Rights Movement, Crayola changed the name of its pale pink crayon from ‘Flesh’ to ‘Peach’ in the 1960s. In spite of the mixed racial demographics of both the US and the UK, whiteness is often viewed as the default to which we are all expected to defer. It’s why every high-street make-up counter has dozens of shades for white skin but none for black, and why professional make-up artists can cheerfully tell non-white models they ‘don’t have anything for [their] skin’ backstage at fashion shows. It’s why bandages and plasters come in shades of peach, and why parents can’t find dolls that aren’t white in department stores. It’s why fans are outraged when the heroes in their books are played by people of colour in film, TV or theatre—if a character isn’t explicitly described as black or brown, the world sees them as white. From pop culture to kids’ toys, people of colour and their own shades of ‘nude’ have been an afterthought at best and, at worst, simply not existed at all.Inspired by the lack of options available these women are trying to change things. For a long time, it has been difficult for black and brown women to find tights and underwear in shades that match their own skin. Bras and pants in peach nude tones have always sold in large numbers—something that implies darker tones would sell equally well—and nude tights for white women are having something of a resurgence. Bucking any ‘frumpy’ narratives or connotations, more and more women are looking to cover their legs with a sheer material. In 2011, Debenhams announced the Royal Wedding led to a 65% rise in the sales of sheer tights, and a year later ASDA claimed their sales of ‘skin-coloured’ tights had increased by 500 percent in the wake of Kate Middleton’s newly raised profile. Alongside leading tights retailer M&S (that sells around one in three of the pairs sold in the UK) reporting hosiery sales have been rising in the UK, the US hosiery market has grown too, and luxury brands like Wolford and Mayfair have also risen in profile. Business insiders attribute much of this growth to the female, Millenial market. A growing number of black and brown female graduates working in business environments want to buy tights in their own shades of nude, and over the last few years, there are finally places where they can do so.29-year-old Australian-born Tahlia Gray has just launched Sheer Chemistry, a London-based hosiery brand that ‘celebrates the diverse beauty of women of all shades of brown’. Describing her move to New York as a recent graduate, she tells me ‘I imagined finding [nude tights] would be easy. But every time I entered a department store I was disappointed that I could only find shades of beige, all labelled “nude”, but never my nude. I then found myself becoming frustrated by the lack of hosiery products available for women of colour. Not seeing myself represented forced me to question whether my beauty was valid, and why none of these brands had taken the time to create a product that catered to me. As an affirmation to myself and other women of colour who’ve experienced the same struggle, I decided to create a hosiery brand dedicated to celebrating and validating the diverse beauty of women of all shades of brown; one which empowers women to feel confident and gorgeous in their own skin.’Launching Sheer Chemistry earlier this month at the W Hotel in Soho (where the tights will be sold exclusively until 7th July), Tahlia has already received feedback from around the world. ‘Public reaction has been very positive,’ she says. ‘It’s fascinating how many women of colour have such an emotional connection with tights, and we often end up sharing stories about “American Tan” and the embarrassing beige-colour tights that we’ve all worn at some point in our lives. I have also been very humbled by women who have approached me to thank me (in person and online) for making a product and brand for them that represents their beauty, and am very passionate about bringing greater diversity to the hosiery market and providing women of all shades of brown with much-needed choice. We’re working hard to get our products into shops and department stores so that we are accessible for all. While there have been several other brands cropping up over the past few years, this still remains an underserved market where there is plenty of room for Sheer Chemistry, and others, to flourish.’Tahlia is right: despite new (and old) brands attempting to fill the gaps, the options available for nude items of clothing that aren’t a pale pink are still heavily neglected. While Debenhams and M&S both sell a couple of pairs of ‘chocolate’ tights on their websites, it’s still slim pickings in comparison to the array of nude tones for white skin. The charge for more inclusive fashion is instead being led by smaller brands, often set up by young black and brown women who are similarly fed up with their lack of options. French brand Gerbe and Italian Levante have been quietly offering more diverse options, while Swiss-based Congolese mum-of-two Nadine Njoko Peiske set up Own Brown last year. Across the pond, US underwear brand Naja made headlines last year with its ‘Nude For All’ campaign, Nude Barre offers sixteen shades of nude hosiery, and Chantal Carter Taylor’s Love & Nudes became the ‘first Canadian brand of lingerie marketed to women of colour’ in 2016. In the UK we have Falke, that couples dark browns with colours from all over the rainbow, as well as 2015 Apprentice runner-up Bianca Miller’s own name brand. However, the most well known of all of the so-called diverse nude brands is Nubian Skin, with its hosiery, lace lingerie, basic underwear, and shoes—all in various shades of brown.‘Nubian Skin was essentially born out of frustration’ says Ade Hassan, the woman behind the brand. ‘When I first started the business, “nude” lingerie and hosiery for women of colour was something I simply could not find. I’d go into a shop and ask for ‘nude’ and they’d offer me black, or something that might as well have been lime green because it did not match my skin-tone. Ever since we launched there have been quite a few smaller brands that have popped up with a similar concept and some larger brands that have added a ‘mocha’ to their collection. What is worrying is when large brands order all our colours, or as in one case, ask to collaborate with us on a project—but then produce items at a cheaper price point because they have the economies of scale to do so, or replicate our colours as an original idea without crediting us. In a lot of these cases, the brands see offering multiple skin-tones as a trend to score some points with. Still, business is going well so far—we’re now stocked in leading department stores and boutiques in nine countries over four continents.’Business is going more than well for Nubian Skin: after the first images of their lace lingerie collection went viral in 2014, the brand has been seen on everyone from model Jourdann Dunn to Beyoncé and her backup dancers on the singer’s  mega-selling Formation tour. Last week, Ade Hassan announced she’s to receive an MBE for ‘services to fashion’. When the Queen gets involved, surely the calls for diverse ‘nude’ clothing have reached some sort of critical mass?Perhaps not. Despite Ade and Nubian Skin’s success, and the many other brands popping up doing similar things, the market remains niche. I can’t walk into the nearest shop and find tights or underwear that matches my skintone, and for women of colour who are plus size, the options are even smaller. While some of the brands mentioned here have been listening to calls to expand their range of sizes (Nubian Skin launches their larger sizes this year), things still aren’t easy. Bravissimo’s ‘mocha’ Alana bra is the only nude-ish brown bra I’ve heard of that went up to a K cup, but it came in one specific shade of brown, and now it’s sold out. For people of colour who are trans and gender non-conforming, things can be even more difficult. Buying underwear while experiencing gender dysphoria can’t be easy, but binders—sports bra-like underwear that flattens your breasts—have only become available in nude tones over the last year. In the spring of 2016, gc2b came out with their nude binders, while FLAVNT’s ‘bareskin binders’ were launched in the autumn, following a successful crowdfunding campaign.Looking at the websites of all the brands, the one thing that struck me was the way each site had an ‘Our Story’ or ‘About Us’ tab explaining what prompted them to launch their business. The stories were depressingly similar—people who felt excluded by the mainstream decided to stop waiting and create something they needed by themselves—but in many ways, it gave me a lot of hope. The things we wear under our clothes can be just as important as the things we wear over them, and ‘nude’ needs to come in more colours than the pinky-beige it has been restricted to for so long. Our clothing options need to be as intersectional as our society is—let’s hope that we’re on the way to getting there.Like this? You might also be interested in:The Best Foundations For Dark Skin: Tried And TestedIn Defence Of Wearing Tights All Winter Long Can You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion Follow Bridget on Twitter @bridgetminamoreThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Before you cry, 'But it's only June!' please let us explain. Yes, it may seem premature to be planning our autumn/winter wardrobes but when Zara drops a new line, we shop it.And the Spanish fashion giant knows exactly what it's doing. It turns out, we can totally wear the collection right now. Still don't believe us? Take a look at Grazia's favourites...Next time you head to the high street, keep an eye out for linen. It's everywhere this season. And on the top of our list is this must-have trench from Zara's new collection.Linen Trench, £69.99, ZaraSimply layer over a crisp white shirt and blue raw-hem jeans on cooler days. Team with a cross-body bag and backless loafers.Everyone needs a staple faux leather jacket. Fact. So look no further than Zara's newbie. Or if you'd prefer a more winter-proof cover-up, the label has just relaunched one of our old favourites...Biker Jacket, £49.99, ZaraTeam the biker with a floral dress during the summer months then trade the look for distressed jeans and a chunky knit come winter (but let's try not to dwell on that for now)...The kimono is undoubtedly one of the most talked about items of the moment. And it's hardly surprising, as Mango is also a major player when it comes to the trend.Long Constrasting Kimono, £79.99, ZaraLayer Zara's latest must-have over your bikini on cool summer evenings or wear as a dress and accessorise with supersized earrings.We can't help but think this number sought inspiration from our school P.E. kit. Note: it seems Zara is hinting that athleisure is ready to see in yet another season.Block Jacket, £49.99, ZaraWe'll be sporting the jacket with Birkenstocks this summer and box-fresh trainers come September. Think of it as an investment.Yes, we can only justify splurging our payday earnings in the name of the workplace. And a blazer is just the excuse we were looking for.Roll-Up Sleeve Jacket, £69.99, ZaraWhen shopping for transeasonal office staples, look to navy and khaki hues. We'll be pairing this number with peplum-hem trousers and a crisp white shirt.READ MORE: 11 Of The Best Pieces In The Mango SaleREAD MORE: The Must-Have Pieces From The Zara Sale© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Pattern, pattern and more pattern is Rixo’s aison d’'être. In the few short years, the London-based label has been around, it’s established itself as a go-to label for vintage-inspired prints and dresses with flair, function and a touch of fabulousness. Whether you’re heading to brunch with friends, bossing it in the boardroom or dancing to cheesy pop tunes at a wedding, it’s Camellia dress has a do-everything appeal that’s hard to ignore. Keen to see if this cult number lives up to its appeal, I tried it on for size…Like an absolute dream. Though the neckline dips too low for a bra, I don’t feel exposed. In fact, with the full-length skirt and sleeves, the dress feels demure.Using dark undertones, Rixo’s vivid abstract print, which riffs on Mattise’s cut-outs, strikes a rebellious note. It’s easy to cross-pollinate with tough or cute accessories – think how Kate Moss it will look with a leather jacket or how refined with a clutch and stilettos. Though this print is anything but shy and retiring, it is what makes this piece so darn versatile.The fact that this dress is made out of 100% silk goes a long way to explaining its price. However, there is much more to this piece than a dry clean only swing tag and a delighting print. With a lined bodice, elegant blouson sleeves, pleats and slits, it’s hidden details prove it’s a dress that’s made with a real women’s figure and curves in mind.Camellia Dress V Neck Pleated Midi Dress With Front Side Splits, £295.00, Rixo Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Much like a statement cossie, look-at-me specs are paramount when it comes to holiday packing this season. But where to start? You’ve got your La La Land yellow specs. Chic Audrey-style sunglasses. ‘90s grunge oval shades...We could go on.But as any seasoned sunglasses-wearer will know, that oh-so Instagrammable pair you’ve spotted on your social feed may not look as delightful IRL. Why? You could be wearing the wrong style for your face shape.‘Picking the perfect pair of sunglasses is a challenge,’ Hugo Taylor tells Grazia, co-founder and creative director of unisex eyewear brand Taylor Morris. ‘Often one can select based off current trends, to match one’s outfit or in the worst case because you have picked up what you have found lying around. My advice is always to pick by your face shape first and foremost. Then once you have found the style you like you can then find the colour way to suit your complexion or hair colour.’‘Investing in a good pair of sunglasses is mandatory,’ Hugo adds. ‘Like a reliable pair of fine leather boots or a cashmere jumper, they should last forever.’Hunting for the perfect pair of statement-making sunglasses? Hugo Taylor talks us through the most flattering styles to choose from for your face shape…‘A square face shape requires a frame which will flow with the regularity and add visual rhythm,’ according to Taylor. ‘Emphasis can be brought to the beautiful straight lines of the forehead and brow by wearing a frame with points and curves. Our RollRight is ideal for this. Its distinctive gold skeleton and brow bar will work perfectly.’'Oval faces are slightly longer than they are wide, with few sharp angles and cheekbones at the widest part of the face,’ Hugo says. ‘My suggestion is to therefore add some contrast and emphasis with a slightly larger frame.'‘A person with a heart-shaped face will have a long and pointed jawline, with the chin being the smallest point of their face,’ says Hugo. ‘Imagine a triangle flipped upside down on one point. Thus I always recommend a round frame to provide balance, like our ZER0 with flat mirror lenses.’‘Oblong faces, or “rectangular” as it is sometimes called, are similar to oval and square-shaped faces. The only difference is, the face is longer and less wide,’ Hugo tells us. ‘Your forehead, cheeks and jawline should all be pretty much the same width. I recommend matching the shape with a rectangular and regular frame. It looks very smart and effortless.’For a playful pop of colour, shop our edit below of the best tinted sunglasses from Topshop, Taylor Morris, Mango and more…Crimson lens sunglasses, £170, Taylor Morris Coloured Lens Sunglasses - Grazia 2of12Crimson lens sunglasses, £170, Taylor Morris Tortoiseshell round robbinson sunglasses, £150, KALEOS Aviator sunglasses, £15.99, Mango Vito square-frame gold-tone and acetate sunglasses, £295, Sunday SomewhereRose gold tinted mirrored lenses, £9.99 La ModaMetal oval sunglasses, £14, TopshopYellow coloured lens aviators, £12, ASOS Round sunglasses with yellow coloured lens, £12, ASOSHeart sunglasses, £295, Tom DaviesPink coloured lens aviators, £395, Tom DaviesTinted VREDEFORT sunglasses, £150, Taylor MorrisZERO retro round glasses, £210, Taylor Morris READ MORE: The Rise Of 'Dadcore' Fashion 2.0  READ MORE: 11 Must-Have Items To Shop In Zara's Epic Summer Sale © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You say ‘Very’, and I think Myleene Klass. And there's nothing wrong with Myleene, but she's not always my first port of call as a style icon. So, imagine my surprise when I discovered just how diverse Very actually is. In fact, it’s a treasure trove of untapped, affordable fashion that’s very (sorrynotsorry) cool. Scroll and see…Like this? Then you might also be interested in:IF YOU’RE A ZARA ADDICT, YOU’LL LOVE THESE 11 ITEMS FROM UTERQÜE12 PIECES THAT PROVE SPACE IS THE NEXT BIG TREND14 DRESSES TO LAYER NOW, WEAR BARE LATERFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Minimalism is so last season. Hot on the SS17 agenda? Celebrating all things Big, Bold, Bright and Beautiful. Think colourful pom-pom earrings, unexpected palette pairing in abundance (in case you were wondering blue and orange is the new pink and red RN) and colour-yourself-happy ensembles. But for those who are a little bored of hearing about La La Land yellow, there is a new ‘It’ hue in town, courtesy of the street style set (and Her Majesty The Queen AKA our all-time style hero)…We predict to be seeing a lot of ‘when your dress matches the sea’ OOTD posts on the ‘gram, as celestial blue is enjoying a big moment. Miss Hadid recently rocked a slew of baby blue looks - including a light sweater and matching palazzo pants from New York-based label Sally LaPointe. In keeping with the soft, neutral vibe she kept her accessories simple – with her favourite white ‘sock boots’ and STALVEY microbag.And it’s not just the 22-year-old supermodel into the blue of late. Queen Elizabeth II donned an oh-so elegant pale cyan co-ord for Trooping the Colour ceremony over the weekend (a clever recycling move from the Royal – originally wearing the same outfit in 2005). Victoria Beckham loves her chic pale blue and white PJ set you can actually wear in public. While Rita Ora recently showed us how to pull off a candy-floss coloured pant suit (no easy feat).For an easy, breezy nod to the trend we love J.Crew's pinstriped 'Marseille' jumpsuit to channel Brigette Bardot on the French Riviera. Or if you’re more into ear-drobing, see Zara’s new blue party earrings with tassels. According to fashion psychologist Dr Carolyn Mair, Reader in Pycholology at London College of Fashion wearing the hue is associated with ‘confidence and loyalty’. Hmm, time to stock up on summer work wear?Watch Grazia's exclusive beauty Q&A with Dior ambassador Bella Hadid below...READ MORE: Exclusive: The 'It' Accessory A-listers Are Taking On Holiday This SummerREAD MORE: What To Wear On A First Date: A Grazia Guide © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rogue foundation marks, mile-long queues and huffy elbow-grazing. Let’s face it, there are more relaxing ways to spend a Saturday than sale shopping. Though we will of course make an exception for the HRH of high street brands – Zara. Easy breazy floral dresses? Power sleeves? Stylish workwear? Come payday, you will no doubt find at least one Grazia staffer lurking in a Central London haunt, hunting for the latest ‘It’ item. So, whether last minute holiday packing is hot on the to-do list, or you’re just in need of a little pick-me-up (and who needs a better excuse than that really?) – here’s our edit of the best pieces in Zara’s epic summer sale. Ready, get set, shop…Was: £25.99, Now: £17.99. Shop the item here.Was: £29.99, Now: £17.99. Shop the item here.Was: £25.99, Now: £15.99. Shop the item here.Was £29.99, Now: £19.99. Shop the item here.Was: £69.99, Now: £49.99. Shop the item here.Was: £29.99, £19.99. Shop the item here.Was: £29.99, Now: £19.99. Shop the item here.Was: £39.99, Now: £25.99. Shop the item here.Was: £69.99, Now: £49.99. Shop the item here.Was £29.99, Now: £19.99. Shop the item here.Was £69.99, Now: £49.99. Shop the item here.READ MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels You Need To Know AboutREAD MORE: 'Dadcore' Decoded: A Fashion Movement Or Passing Fad?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Say summer and I think sandal. Say sandal and I think Birkenstock. The German shoe manufacturer has been a staple in our summer wardrobe for years. After they were spotted on countless stylish celebs we knew we had to get our hands on them. The aesthetic simplicity and innovative cork footbed sold us the moment we put them on our feet, with similar styles being trialled by other brands but none coming close to the OG. They are durable, they are comfortable, they are simple and they are PERFECT.Now the iconic shoe brand is upping its game. On Saturday, Birkenstock made their first presentation in Paris of their Spring/ Summer 2018 collection to an exclusive few, where they announced their collaboration with Colette. Colette is a French accessory retailer known for being a great retailer of Parisian chic, making them a great choice for the brand's first collaboration.Before I saw them, I was confused. Why is Birkenstock trying so hard to make themselves current and relevant when we already love them for what they are? You don’t have to change yourself for us, we already love you! But then I saw the shoe, and now I have to have it.The collaboration with Colette combines Parisian chic with clever design and comfort. A limited-edition version of the ‘Arizona’ style, arguably the most iconic and therefore most popular, has been created with only 200 pairs available to purchase. However, don’t panic if you’ve already missed out because a second release is scheduled for late July.The contrast of Cobalt blue on entirely black shoe makes a statement we're dying to get my hands on. Laser cut polka dots on black leather is coupled with blue ‘fabric-feel’ buckles to finish off the design.Like this? Then you might also like:Rihanna Secretly Debuted Her New Shoe Collection, And No One NoticedYou Can Now Shop Your Favourite Celebs' Wardrobes On DepopTim Westwood May Have Accidentally Given Out His Bankcard Details On SnapchatFollow Gemma on Twitter @gemmafaithfullThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion trends are a funny ol’ thing. It’s hard to suss out the real deal from the five minute wonder that will inevitably end up sitting in your wardrobe, unworn, until years later when you realise you never did actually wear that purple spandex bodysuit (BUT - the ‘80s! Everyone’s obsessed with the ‘80s!). “Odd shoes - they seemed like a cool statement at the time,” you mutter. Ah well, another day, another archived outfit post on Instagram.It can drive you crazy: fashion editor’s who err on the side of caution find themselves in 2017 contemplating the appeal of a neon pink velour tracksuit jacket again; the style popularised by Paris Hilton in The Simple Life; the one you probably couldn’t get enough of when you were 14-years-old shopping in Woolworths (RIP). Sometimes trends just do not translate in real life, this much I know. However there’s a new unexpected buzzword a-brewing in high-fashion circles— one that you’ve probably encountered in everyday culture long before the designers took notice: ‘Dad dressing’.Demna Gvasalia endorsed all things ‘dadcore’ for his latest Balenciaga menswear collection, inspired by young fathers in the park with their kids. Make way for Jerry Seinfeld-style belted trousers, practical rain jackets, polo shirts and a slew off-kilter tailoring. Unsurprisingly, the show got people talking (Balenciaga’s shows are lost without some shock value - all hail the ‘It’ shopping bag that looked remarkably similar to a 40p IKEA tote). But the French fashion house might just have shined the spotlight on one of the most defining styles of our times.Look to Jeremy Corbyn. Commentators have been quick to zone in on the politician’s ‘anti-fashion’, ‘scruffy’, ‘dadsy’ dress code. David Cameron may have once suggested Jezza ‘put on a proper suit,’ but Corbs will not curb to pressure. He is the Everyman. His signatures? 50 shades of beige, trainers and socks, home-knitted jumpers and utilitarian cagoules. ‘Corbyn Couture’ - once seen us copiously uncool - is fast catching on (menswear designer Martine Rose admitted the Labour MP was a massive inspiration for her SS18 collection).Speaking to BBC Newsnight in 1984 Corbyn said: ‘[Politics] is not a fashion parade, it's not a gentleman's club, it's not a banker's institute, it's a place where the people are represented.’ FYI: his mum made his crinkled muted sweater and his white shirt wasn't bought on Saville Row but rather 'the Co-op' (yep, they sold clothes in the '80s, apparently). Obama may have been mocked for his ‘dad jeans’ that went viral in 2009, but the former POTUS isn’t budging, telling Ryan Seacrest: 'I’ve been unfairly maligned about my jeans. The truth is, generally, I look very sharp in jeans.' Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg wears the same grey t-shirt to work everyday.I turn, then, to an expert in the field to review the newfound obsession with ‘daddy cool': my own father. John Firth’s essentials compile of ‘a comfortable pair of shoes, jeans or khaki-type trousers, a "good" belt and a blue polo shirt that’s not too tight.’ He shops mainly at M&S and Tesco (‘I do read the Sunday Times Style sometimes - but it doesn’t really effect my own style’).‘The catwalk’s have never really been there for dads,’ Mr Firth says. 'A high proportion of the population are fathers, so there's obviously a market there. You don’t want everyone to look the same though of course, and clothes need to reflect your personality and lifestyle. For example, I used to love wearing loud, printed shirts. But now I’m more into comfort.’A real dad’s take on Balenciaga’s riff on the ‘dadcore’ trend? ‘Well, that’s a different sort of age group - young fathers,’ John says. ‘It’s practical though - if you’re cycling around the place you need the right sort of gear. A waterproof jacket is essential too if you’ve got children in case they vomit on you!’‘My work is always about reality,’ Gvasalia told US Vogue backstage after his AW17 show in January. ‘It’s just honest. That is what’s happening around us.’ So there you have it: your father is this year’s sartorial hero. But then, they probably always have been. Confident? Comfortable? Sometimes outlandish? This trend could outlast them all…READ MORE: In Defence Of Sienna Miller's 'Do Not Fancy Me' ClothesREAD MORE: The Fat Jewish Is Showing A 'Dad Fashion Show' At New York Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like the natural follow on from the fishnet craze of winter ’16, net bags are this summer’s must have. Think of them as the anti-It bag, they don’t cost a lot but they make a powerful statement. Similar to straw bags, they work best when it’s warm with 0% chance of rain, but unlike straw bags, they fold nicely into luggage and are an easy answer to housing all your beach needs. We’ll be wearing them with summer dresses and espadrilles…Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Love Réalisation Par But Can’t Afford It? Check Out These High Street Dupes11 Tiny Gold Accessories From Fraiser Sterling That Have Celeb Approval7 Pics That Prove Straw Bags Are The It Tote Of The SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisMain hero image courtesy of @deborabrosaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First dates can be terrifying (cue over-thinking about every possible scenario going into overdrive). There’s the obvious: What if we realise we have zero in common. Practical: If we realise we have zero in common, when is polite enough to ditch the guy altogether and make sure the night isn’t totally wasted i.e. rush home to catch up on S2 of Master of None / grab a drink with nearby pal. But, even before The Date you’ll no doubt have stumbled on the inevitable what to wear ‘mare: Are faded jeans too casual? Is a red mini slip Clueless-style too dressy?A couple of months ago, I went on a first date to Franco Manca straight from work. I had spent the morning trying on about 11 different outfits, before reverting back to my first option: A ‘60s-style A-line dress I’ve worn a million times (he’d never seen it), red leather ankle boots and a suede jacket. And a not-so-chic red face, as I was running 30 minutes late. Unintentionally, I might add.‘Days before my first date with my now-boyfriend, I stressed over curating the perfect look,’ says Danielle Fowler, Junior Digital Writer at Grazia. ‘In the end I opted for a fail-safe Zara striped blouse, black skirt from & Other Stories and trusty block heels. I had convinced myself that I couldn’t go out in platform boots and equally didn’t want to scare him off in my sock/loafer combo just yet... By the second date, I seemed to have forgotten all about first date fashion etiquette and went wild with snakeskin ankle boots, a metallic gold mini skirt and my favourite floor-scraping duster from Monki.’There is no one-style-suits-all formula with it comes to what to wear on a first date, but these are some rules every single girl can take away before the ‘big day’…Are you meeting for a picnic in the park? Your local pub? A plush three course dinner at that restaurant that’s just opened? Deciphering your date spot will help with the wardrobe planning no end. Also, if it’s the latter option, we suggest vetoing those super-tight skinnies.While it may be tempting to blow half of your pay-packet on a splurge in Topshop (we’ve all been there), do not forget about your go-to pieces that always make you feel good. Be it that cool ‘Winona’ tee and jeans combo or a colourful tunic dress. ‘Being confident and most importantly comfortable is massively important,’ Dr Carolyn Mair, Reader in Psychology at London College of Fashion tells Grazia. ‘Feeling good in whatever you are wearing, makes you look good.’If you’re all about the black on black layering a la The Olsens this need not apply. But, if primary colour blocking / La La Land yellow / Lady Danger dresses makes up 80% of your wardrobe - but you’re worried it will be too ‘out there’ on a first date. Think again. ‘Research in the past has shown that when women (and men) wear red they are rated as more attractive,’ according to Carolyn. ‘They even found that just wearing red can make you feel more sexy.’ So, go forth! Embrace your pick-me-up palette…Still in need of some date night style inspo? Shop Grazia’s edit of the best summer picks in Zara, Replay, & Other Stories and more below…Suede black mules, £70, VagabondWhat To Wear On A First Date - Grazia 2of18Suede black mules, £70, VagabondLong wrapped jumpsuit, £49.99, MangoDraped jacquard top, £35.99, MangoOff-shoulder cotton blouse, £25.99, MangoFrilled blouse, £35, & Other Stories Baby overlock crop top, £35, & Other Stories Inverted lapel frock coat, £59.99, ZaraV-neck jumpsuit, £25.99, Zara 'Happy' black mini bag with pale gold hardware, £450, Hill & FriendsPolka dot shirt, £75, KITRI Tailored suit jacket, £65, TopshopSlingback leather shoes, £69.99, MangoEmbroidered jumpsuit, £49.99, MangoCotton onepiece, £190, GanniBlack Naomi Coat, £70, WeekdayJohanna dress, £47, WeekdayDrawstring cotton blouse, £54, ReplayLuz bootcut jeans, £73.50, Replay READ MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will Love READ MORE: What Do Your Clothes Say About You? One Psychologist Reveals All...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s at about this time of year that, after a few days of fairly consistent sunshine, I suddenly realise that all I really have to wear is that one old trusty faithful dress from a couple of years back. And after wearing it to as many gatherings as it’s socially acceptable to get away with (with minimum washes in between) I find myself rushing to the nearest shop on my way home from work and panic buying a dress that exactly the same as the one I’ve been recycling for all this time.But this year is different, people. This is the year of actually taking a bit of time to find and try affordable dresses, both in and out of my comfort zone, that’ll mix up my summer repertoire. Here’s what Topshop currently has to offer…I find it really hard to find long sleeve, mid length dresses that don’t automatically make me look really formal. Here’s some proof that if you throw some flowers, asymmetric ruffles and a pair of well-worn Converse at one, you can do that nonchalant ‘dressed for all occasions’ thing.Okay. On the rack, I was definitely not a fan of this dress. But then I put it on and it was a bit less Little House On The Prairie than I expected. I’m not great at anything too cutsie so back came the converse. Probably to be paired with a sassy bold red lip for a look that is perfect for meeting your girlfriend/boyfriend’s nan at a family BBQ.If you're up for a throwback to your sixth form end of year party, here's your dress. Lace on lace on lace on bodycon. The asymmetric lines and faux wrap around detailing bring to dress forward into this year and away from those hazy memories of fake ID, while the sliders tone the whole thing down a bit.There’s no time like the present to embrace the bright and bold. The hem is fun and floaty but the dress is weighty enough to withstand a rogue gust of wind when you’re out and about. Pretty vital if you ask me.Is it me or is everyone getting married this summer? This lightweight dress is so wedding appropriate I’m finding it really hard to picture it in any other scenario. The sneaky slits in the arms and across the leg are really flattering and allow for a lot more movement than you’d usually expect from this sort of material.This dress made me want to dance. And fly. And basically run, spin and jump around to make the pretty floaty bits dance. There are so many. The neckline is super complimentary against the busy sleeves and with some fancy footwear like the pretty ribbon ones here you’ll feel like something straight out of an early noughties dance party movie.I think of this very much as a homage to the outfit I wore for most of my childhood. The shape, the design, the whole shebang. When in doubt, denim is your friend. And I feel like me and this cute embroidered mini dress are going to be besties. Yep, denim embroidery isn’t going anywhere. Welcome to your new trusty faithful.Like this? You might also be interested in… We Tried On All The Regular Sized Jeans That Tall Girls Can Get Away WithHow Women Sized From 6-18 Are Wearing The Sheer Trend This SummerHey, Brides, We Tried On Dresses That’ll Make Bridesmaids Look CuteFollow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotshaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember when Balenciaga managed to launch a sell-out carrier bag for an eye-watering sum of £850? Well, it seems Prada is the next label to join the trend.The luxury fashion house has launched a paperclip at Barneys but it's not your average WHSmith special. The sterling silver accessory is priced at $185, which is equivalent to approximately £140. Yes, seriously.And ironically, the accessory is designed to hold money...And the Internet reacted as expected in the wake of the news:Many took to Twitter to reference a school favourite...While others commented on the irony of the item...But if you're interested, the item is still available on the website. No surprise there.READ MORE: Balenciaga Trolls The Internet With Another Sell-Out BagREAD MORE: Balenciaga's Latest 'It' Bag Looks Familiar© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Stokke.Modern mum Kate Middleton is living proof that you can still ooze style and sophistication while looking after a baby or toddler. But just how does she do it?Well, in addition to rocking her infamous bouncy blowdry, Kate has positioned herself as a chic mum by building a flattering 'mummy' wardrobe and by always being spotted out-and-about with chic baby accessories.In fact, we reckon that the best baby accessory that a mum-to-be can invest in is a stylish baby pushchair - and this is especially true when it doubles up as a fashion statement. As well as opting for a pushchair that is safe, comfortable and well designed, a timeless and sophisticated-looking pushchair is a must-have for any style conscious mum.And to save you the time of searching high and low to find one, we've gone and done all of the hard work for you. The Stokke® Xplory® All-Black ChassisStokke® Xplory® All-Black Chassis is a baby pushchair like no other: the sleek silhouette features a combination of shiny and matte black colouring, making it totally timeless and oh-so-chic. Such a neutral colour will work to complement any outfit you wear, no matter the colour, and even as you transcend your styling from season to season. Essentially, it's the equivalent of a classic little black dress, but in the baby pushchair world!As well as looking fashionable, the baby pushchair also boasts a pioneering design: it features seat height and position adjustability to promote interaction and eye-contact between you and your baby; is effortless to maneuver; and has a five point safety harness to ensure that your baby is kept safe.So, mums-to-be need not fret that they'll have to put their style on the back-burner when becoming a parent, because Stokke's style-savvy baby pushchair has come to the rescue.The Stokke® Xplory® All-Black Chassis is available in-store and online at **The Stokke® Xplory® All-Black Chassis is available in-store and online at StokkeStokkeStokke. Plus, we're giving one away to a lucky reader - simply enter below!. Plus, we're giving one away to a lucky reader - simply enter below!**READ MOREThese 24 Baby Names Are In Danger Of ExtinctionRare And Fanciful Baby Names That Few Parents Dare To Use© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Looking to our left and right on the fashion week frows, there was no mistaking the fact that big earrings were the It accessory of the moment. In fact, anyone worth their street-style salt had some serious hardware hanging from their lobes. And while last season’s single-earring trend has been swapped for pairs, we’re not talking simple gold hoops here - this season’s earrings of choice are wearable works of art.So, which school do you subscribe to? If you’re a surrealist, do a Dali – wear your eyes on your ears with H&M’s bobby-dazzlers, or go fully bonkers and try Uterque’s full-facial. In the Bauhaus corner, Fendi’s colour-block triangle is bang on, or give Topshop’s graphic chandelier’s a go for just over a tenner. Or go abstract - nod to Joan Miro’s mobiles with & Other Stories’ mismatched pair, or bag yourself a pair of Annie Costello Brown’s oversized abstract designs – though you best be quick, as these cult-buys are harder to get your hands on than a front-row ticket to Burberry. Whichever pair you pick, don’t lose your head – this arty trend is about adorning your ears, not chopping one off…Check out our gallery below to get the look:Crafted in Italy from gold-tone metal, Fendi's earring is topped with a faceted pyramid-shaped stone, a nod to the house's signature embellishments. £320, Fendi at net-a-porter.comArt House Earrings - Grazia2of7Crafted in Italy from gold-tone metal, Fendi's earring is topped with a faceted pyramid-shaped stone, a nod to the house's signature embellishments. £320, Fendi at net-a-porter.comThese earrings in antiqued metal decorated with faceted glass beads are £6.99, H&MThese black drop earrings with clear cubes are £12.50, TopshopLong earrings with metallic crystals and enamel details in the shape of a face, £55, UterqueA bold yet considered colour palette, a unique resin texture and a triple drop, £40, WhistlesThese gold multi-hoops are about £104 from Double DiscoGreen with envy over these verdant Katerina Makriyianni fan earrings, £125, available exclusively at The Shop At Bluebird on King's Road, ChelseaREAD MORE: Colour Blocking: From The Catwalk To Your WardrobeREAD MORE:The New Kicks On The BlockREAD MORE: Olivia Palermo's Best Zara Outfits Of All Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was recently revealed that Ray-Bans got their name because they ban the sun’s UV rays and in the spirit of this discovery we’re celebrating all the ways you can stay hidden from the heat in plain sight of the sun. For those of us that like to tan, but want to remain in control of our beachside exposure consider these nine ways… Summoning summer on the blog.A post shared by  Jessie Bush (@wethepeoplestyle) on Apr 22, 2017 at 6:35am PDTCut-off denim shorts are to summer what coats are to winter. Add a wide brim straw hat with a flat top to give your year-in-year-out summer go-to's an updated glow. Paradise ✨A post shared by  Olivia Smith (@oliviafayesmith) on Jun 11, 2017 at 10:52am PDTRepurpose an old party dress or vintage babydoll nightdress for a refreshing spin on the beach cover-up, like Olivia Faye Smith has. 💦A post shared by  Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) on Jun 17, 2017 at 3:31am PDTThrow straw hats overboard for a more seafaring sun protector as Emily Ratajkowski has. My summer tips on @vogueparis ☀️ (link in bio)A post shared by  Jeanne (@jeannedamas) on Jun 16, 2017 at 7:36am PDTAdd the cool factor to any outfit with a wide brim hat and Elisabeth Taylor-worthy specs. Jeanne Damas keeps it breezy in a white cotton vest. Porti Bralet & Skin Out shorts 💘 Available in custom colours! #crochet #carnival #skinoutA post shared by  Knots & Vibes (@knots.and.vibes) on May 30, 2017 at 1:59am PDTLook to distant shores for beachside inspiration, like the Caribbean where crochet has woven itself a twee-free appeal.A post shared by Rose Bertram (@rose_bertram) on May 1, 2017 at 7:15am PDTRose Bertram’s crochet dress may be high neck and capped sleeved, but it’s a breezy way of dressing up a simple black swimsuit. Landed in LA🌞🌞 @DiorMakeup Dior Campaign Los Angeles launch today! #BellaFannyWorldTour continues 🌺🤣😝A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on Jun 1, 2017 at 1:17am PDTBella Hadid looked a sheer delight in crochet sweatpants and crop top co-ord. 💃🏾 on top @nastygalA post shared by  SAMI MIRÓ (@samimiro) on May 2, 2017 at 6:21pm PDTSami Miro shows long sleeves and sand really do mix by protecting her shoulders from UV rays in a shorn Nasty Gal top. 5 days until I'm back on a beach with a cocktail in my hand 🙌🏽😳💗 •• it's so chilly in London today!A post shared by  Grace (@gracefvictory) on Jun 12, 2017 at 12:25am PDTNail the salty ethereal look with a loose, humidity-friendly kaftan that allows your pin-up girl bod to shine through.Liked this? You might also be interested in:7 Pics That Prove Straw Bags Are The It Tote Of The Summer11 Non-Ironic Ankle Tattoos That Will Make You Want To Be Bare Leg AlwaysHow To Wear A Corsage Without Looking NaffFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember when Balenciaga tried to get us to buy an Ikea-inspired tote?Well, the designer label is trolling us once more, as the French fashion house recently launched an accessory which resembles your average shopping bag.The only difference is, instead of being made from paper, it's hand-crafted from calfskin and leather. Oh, and it'll set you back an eye-watering £850.But it seems that's a reasonable price to pay for irony, as the accessory soon sold out online.And it's all down to the brand's creative director, Demna Gvasalia. Ever since the designer took control of the fashion house in 2015, Balenciaga has gone from strength to strength (and undoubtedly kept us amused along the way).After all, we're talking about the man who took sartorial inspiration from delivery service, DHL and created the most talked about t-shirt in the industry...And in a time of tough political uncertainty, the fashion world has fallen head over heels for the brand's ability to make fun of itself.So if you fancy investing in the 'It' accessory, keep refreshing the page, as the bag is reportedly available unil 5 August 2017.We wonder if we'll be given a shopping bag to carry the, well, shopping bag home...READ MORE: Balenciaga's Latest 'It' Bag Looks FamiliarREAD MORE: 15 Items To Covet Ahead Of Weekday's London Launch© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Chic, retro-style summer saviours – how we love thee. When it’s over 20 degrees out – British summer, right? – there’s no better time to stock up on swishy polka-dot mini-dresses, ‘90s slips and sixties playsuits.Our one-stop online shop for all things vintage-inspired is of course Reformation. The cult brand is the #1 cool-girl line – which creates clothing with sustainable fabrics -  and worn by the likes of Bella Hadid, Taylor Swift and Emily Ratajkowski et al…Now LA’s hit label has just dropped its most epic edit yet: a collection of 106 hand-picked one-of-a-kind vintage pieces. Priced between $78 and $428, the selection will please nostalgia nerds no end. Think Dorothy-style gingham dresses, a printed Christian Dior blouse and the dreamiest ‘70s co-ords.Although get in there quick, as they’re selling out fast! *Adds to cart immediately.Grazia picks the hottest items from Reformation’s vintage collection to sort all your summer shopping woes…Vintage 50s playsuit, $148, Reformation Reformation Vintage - Grazia2of11Vintage 50s playsuit, $148, Reformation Vintage dolly mini dress, $138, ReformationVintage Lucie Ann slip dress, $178, [Reformation]Vintage maverick flares, $158, ReformationVintage roma basket bag, $138, Reformation Vintage penelope two piece, $148, ReformationVintage rose bouquet mini skirt, $88, ReformationVintage lolita two piece, $158, [Reformation] Vintage sadie mini-dress, $138, ReformationVintage satin cowgirl mini dress, $118, ReformationVintage georgia dress, $138, ReformationREAD MORE: #FashionBoss: 7 Style Lessons To Learn From Meryl Streep's Vintage WardrobeREAD MORE: Anita Pallenberg '60s Style: An Ode To The Rolling Stones Muse© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We're heading towards warmer, sunnier months, which means that your wardrobe will soon be needing a summer update. And it just so happens that Topshop are having a sale (what a coincidence, eh!), so now is the perfect time to stock up on some bargain buys.From bold mini dresses to flare trousers to flamingo wedges, have a look at Grazia's hand-picked selection from the sale, below.Structured swimsuit, Was £30, Now £15, TopshopChannel '50s luxe with this chic black and white swimsuit.Satin frill skirt, Was £49, Now £25, TopshopOoh la la! This metallic midi skirt will be the perfect fashion staple for a party or formal event.Pink mini dress, Was £39, Now £29, TopshopThis trendy wrap-over design and choker neck detail make this bright pink dress a real winner for party season!Sleeveless blazer dress, Was £55, Now £30, TopshopIt's sultry, it's chic, and it's only £30! Excuse us while we add this to our basket...Bardot lace dress, Was £150, Now £75, TopshopBeen invited to a wedding, christening or formal work party? Well, we've just got your outfit sorted.Pink flare trousers, Was £35, Now £18, TopshopDraw attention to your legs with these pretty-in-pink flare trousers.Straight jeans with a tulle hem, Was £45, Now £22, TopshopUpgrade your denim collection with this stylish number. The tulle hem adds a cool, yet understated vibe that's perfect for summer.Flamingo wedges, Was £56, Now £30, TopshopLet your personality shine through with a pair of fun, colourful flamingo wedges. How trendy!Denim wedges, Was £59, Now £22, TopshopEvery woman needs a pair of classic denim wedges in her shoe-drobe. And coming in at only £22, you really can't go wrong with these wrap-over ones.*Stripe bardot shirtdress, Was £46, Now £25, Topshop**Can you tell that we're fans of the bardot neckline? This stripe shirtdress is smart enough for work but equally stylish enough for a weekend brunch with the girls!Floral jacquard midi dress, Was £115, Now £60, TopshopWhile this patterned dress will be flattering on all skin tones, it will look especially great with a tan. Roll on summer!READ  MORE#FashionBoss: 7 Style Lessons To Learn From Meryl Streep's Vintage Wardrobe10 Iconic Glastonbury Fashion Looks We Want To Resurrect24 Sèvres: Introducing Your New Shopping Destination For French-Girl Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It can be difficult to keep up with the transient nature of trends. Let's be frank, by the time we've tracked down the cult must-have Instagram tee, we're being told that we need to start saving up for the latest Zara item everybody who is somebody is coveting.But thanks to Pinterest, we finally have one major fashion rumour confirmed. Yes, pink stands as the 'It' colour for a second season running. And we can't say we're surprised...According to Pinterest, the pink dress has seen an increase of 60 percent in saves since last year. So try colour-blocking your hues this season and team blush pink with another highly coveted shade, lilac.Pink skirts have witnessed an even bigger rise in saves than dresses according to Pinterest. So make sure to check out the Mango sales, asap!Despite rainbow-tinged hair not being a new concept, the trend has risen by 40 percent. So forget blorange for one moment, as pink is having (another) moment...White is fast becoming replaced by powder pink in the world of athleisure. Saves for trainers in the highly-coveted hue have increased by 55 percent since last year according to Pinterest.So in celebration of National Pink Day, shop the best fashion items in the 'It' hue below. It would be rude not to...Credit: MangoWe already have this blouse in black so why not bag the pink, too? Psst, it's in the sale... Flared Sleeve Blouse, £15.99, MangoPink Fashion Items - Grazia2of8We already have this blouse in black so why not bag the pink, too? Psst, it's in the sale... Flared Sleeve Blouse, £15.99, MangoBling is back. Yes, you read that correctly. Dress up deconstructed jeans in a matter of minutes with these fuchsia numbers. Pink Satin Heels, £115, UterqüeEven if dresses aren't your bag, you're sure to love this pastel slip. Team with box-fresh trainers for the perfect daytime look. Irin Dress, £40, WeekdayThese sunnies are already at the top of our wish list this summer. We'll be teaming them with a crisp white shirt and raw-hem jeans. Alice Sunglasses, £145, GanniThis sweet tie-front top by Ganni is the ultimate summer must-have. We'll be wearing ours over a high-waisted bikini complete with basket bag.Charron Top, £140, GanniYes, one of our favourite dresses of the season has gone into the sale! We plan on wearing ours with lilac mules... Pink Poplin Dress, £19.99, MangoTinted sunnies are all the rage right now and we have our eyes on these aviators from Ace & Tate.Wright Matt Black Sunglasses, £98, Ace & TateNative Youth is the up-and-coming Manchester-based label everyone is talking about right now. And this pink corduroy jacket is going straight to the top of our wish list this season...Zori Trucker Jacket, £65, Native YouthREAD MORE: The Items Everyone Is Coveting This SummerREAD MORE: Add These Summer Must-Haves To Your Basket, Asap© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Anxiety, melancholy, unrequited love: not phrases last seen in the sacred space of our teenage diaries, but a handful of the pensive slogans embroidered in cursive onto the latest block colour knits from ‘it’ label HADES.Titled 'Inner Privacy,' the inspirations behind self-taught designer Cassie Holland's sophomore collection are certainly esoteric. After celebrating her favourite bands with her debut (sell-out) knitwear drop, named 'Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others' in homage to The Smiths, this season's starting point came courtesy of Virginia Woolf: specifically, her musings on selfhood in the landmark novel Mrs Dalloway. From a millenial pink knit emblazoned with 'Bonjour Tristesse' to a 'Melancholy' crew-neck in moody duck-egg blue, the results are what your wardrobe (and Instagram feed) have been crying out for...HADES was established in 2015 and was the outcome of a creative project that I undertook. I actually just began making jumpers for myself and friends; I shared these online and the reaction was positive which encouraged me to keep designing. I’m not a classically trained designer. Around that time I was reading a lot about punk and the DIY ethos - the idea that even if you’re not classically trained you can still have something to offer. It encouraged me to not be deterred and gave me a licence to do it myself.I'm interested in Greek history and imagery. Somehow I thought the Greek god of the underworld was a cool name for a knitwear brand. People were scared to say the word 'Hades' as it represented the end, so they employed emphemisms. I also like the story of 'Hades, Persephone and the Pomegranate,' which is a myth used to explain the origin of the seasons.This collection explores the theme of the inner self. I was interested in the idea that we all live as much in our heads as we do in the world, and was influenced by writers who had explored solitude and the inner life. Each of the jumpers is adorned with a phrase influenced by self-reflection: 'Melancholy,' 'La Douleur Exquise' and 'Bonjour Tristesse.'It's about the kernel of selfhood that can't be shared with others. Each of us has an inner life filled with anxieties, joys, melancholy - sometimes these private thoughts are concealed imperceptibly, they are unknowable to anyone else,even those closest to us and sometimes even from ourselves.I really struggled this season and ended up with a bigger collection than I perhaps needed because I’d formed a connection with the phrases. We launched with 15 styles, which in retrospect was difficult to manage as you’re dealing with so many stylesacross all the sizes. When we restocked I edited this down to 8 jumpers. For future seasons I’m planning to be stricter with myself when editing a collection!It’s an opportunity to communicate who you are, what you think, feel and believe with the world. It’s an outer visualisation of your inner self. The concept of HADES is classic knitwear that you can keep and wear for many years, I love the idea of buying a jumper emblazoned with 'Unrequited Love' in your thirties to tokenise a moment in time and then wearing it when you reach your sixties - it’s a connection with a period of time, a different self.Both Kaylyssa and Stevie used to write online diaries which I read when I was younger. There are three newly commissioned pieces ("Five Theories of Solitude" by Kaylyssa Hughes, "I want to know you're there but I want to be alone" by Stevie-Mackenzie Smith and "Wow, you too?" by Joe Dennett) and finally I included the Woolf extract from Mrs Dalloway since she was the radix of the collection.I don’t think about it. I think about the concept, what I like and would wear. Obviously I want it to be beautiful and appealing, but for the sake of wearing it rather than Instagram.I struggle to answer this. The people I get most enjoyment from wearing it are writers, musicians, comedians who I like and admire - who aren’t necessarily known for their style, but it brings me enjoyment to see them wearing it. There are some obvious fashion icons like Chloe Sevigny though! And I love it when my friends wear them.I’ve been reading a lot of memoirs and biographies recently. Right now I’m reading The Rules Do Not Apply, Ariel Levy’s memoir and I’ve just bought Citizen Clem: A Biography [of former Prime Minister Clement Attlee].Yes I’d definitely like to collaborate, I’d be really interested in working with an artist or illustrator. If there are any artists reading this who like HADES please get in touch!For more from HADES, visit www.hades-shop.co.uk or follow @hades_wool on InstagramREAD MORE: Neous: The Shoe Brand You Need To Know About© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is one thing that unites the female portion of the Western world’s population, and that is, without a doubt, that if they were old enough to remember 2007 they sure as heck owned a waist cinching belt. And, probably gold Jenny From The Block hoops. Not even Kim Kardashian was immune. Ten years to this week, Kim was actually a style doppelganger for all of us. Though she was on the precipice of reality stardom, her wardrobe was less intimidating than it is now, in fact it was pretty down-to-earth. Whether it was bodycon micro dresses or aviator sunglasses, as trends swept us up, she too rode the wave.The untold damage that Gok Wan and his obsession with five-finger-wide waist-cinching belts inflicted on the women of the world can be clearly summed up by this picture. Poor Kim, she’s 95% belt.Classic Kim, serving curves and cut-outs at a fashion event. Nothing ever changes, except maybe that blue eyeshadow.Many like to think their ombre story started with their hair, but it can actually be traced back to the summer of ’07 when ‘70s style aviators were trailblazing the trend.Some liked to call these leggings, but you only ever realised how low the denier really was when you bent over. Kim, like all of us, was so caught up in the footless tights mania of 2007 that she embraced them even when they were the colour of accidents. Sadly, we’ve all been there.There was always a balance between getting the perfect level of wet-look shine and still being able to prize your lips open.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to ‘festival style’, Glastonbury is your go-to source for fashion inspiration. An outdoor runway if you will (albeit a bit muddier than your average catwalk).Bold statements are a given at worthy farm – last year’s ode to Hi Vis jackets and blue braids, courtesy of Cara Delevingne and co was unexpected to say the least. A spot of bad weather and muddy grounds? PFFT. It has never stopped the style set from rocking their finest sartorial possessions. Just follow the Brit crowd – style out your look with a pair of ubiquitous Hunter Boots (sorry, wellies are non-negotiable – as are bumbags). So to celebrate Glasto kicking off this week [22nd June], Grazia looks back at the best ever fashion moments from the festival we want to see again and again – from Kate Moss to Alexa Chung…Laid-back glamour is no easy look to pull-off. Especially when the sun comes out - inducing Clueless-style induced wardrobe panic. But Alexa Chung aka the queen of high-low fashion, shows us how it’s done in a silver Max Mara slip dress with a khaki jacket in 2014.Bold? Bright? Fun? Thanks to dopamine dressing being hot on the SS17 agenda we’ll no doubt all be following in Suki Waterhouse’s footsteps this season…Ah the glory Glasto days in the ‘90s! We’re a tad obsessed with this oh-so-impractical ‘millennial pink fairy’ outfit from fashion rebel Courtney Love. Who says fancy dress is just for Bestival?Sienna Miller’s entire 2004 wardrobe inspired The Big Bohemian Revival. The essentials: Uggs (yes, Uggs), the chunkiest belt, an arm cuff and some major bedhead.Alexa keeping it practical in a Breton striped top, denim shorts, boots and an ’80s leather bomber. A staple look that will never go out of fashion.Nothing says effortless summer dressing quite like a breezy boho maxi a la Florence Welch. For a less bridal look, simply accesorie with black boots and a jacket. *Heads to nearest Zara.If there’s one woman to turn to in times of cool-girl, casual festival style it’s Kate Moss. Fact. Her looks over the years, from super short shorts and suede waistcoats during the Pete Doherty years to her enviable summer hat collection. One of our personal favourites is this almost nothing, cool-girl metallic mini in 2005.Dungarees. Festival dressing would be lost without the ‘90s teen essential. Simple and saves on packing – just layer over a logo tee, like this French ‘Rouje’ tee doing the Insta-rounds.A psychedelic tie dye sundress? Because, why not?Kate Moss has determined every major festival fashion trend. In 2003, the supermodel lead the style stakes in a simple shift, scarf belt and fringed black boots.READ MORE: Kate Moss's Best Ever Glastonbury LooksREAD MORE: Is This Really The Secret To A Perfect First Date? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Contained but cool, effortlessly chic and glamorously dishevelled. French women have it nailed. Granted, there’s the berets and  carrying fresh baguettes in straw bags fashion cliché, but really Parisienne style is all about personal style and adopting a more relaxed, undone approach to dressing (just look to Jeanne Damas, Caroline de Maigret and Camille Charrière). And now thanks to new fashion and luxury destination, 24sevres.com, injecting some je ne sais quoi into your wardrobe just got a whole lot easier.Spearheaded by LVMH (parent company of Louis Vuitton, Cristian Dior, Celiné and more) in conjunction with chic Parisian department store Le Bon Marché, 24 Sèvres is an artfully curated selection of designer finds-  from Louis Vuitton and Dior to Simone Rocha and ‘It’ French label of the moment Jacquemus. And for those who have a taste for scouting under-the-radar brands, the website will also host niche labels like Koché and Alice Balas, to please the fashion-savvy.Its USP? Like any department store there’s a wide-ranging selection of product spanning from RTW, accessories, jewellery and beauty, with fashion items ranging from £45 to over £13,000 (the site is anticipated to be fully stocked this September). In keeping with the ‘virtual shop’ concept there’s also a video call option, where customers can chat directly to personal shoppers in Paris, to help create a personalised edit for you. Um, yes!While it’s still early days – launching earlier this month - we predict big things from the digital boutique that’s got fashion editors in a spin RN.READ MORE: The 'It' French Tee Fashion Bloggers Are Obsessed With This SummerREAD MORE: Anita Pallenberg '60s Style: An Ode To Rolling Stones Muse© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For the third time, Rihanna has designed a special footwear collection in collaboration with Manolo Blahnik. While official press images dropped today, anyone who’s spent the last week gawping at RiRi’s Wild Thoughts video will already be quite familiar with the range.For fashion enthusiasts, this new single was a cornucopia of  SS17 touchpoints. From the Balenciaga leggings and ruffled Alberta Ferretti turquoise dress to the glimmer of Lucite and crystal heels, it was a wealth of summer trends wrapped up in one gyrating humid weather anthem. #RihannaXManolo  The #SoSTONED collection....JULY 6. @manoloblahnikhq  Pictured above: "Spice"A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jun 21, 2017 at 5:33pm PDT JULY 6... the "SO STONED" collection is dropping! My hands down favorite collaboration with @manoloblahnikhq  Pictured above: "Poison Ivy"A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jun 21, 2017 at 12:32pm PDTWith a wink and a nudge, the shoe range is called ‘So Stoned’ and features a mule named ‘Spice’, a heel called ‘Bajan Princess’, a strappy sandal named ‘Purple Chalice’ and a calf-high gladiator sandal called ‘Poison Ivy’. It’s available from Manolo Blahnik stores and online from 6th July with prices starting at £1000. #SoSTONED  @manoloblahnikhq  Pictured above: "Bajan Princess"A post shared by  badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Jun 21, 2017 at 7:01pm PDTLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Black and white footage of a teenage Kate Moss floating in still, salty waves feels eerily familiar.Back in 1993, the model was teetering on the edge of fame and was sent to the Virgin Islands with her then boyfriend, 20-year-old photographer Mario Sorrenti.And now, never-before-seen footage and graphics from the shoot has been released by Calvin Klein in celebration of two new fragrances, Obsessed for Women and Obsessed for Men with the aim to 'evoke the idea of memory, past love and present iconography'.And this is not the first time the brand has paid tribute to nineties nostalgia. Earlier this week, the cult label recruited model Brooke Shields, who hasn't modelled for the brand for more than 37 years.Creative Director Raf Simons revealed the reason behind the campaign: "I suppose you could say we were obsessed with Obsession. If one thing summed up Calvin Klein for us visually, it was Mario Sorrenti's Obsession campaign with Kate Moss."He continued, "We thought about a scent that could reflect such an idea of memory and desire for today. Of male and female, of the memory of somebody else on your skin."On photographing Kate back in the early nineties, Mario told Calvin Klein: "It was great. We were young and in love and I loved photographing her. When we did Obsession she was 18 and I was 20, just starting out in our lives with no pressure about anything. We were just going off and having fun."Watch the campaign video below:READ MORE: 5 Style Lessons We Learnt From '90s Kate MossREAD MORE: The Party Dressing Rules We Learnt From Kate Moss© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Workwear shopping in winter? Options a-plenty: enter luxe tailored suiting, shift dresses + polo-necks + thick tights, colourful faux fur coats (because you can never have enough of these). Summer dressing when it’s 32 degrees outside and you have a sweaty, panic-inducing commute each morning? PAH! There you are standing in front of your pretty-full closet and sigh silently; ‘I have nothing to wear’.Of course, the easiest and most comfortable option in sunnier climates is a sun dress. But finding a stylish and work-appropriate ensemble, without looking like you’re about to jet off to St Tropez is a bit like trying to find The One on a dating app: Tricky.On the hunt for a new season 9-5 wardrobe? Just remember to stick to light, breathable fabrics like linen and cotton (sweating in spandex – no-no!). Minimalist silhouettes and block colours keep things looking more corporate and clean, less ‘just popping to the pool on my lunch break’...make like Gigi Hadid et al in baby blue, the 'It' SS17 shade. Think ‘Smart Kaftan’ – labels like KITRI, Zara, Cos and Margaret Howell are winning in the loose-but-neat-cut-dresses department. And finally ditch the denim!Shop Grazia’s edit of the most stylish sundresses you can actually wear to work during a heatwave…Ruffled linen dress, £59.99, MangoSummer Work Dresses Heatwave - Grazia 2of10Ruffled linen dress, £59.99, MangoOversized shirt dress, £48, & Other Stories Belt printed dress, £39.99, H&MDress with draped back, £59, CosPattered dress with frills, £17.99, H&MSky blue 'poplin' dress, £54, UterqueCotton linen mix wrap dress, £185, Margaret HowellLinen wrap dress, £85, FineryApollo tie waist shirt, £85, KITRIBaby blue dress, £69, CosREAD MORE: This £26 ‘It’ Zara Skirt Is Now Back In StockREAD MORE: This Is The Colour You Should Be Wearing, According To Gigi Hadid© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since the inauguaration of Donald Trump on 20th January 2017, the fashion world has become a talking point for politics.Last season's street style stars took the opportunity to don slogan-emblazoned tees shaming the current government while many designers used the catwalk as a platform for free speech.But Italian brand Dolce and Gabbana has remained schtum. The label famously dresses First Lady Melania Trump, while other brands were quick to refuse as a consequence to her husband's political stance and controversial ideologies.But one of D&G's models hit the headlines after protesting while walking the catwalk. Raury, a rapper who has collaborated with the likes of Chance the Rapper, took a stance during the brand's finale.The singer-songwriter removed his shirt to reveal messages such as 'Protest D&G' and 'I am not your scapegoat', while standing in the middle of the catwalk with his fist defiantly in the air.Raury  used Instagram to later express the reasons behind his protest:"I never felt so alone, so terrified, yet so alive... Found myself in tears when I realized the people understood, and I'm not just screaming in the dark anymore ... if ur in this industry remember that there is a god, and god protects the good... so do the work when aligned to. following my heart from this day forth knowing that I am living truth... If it ever means my end so be it."And this isn't the first time the brand has come under scrutiny. Miley Cyrus' brother Braison walked his debut show for the label earlier this week and the singer took to Instagram to congratulate her sibling. She did however add that she doesn't support the brand's political stance.To which Stefano Gabbana replied: "We are Italian and we don't care about politics and mostly neither about the American one! We make dresses and if you think about doing politics with a post it's simply ignorant. We don't need your posts or comments so next time please ignore us!!"The brand has yet to respond following Raury's protest.READ MORE: Melania Trump's First Lady Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Look away if your shopping habit is already out of control, because MyUS.com will not help. With the full thrust of globalisation making access to the rest of the world possible with just a click of a button, it seems ridiculous that something like shipping and import duties should stand in the way of us buying American goods.  But, sadly, for many small brands and US-centric exclusives, this is the case.Enter, My US. Removing the barriers between online shopping of American stores and the rest of the world, the website provides users with an address in the United States. Once you have a postcode, the American retail spectrum is your oyster.The website works on several levels, firstly it allows you to shop retailers that don’t ship to your country (think Glossier to the UK) . Secondly, it will help you consolidate your purchases so you receive one package, rather than a slow drip of boxes. Think: less waiting at home for the postman and trips back and forth from the delivery depot when you've missed the FedEx van. There’s the added benefit that 7% of what you spend is covered by a special tax-free status. Boom, what are you waiting for? Go, forth and Glossier.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Pinko.Last week, we teamed up with Pinko to host an exclusive fashion event at the Pinko Boutique in London, and boy oh boy was it a fun-filled evening. With big-name fashion bloggers (like Nina Suess and Tatjana Mariposa) in attendance, and an exclusive personlisation service for handbags on offer, it wasn't a night to miss.And if you're wondering why we hosted this little party, it was to celebrate the launch of Pinko's leather LOVE bag and bespoke monogramming service. Trust us, if you're into fashion and design, then you'll simply love this personalised concept that Pinko have created, which essentially lets you customise your own handbag.You can choose from pretty colour combinations like classic black and light blue, classic black and nude rosè, neon pink and vitaminic orange, or neon pink and crazy violet. Plus, you can opt for bespoke embroidery by getting your name monogrammed on your handbag - ooh la la! See how some of our favourite bloggers styled their Pinko handbags, below.Bloggers @marikokuo and @tatjanamariposa at the Pinko x Grazia eventPinko commercial - Grazia2of6Bloggers @marikokuo and @tatjanamariposa at the Pinko x Grazia eventBlogger @millie_cotton at the Pinko x Grazia eventBlogger @ninasuess at the Pinko x Grazia eventBlogger @stilettoshades at the Pinko x Grazia eventBlogger @tatjanamariposa at the Pinko x Grazia eventBlogger @Xenia at the Pinko x Grazia eventIf you couldn't make it to our event, don't fret, because we'll be giving away a special LOVE handbag which you can personalise to your heart's content! You can enter our competition by following the instructions below.This exclusive personalisation service, which is a real must-have for any accessory lovers, will be available at select boutiques and at **Pinko.comPinko.com.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...He use to wear Gucci but put it in the bin ‘cause that’s not him, but new label Mains London is. Grime godfather and founding member of collective Boy Better Know, Skepta is launching a new fashion line this week. And, yes, it does include tracksuits.Called Mains London, the unisex collection, which Skepta Is referring to as a ‘clothing imprint’ is set to launch on June 26th. The lookbook and a short 70s-enthused fashion film, which was shot in Morocco, teases the aesthetic and show off a single piece from the range. It's a genderless forest green tracksuit rendered in forest green with wide collars and braided detailing. In keeping with Skepta’s own style it’s discreet and ostensibly logo free, except for a small label on the bottom of the arm. 26 / JUNE / 17A post shared by @ mainslondon on Jun 15, 2017 at 3:05am PDT‘It's gonna be for the streets, for your everyday person who doesn't want to wear jeans all the time and wants to be comfortable. You won't feel inferior in my sportswear!’ He told i-D magazine. 26 / JUNE / 17A post shared by @ mainslondon on Jun 15, 2017 at 3:05am PDTThis isn’t his first dalliance with fashion after all. The man behind That’s Not Me and Shutdown was once a label junkie, hooked on Gucci and Louis Vuitton. But, as Grime 2.0 dawned he cut the way in crisp, no-frills streetwear. And, his fashion credentials came to the fore when he walked for Nasir Mazhar, was hailed a style don by GQ and look his place as the face of one of Uniqlo’s campaigns.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Why I Have Mixed Feelings About Grime Becoming MainstreamWhen It Comes To Diversity, Black English Language Is Just As Important As Diversity In BoardroomsHow ‘Woke’ Is Fashion Right Now?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I just assumed that if a megawatt It Girl, like Bella Hadid or Kendall Jenner, were wearing a piece of jewellery it would have an eye-watering price tag. But, my, was I wrong. From Patricia Manfield to the Hadid’s, the Jenner’s and The Blonde Salad’s Chiara Ferrangi, little known affordable accessories label Fraiser Sterling has garnered an enviable celebrity following. Its pieces are kitschy, dainty and Sofia Richie-approved. Whether you’re in the market for a diamante choker or a chainmail top, be sure to remember the name ‘Fraiser Sterling’ as you’ll 100% see your favourite celebs wearing it soon.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What does your T-shirt say about you? Not something we ever really considered in that much detail before TBH. Yes, we have that go-to simple white top from Zara we’ll revert to in times of Clueless-style closet chaos. But as a status symbol? Collectors’ item of the future? A focal point of an outfit? Hmm, not so much.Inevitably this changed once the spring/summer ’17 collections started flooding in. Look-at-me, flashy branded tees soon earned major stamps of approval; call it the Gucci-effect and the ‘80s trend enjoying another fashion merry-go-round. Remember that £320 Gucci logo shirt? Kendall Jenner’s ode to Carrie Bradshaw donning a ‘Dior Addict’ graphic tee? And you’ll have no doubt spotted fashion editor’s lusting over Sezane's red and white L'Amant T-shirt...so popular it had waiting list.And now let us introduce you to do the latest ‘It’ tee you’re about to see everywhere this summer (read, get in there quick!): the €49 REMI ‘Rouje’ tee. Not so familiar with this Paris-based brand? For those who want to inject a little je ne sais quoi into their holiday wardrobe you need this chic and affordable label on your radar, founded by French street style regular Jeanne Damas (check out her enviably stylish life on Instagram - with 498K followers and counnting).‘I wanted to create my perfect wardrobe every six months and work with my talented friends,’ Damas tells Grazia. ‘The latest Rouje collection is inspired by Italian women from the 60's. But I also love the ‘70s simplicity of women like Charlotte Rampling or Lauren Hutton.’Nonchalantly elegant Parisian style just a click away (they now ship to the UK)? You. Are. Welcome.READ MORE: Exclusive: The 'It' Accessory A-listers Are Taking On Holiday This SummerREAD MORE: Exclusive: The 'It' Lingerie Brand The Style Set Are Obsessed With© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London-based designer Molly Goddard will host four catwalk shows at the Victoria and Albert museum on Friday 7 July to celebrate the opening of the new Sainsbury Gallery. And the best part? You're invited.Yes, the former Central Saint Martins student will open the runway show to the public as part of the Reveal Festival. Goddard is planning four shows throughout the day and tickets for the exclusive event are free.The designer is renowned for her eclectic tulle creations and namechecks the likes of Rihanna and Solange as A-list fans.Goddard has also gained prestigious recognition in the fashion industry, as she has received several awards for her work including the prize for British Emerging Talent at the 2016 Fashion Awards.Tickets will be up for grabs from 10am on Monday 26 June so make sure to keep an eye on the website. Trust us, you don't want to miss this.READ MORE: Meet Molly Goddard, Fashion’s New Golden GirlREAD MORE: 7 Designers To Watch In 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You know those summer days when your hair balloons in the humidity and busses drip like a sweating Coke can? When the world feels like a steam room and wearing any layers is instantly regrettable, think: ‘what would Rihanna do?’In her latest video, Wild Thoughts, which features Bryson Tiller, DJ Khaled and the metallic twang of Santana’s Maria Maria, she is a sartorial study in mastering balmy beauty.The video opens with Rihanna stalking the dusk of a hot and sticky Miami night dressed in a translucent vintage Betsy Johnson top, Balenciaga leggings, a Versace belt, Lynn Ban gold earrings, Karen Walker aviators and a Gucci scarf wrapped around her head.A few beats later, with mussed-up waves, a lashing of red matte lipstick and aquamarine flicked eyeshadow she seduces in a turquoise Alberta Ferretti dress and Manolo Blahnik gladiator heels. Dancing on a rooftop, she finishes her fashion tryptic in a Matthew Adams Dolan’s lemon shirt and matching cargo trousers. Seemingly, sheer, loose layers and oversized tailoring with statement jewellery is this BadGal’s answer to summer.Rihanna’s hairstylist Yusef Williams told The Cut that he uses Miss Jessie’s Jelly Soft Curls on RiRi’s bob and then Oribe’s Curl Control Cream. The look is bouncy and soft, but frizz-free.Calling on Isabella Rossellini in David Lynch's Blue Velvet for inspiration, Rihanna’s make-up dominates the video. Her crimson pout and dramatic eyeshadow add drama to her dewy skin. Fingers crossed this is a hint at what Rihanna’s upcoming Fenty Beauty line will look like.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When poised with the question, 'What is this season's most talked about shoe?' The obvious answer is of course, the mule. Be them backless, square-toed or raffia-soled, we'll take them all please! And two individuals soon spotted a business opportunity...Former fashion stylist Vanissa Antonious and shoe designer Alan Buanne have been friends for over ten years and put their minds (and creative skills) together to found Neous, a shoe brand like you've never seen before.Inspired by the radical design principles of the Bauhaus school and everything from mid-century design to architecture, the design duo successfully launched their debut spring/summer '17 collection.But what makes the brand stand out, is the sheer attention to detail. Materials are sourced from Italy, the home of shoe design, while the designers carefully consider not only the aesthetic but the fit.Each and every shoe which comes into their grasp is handcrafted to ensure that they are not only works of art designed to please the eye but most importantly, 'wearable'. Expect juxtapositions of materials, striking colour-play and of course, the brand's signature gold ring.Grazia caught up with the design duo to get the lowdown on their ten-year friendship, the brand's ethos and which shoes they would choose if they could only wear one pair for the rest of their lives..."Modern, wearable and creative.""Our woman values quality and design and appreciates form and beauty as well as fashion. But has the confidence to value comfort over fashion, longevity and practicality in her wardrobe.""Our aim was to create wearable, Italian-made shoes at a contemporary price point. We wanted to create shoes which were versatile and which were comfortable enough to be worn all day. These three characteristics combined make up our point of difference along with our unique design aesthetic. Not all brands in the contemporary market have the luxury of working exclusively with Italian materials and factories. We feel very privileged.""Our inspiration comes from multiple sources, modern art, mid-century design, architecture and music. Sometimes it can be the smallest thing in everyday life that inspires a whole theme. We have a very practical approach to design so inspiration also comes from the modern woman we know and love. Working together on design also means you feed and are inspired by each other."VA: It is so difficult to name a few - there are so many, I'm mostly inspired by people who step outside of their comfort zone or have fought through difficult situations.AB: Stanley Kubrick. I have always been captivated by his films and enjoy the attention to detail in every scene. His work continues to be a source of inspiration and ideas."We are fortunate in the sense that we inherently have a similar design method, creative approach and share the same vision for Neous. On matters other than design, we have been friends for over 10 years so we have a very honest and understanding relationship.""We have only been in stores since March 2017 so it's difficult to say. The white leather and transparent mule and the closed toe mule with the ring have been the most popular so far..."VA: I live in our style called 'Seven', it is modern, easy to get around in and works with pretty much with every outfit.AB: If I wear a woman today, I would wear the flat square toe loafer with the soft back, I travel all the time and there seems to be an effortless sense of style in this shoe."Right now we are concentrating on perfecting each collection and offering a collection of shoes with a strong point of difference to suit the Neous woman.""We are growing organically and logically to meet her needs. In five years time this could mean having a virtual reality boutique. Let's see where the world takes us..."Shop the spring/summer '17 collection online and make sure to follow the brand on Instagram for all the latest news.READ MORE: This Is The Spanish Fashion Brand You Need To Know AboutREAD MORE: Exclusive: The 'It' Lingerie Brand The Style Set Are Obsessed With© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since the Alexa Chung-approved label Réalisation Par launched it’s pretty Australia self in the summer of ’15 we’ve been yearning for one of their cult Diane wrap dress. But, as Theresa May keeps reminding us, money trees don’t exist. And, while one day when our pay packets rise and our rents go down we’ll 100% invest in one of their frilly wrap dresses until then we’ll happily settle on a high street dupe. Lucky for us, everyone from Mango to Topshop are doing a mean line in Réalisation Par replicas at a fraction of the price. Scroll and see…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The jean genie is here, and her name is Grace Francesca Victory. Our resident expert can make even the scariest of teeny weeny denim miniskirts look slick and sophisticated. She takes the fear out of fashion and lifts the lid on the very easy way to make plus size high street denim look a million bucks. Listen up kids, because these are tricks worth taking note of…Premium Shape & Sculpt Mid Blue Pencil Skirt, £35, Simply BeI am wayyy out of my comfort zone in such a short straight skirt as I find they always gape at my waist and are too tight on the bum. Actual. Nightmare. But, with this wrap top and these sassy lace-up shoes, I think it works. It’s just about mastering balance and proportion.Hot Pink Balloon Sleeve Sweatshirt, £19.25, Simply Be; Denim Pleated Skirt, £23.40, Elvi At first, I loathed – like actually hated – this skirt, but I tucked in this pink jumper, and it nipped me at the waist. Also, the length is much more flattering than I initially gave it credit for as I like the way it makes my pins look. Its waistband serves up Gucci vibes, so it makes me feel like a Fashionista too.  I love the pop of pink on the jumper matching the trainers.Plus Khaki Green Distressed Stud Army Jacket, £25, River Island; Snake Printed Dress, £47.20, Elvi; **Denim Wrap Skirt in Mid Wash Blue, £22, ASOS Curve For this outfit, I tied up the longline shirt dress into a crop top as I like the way the v-neck and the buttons fall. I think it looks wicked with the khaki jacket. It’s quite hard to find an A-line skirt that fits properly, so I’m not sure I like it on me, but it works within the context of this outfit.Textured Stripe Kimono, £95, Elvi Hayley Hasselhoff Collection; Foil Top, £17.40, Elvi; **Premium Shape & Sculpt Mid Blue Pencil Skirt, £35, Simply BeHigh waist skirt, crop top and kimono and I’m done. It’s so flattering, comfortable and it’s something I’ve worn my whole life. While I like to wear trousers with a kimono as it gives a masculine touch to the feminine gown shape of the robe, but the skirt lets me show off my legs. Ideally, I’d buy the robe a size up so I can wear it oversized and wrap it around like a dress and team it with heels.Denim Wrap Skirt in Mid Wash Blue, £22, ASOS Curve I find the Bardot neckline the easiest style to wear because it shows off the chest and the shoulders, which I love about myself. It could be a nightmare to wear, but with the Curvy Kate strapless bra, everything stays in place. And, with the skirt and skater shoes, it gives this feminine look a bit of sass.Denim Jacket With Rips and Fluted Sleeve, £48, ASOS Curve; **Hot Pink Balloon Sleeve Sweatshirt, £19.25, Simply BeCome at me flared sleeves. I love this raw hem jacket, it’s low-key casual but it has high-fashion aspirations. Plus, it’s super flattering on the arms and elevates my favourite black harem pants.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Curve Blogger Grace Victory Shows Us How To Tackle Spring’s TrendsWe Tried On Six Outfits You Wouldn't Guess Are From PrettylittlethingWe Tried On Regular Sized Jeans That Tall Girls Can Get Away WithFollow Gracie on Instagram @gracefvictoryThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Back in October, it was revealed that model Gigi Hadid helped boyfriend Zayn Malik land himself a new fashion gig. Thanks to her close relationship with designer Donatella Versace, Zayn has designed a collection for Versus Versace.And the former One Directioner has finally given fans a sneak peek from the upcoming collaboration and it seems he's recruited another member of the Hadid clan to help out...Bella Hadid features in the new campaign wearing her sister's boyfriend's merch.‘Zayn X Versus’ is a capsule collection of both men’s and women’s clothing set to be released in Versus stores and online next week.And this should not be mistaken for any ordinary celebrity endorsed line, as Donatella assured in an interview with the The New York Times, "He's smart to do it with me".It’s not the first time that Donatella has teamed up with a musician either, as everyone from the Foo Fighters to Lenny Kravitz have played at past Versus shows. And it was Zayn’s ‘rebellion’ that bagged him the collaboration.The Italian designer first met Zayn alongside former One Directioner Harry Styles, though Donatella doesn’t wish to be mistaken for a 1D fanatic as she admitted to The New York Times, “I was not exactly a fan of that band…”She did however warm to Zayn eventually as she told the paper, “I met him again when he started to date Gigi, who I work with all the time. And he impressed me very much - he was so mature, so thoughtful, treated her like such a gentleman. They are a very nice young people, a lovely couple, in fact.”She continued: “And then he told me how much he loved fashion. It was then I knew he was the right face for what I had in mind.”And we mustn't forget that this isn't Zayn's first foray into fashion, as he only recently announced a collaboration with Giuseppe Zanotti, due to be released in 2017.But Zayn is just as committed to the new project as Donatella, as he told The New York Times in an email, “I’ve always wanted to design clothes and there’s no brand I’d rather design for than Versus. I like to learn about things I’m interested in and I enjoy being around creative people so I think it will be cool.”We wonder if Gigi will make an appearance in the campaign too...READ MORE: Zayn Malik Is Releasing An AutiobiographyREAD MORE: Zayn Malik Announces His First Fashion Collaboration© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We've all been there. Just last week, we were commuting to work in high hopes of cracking weather with our go-to Birks wedged on our feet and a wicker basket in hand. Only to find by lunchtime, that the heavens had opened and all we have to protect our sodden toes was an inside-out brolly.Fast forward a few days and we'd given up all hopes of a heatwave, as we stood sandwiched between sweaty commuters in our double-breasted blazers and loafers...Well, consider these fashion mishaps a thing of the past. As June beckons and the temperatures rise/become even more unpredictable, make sure to follow these step-by-step rules for sartorial success:The trend is not going anywhere anytime soon. Don a décolletage-skimming shirt with split-leg tailored trousers and hole-punch effect block heels.When heading home, drape a linen blazer over your shoulders to keep the evening's cool breeze at bay.When shopping for weather-appropriate shirts, choose supersized sleeves and oversized silhouettes. Make sure to opt for breathable fabrics such as poplin, too.Consider it an investment piece, as you can simply swap trousers for deconstructed jeans or a raw-hem denim skirt when the weekend rolls around.Yep, we're always on the look out for a quicker way to get ready in the AM. And when the sun says hello, we cannot wait to head outdoors. So this season, try luxe pyjama dressing. Opt for silk or linen fabrics when shopping for the perfect two-piece.Finish with block heels or trainers (we don't know how leniant your bosses are when it comes to the office dress code).You needn't panic if you have little leeway when it comes to dressing for the job. You can still introduce the t-shirt to your work wardrobe by layering beneath a checked two-piece or a gingham dress.Finish with backless loafers, bare legs and round sunnies (preferably tinted).It's time to bid farewell to tights for good. This season, shop for knee-skimming skirts and keep an eye out for split-leg numbers (they're proving popular this summer).Simply team shirt dresses and cropped trousers with backless loafers or block heel pumps. You can always finish the look with fishnet socks.Shop Grazia's favourite office must-haves in the gallery below:Credit: MangoThese backless shoes are going straight to the top of our work wear wish list. Team with a linen shirt and split-hem trousers in the office and frayed jeans come the weekend. Geometric Leather Shoes, £59.99, MangoWork Wardrobe Hot Weather - Grazia2of10These backless shoes are going straight to the top of our work wear wish list. Team with a linen shirt and split-hem trousers in the office and frayed jeans come the weekend. Geometric Leather Shoes, £59.99, MangoGive the cold shoulder at work this summer in this striped shirt from Mango. Wear with trousers and backless loafers. When heading home, don a blazer to keep the cool evening breeze at bay.Striped Blouse, £29.99, MangoYou'll be seeing a whole lot of blue stripes this season. Team this cold-shoulder dress with babouche shoes and a straw bag. Puffed Sleeve Striped Dress, £25.99, MangoAny excuse for a new pair of sandals, right? These croc-style slip-ons will look great with everything from a spring shirt dress to a two-piece suit. Moc Croc Leather Sandals, £85, UterqüeOrange is the new yellow this season. We'll be donning ours with a supersized straw bag and white mules.Striped Midi Dress, £39.99, ZaraWhat do you wear to the office when it's too hot for a two-piece suit and a floral dress is too casual? A blazer dress of course. We have our eyes on this pastel pink number from Zara.Blazer Dress, £59.99, ZaraWhen the hot weather strikes, sometimes it's easier to opt for a one-piece to save precious time spent in the sunshine. We recommend checking out COS for the best tailored pieces. Poplin Jumpsuit, £89, COSWhen the sun is shining, keep cool by shopping for shirts which boast a boat neckline. We'll be teaming this number with cropped trousers and loafers.Green Striped Boat Neck Shirt, £39, WarehouseWhen shopping for new shirts this season, keep two things in mind. Opt for white and short sleeves. We'll be teaming this number with flared trousers and block heels. Poplin Shirt With Round Buckle, £25.99, ZaraH&M has well and truly delivered this season (just take a moment to appreciate the Trend section). So make sure to add this powder blue shirt dress to your work wear wish list, asap. Blue Cotton Wrap Dress, £34.99, H&MREAD MORE: The Best Scandi Items To Shop NowREAD MORE: 21 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every summer, without a doubt, Jane Birkin is our vacation avatar. Decked out in Breton stripes, toting a straw bag and wearing espadrilles, she’s the figure that haunts our Pinterest board, which unwittingly has become a style icon for the ages. Everyone from Alexa Chung to Laura Jackson does a mean Birkin impression. But, there’s one element of this ‘70s French goddess’ style that feels more current than ever…her affinity for deeply impractical, endearingly rustic straw bags. One flick through Instagram and you’ll see that every well-dressed girl has a handwoven handbag swinging from her hands or lopped over the crook of her elbow. Though thrift stores do a mean line in straw summer bags, the Insta-set tend to call on Edit.58, Muun, Blooming Dreamer and Etsy of their top notch totes. That Summer breeze ☀️ |  For all the denim lovers I got you a discount code at @shopredone : " DEBORA522"A post shared by  Débora Rosa (@deborabrosa) on May 24, 2017 at 11:59am PDTBrilliantly combining the essence of summer and the height of Instagram heart-ability, Fashion Gone Rouge editor Debora Dosa’s threw on a simple straw bag, Comme Des Garcons Converses and a Mango blouse. Rainbow is my favorite colorA post shared by  Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor (@atlantabean) on Aug 11, 2016 at 2:00pm PDTPart ‘50s housewife, part pure gold, Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor just defined the singular allure of the straw bag. Cast an eye at how diametrically opposite her rainbow-bright dress is to her simple, earthy bag, and you’ll understand the magical quality of this dreamy sunshine-ready accessory. Date night attire 🌱A post shared by  Alice Catherine (@alicecatherine) on Jun 7, 2017 at 11:20am PDTFor better or worse, Manchester is not Californian. And, that means, sometimes you have to forget the sun isn’t shining and work around it. Coalescing vacation accessories with weather appropriate clothing is something blogger Alice Catherine does best. Hello, can you see how she’s made military-inspired separates and espadrilles work together? Who me?! Just casually sitting, doing a little hair flick...😉😏A post shared by  Laura Jackson (@iamlaurajackson) on Jun 10, 2017 at 1:17am PDTJane Birkin may have favoured a natural coloured straw, but give your 2017 accessory a contemporary twist with a vivid red wash. Laura Jackson’s capacious square tote is just the thing to hit multiple trends running. I can feel it ⛱A post shared by  Blanca Miró Scrimieri (@blancamiro) on Jun 4, 2017 at 11:36am PDTA trip to the beach always requires the iddiest biddiest bikini and the biggest bag in the world. While clothing may be optional, accessories are not as you’ll need something as big as Blanca Miró Scrimieri’s straw tote to lug around all the towels, books and sunscreen you’ll need throughout your tanning session. The #vetements sunday walk thanks to @styledotcom 👉🏻 shop the look : http://liketk.it/2qPiN #liketkit @liketoknow.it #adA post shared by  Adenorah (@annelauremais) on Mar 26, 2017 at 2:52am PDTIt seems counter-intuitive to team a blazer with a bag that’s so ubiquitous with the seaside. But, that’s what’s so delightful about this folly - it’s an irrational accent that lends a little Jane Birkin lustre to the most metropolitan of outfits. And I'm home after the speediest trip to (an extremely hot) Paris 🇫🇷 absolutely loved whizzing around in the shiny new @ds_uk @inesdelafressangeofficial car and feeling like a true (faux) Parisian ❤ #DSAutomobiles #DS3InesDeLaFressange #adA post shared by  Olivia (@livpurvis) on May 17, 2017 at 12:37am PDTCity or the seaside, a circular straw bag is definitely the answer. Look to blogger Olivia Purvis on how to wear it with bright white jeans and a linen shirt.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Kardashians have been vocally eBaying their wardrobes for years, but what you may not have realised is that some of your (other) favourite Instagram stalks are also in on the fashion reselling game – and they’re using easy peasy shopping app Depop to do it.Yep, without even having to take your eyes off your phone, you can be 18 weeks deep in Chiara Ferragni’s wardrobe… the bits she doesn’t want for herself, anyway. Here are five of our favourite famous Depops to shop now:If you creep the model/actress on Insta as much as we do then you’re probably already obsessed with her sexy-yet-laidback California girl style, so her Depop shop is an absolute dream, regularly featuring brands like Reformation, Free People and LPA. Most pieces are worn and you’ll even see pics of Emily in some of them, which is all part of the fun of buying a famous person’s clothes, right?The Polish model/DJ is basically a Depop dreamgirl, serving her 97k followers with some of the most Instagram-friendly pieces around, from Champion sweatshirts to fluffy mules. A great source of current trends if you don’t want to pay full price, it’s also worth noting that Joanna sells a load of shoes in UK size 3, which is great for those with tiny tootsies who find it hard to shop outside the kids’ department.Not only does Man Repeller sell some insane designer shoes (think Brian Atwood, Valentino, Giuseppe Zanotti…) for under $200, but her captions are gold, so it’s well worth a snoop around her Depop even if you’re not looking to buy. Footwear and funnies aside, you’ll also find statement pieces by Isabel Marant, Marc Jacobs and Stella McCartney, all at a fraction of the OG prices.While Mossy’s little sis doesn’t currently have anything for sale, she’s previously listed dresses, bras and jackets, mostly from high street retailers like H&M, River Island and Primark. She models the outfits herself, of course, shooting mirror selfies like a girl after our own hearts. Keep your eyes peeled for her next clear-out.Like this? You might also be interested in:We Tried On Six Outfits You Wouldn’t Guess Are From PrettyLittleThingWe Tried On Regular Sized Jeans That Tall Girls Can Get Away With12 Pieces That Prove Space Is The Next Big TrendFollow Jennifer on Instagram @barbiesnapsThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s 11pm. Bedtime beckons. “Oh, just a quick browse…” An hour later and there you are, the reality kicking in that you’ve spent half your pay check on summer dresses (Insert red faced emoji here). BUT THEY WERE ON SALE! Ah, online shopping: the ultimate love-hate relationship. General consensus on the Grazia Digital desk is Zara is the #1 culprit for our post pay-day splurge (no explanation necessary). But new data has revealed the most visited online store is in fact...ASOS.Internet marketing firm SEMrush revealed the online shopping habits in a new mammoth study, collecting traffic data; including direct-to-site, referral, search and social on a plethora of e-commerce sites including Zara, H&M and more.According to WWD, authors of the report said the company’s research ‘shows that social media channels can be useful for [fashion apparel] retailers. In fashion marketing, using different channels allows brands to connect with niche audiences and diverse demographics.’It goes without saying that when it comes to the social media branding game ASOS is winning, with 6.1 million Instagram followers, a slew of influencers ‘gramming away and celebrity fans including Elle Fanning, Gigi Hadid and Taylor Swift.Here’s SEMrush’s list of the the top fashion e-commerce sites based on traffic…READ MORE: This Is Bad News For London Workers Who Love Online ShoppingREAD MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels To Fall In Love With This Summer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Beating Topshop and H&M, the crowning glory of British fast-fashion, ASOS, has been anointed the most visited online shop. The data crunchers at internet marketing firm SEMrush has added up the numbers and found they come up on top.Using data around traffic, the numbers from online marketplace referral sites, like Shopstyle, search and social media, SEMrush were able to see that ASOS outranked its competition. This just goes to show the power of social media in making the tills ring and the power of online marketing. As ASOS don’t advertise in print or on TV and don’t have a bricks and mortar store their spending on capturing customers online has put the, ahead of the curve. Now excuse us while we go shop ASOS.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ten years ago, Trump was just a reality star with a property portfolio, May was a lowly MP for Maidenhead, and the world was a very different place. The pages of the Tory-supporting rags were more consumed with WAGs and David Beckham’s high pitch voice than the woes of the world. Oh, those were the days.In these hard and treacherous times, let’s cast our mind back to a simpler era. Say, when David Beckham was just a footballer, and Victoria Beckham was best known for her singing. It’s not just nostalgia that takes us back to the year 2007, it’s the fact that throughout his tumultuous decade the Beck’s have stayed together and proved they are the strongest power couple of them all.70% pout, 20% Dolce & Gabbana and 10% blonde highlights – no we’re not just talking about Victoria.The era of the beanie hat was in full swing, and it is our duty as members of the press never to let David forget the time this savage knitted affair engulfed his head.David had just made his move to Los Angeles and getting to grips with the transition from football to soccer, Vicky was trying a choppy new haircut, it was all change, change, change in the Beckham household.What do you wear to the airport? A fresh blowdry, heels and a £10,000 bag, obviously.‘It must be so hard for you, Victoria. I mean, having to decide whether to wear the little Gucci dress, the little Gucci dress, or... the little Gucci dress!’You know you’ve reached Britney and Justin levels of fame when it’s acceptable to wear matching jackets in public, and nobody blinks. Viva La Beckhams!Introducing the ‘Lob’ the definitive hairstyle of the mid-'00s. Also, can we take a second to appreciate how teeny Brooklyn Becks was in 2007?Liked this? You might also be interested in:14 Times Rachel Green Bossed Workwear In Friends11 Moments From Christina Aguilera’s Dirrty Video That Showed The MTV Age Was A Lawless AgeFlashback Friday To Britney Spears Defining 2002 In CrossroadsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Detachable jeans (otherwise known as ‘jorts’), IKEA’s big style debut (see Balenciaga and BYREDO for further details) and vinyl in every possible shade. It's fair to say this season has seen no shortage of unexpected fashion twists and turns among the street style set.Ever the sartorial rebel, Kendall Jenner’s favoured shoe this season are neither sandals nor suede mules but rather...White ankle sock boots. Yes, really.Sure, a pair she wore recently are Balenciaga beauties but the supermodel has long been a fan of Kurt Geiger’s cult white leather ‘Strut’ boots. For minimalist, off-duty chic she tends to pair hers with denim cut-offs, a plain white tee and yellow lens aviators (yep, daffodil specs are enjoying a rather colourful comeback too).Fellow Insta-darlings have also followed suit.  Selena Gomez last week styled her Stuart Weitzman’s Clinger Booties in bright white patent leather with a vest top and high-waisted linen trousers. Bella Hadid prefers a co-ord style a la Clueless. While her sister Gigi paired the unexpectedly versatile footwear with some striped trousers and a cropped tee for a more relaxed day look.For the fashion brave? Monochromatic is magic (all-white everything was a winner on SS17 catwalk and is more wearable than you think – you’re not treading on ‘60s pastiche/Baby Spice territory here, don’t worry). But for a softer take on the trend we’re also a fan of Swedish label Vagabond’s super comfy, low cut ankle boots with a sculpted heel.Time to put away the Birkenstocks for another day? Apparently so.Shop our edit of the best white ankle boots from Next to hot new shoe label to know NEOUS...Mini white patent leather ankle boot, £50, Daniel Footwear White sock boots 2of6Mini white patent leather ankle boot, £50, Daniel Footwear Loafer ankle boots, £35, Next'Olivia' boots, £80, VagabondStrut heel ankle boots, £165, Kurt GeigerLeather ankle boots, £515, NEOUSLeather ankle boots, £645, BalenciagaMain image: Instagram / @kendalljennerREAD MORE: Kendall Jenner's Ultimate Style EvolutionREAD MORE: Anita Pallenberg '60s Style: An Ode To The Rolling Stones Muse© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...According to the World Bank, around 20% of global water pollution is caused by textile processing, making it the second biggest polluter of freshwater resources on the planet. And with the ever-growing demand for fast fashion from our high-street retailers (and our consumption of clothing is only set to rise by 60% by 2030), we need to initiate the need for a dramatic change in the way that we produce and process clothing.A report released by the Changing Markets Foundation has found that factories producing viscose in Indonesia, China and India have been operating under questionable working practices, and highlights the environmental and social impact of the production of this fibre.Whilst viscose, a man-made cellulose fibre derived from wood pulp, is said to be a more sustainable and ethical alternative to materials such as polyester or cotton, it often isn’t due to its prevalent production methods and ‘toxic run-off’ which has been found to be contaminating local water supplies and increasing the chance of major health risks for those that work to create and manufacture this fibre.The report explains that, ‘because it is made from trees, and is therefore of ‘natural’ origin, viscose is categorised as a semi-synthetic fibre, which sets it apart from fully synthetic fibres such as polyester and nylon, which are derived from petrochemicals (e.g. oil). However, the ‘green’ label which fibre producers and clothes retailers routinely hang on viscose, is often very misleading and ignores the chemically intensive and highly polluting methods still used to manufacture this most versatile of materials.’The report goes on to explain how the production of this fibre has quite a chequered history and how viscose rayon has a reputation of causing severe human health impacts as a result of the chemicals used to produce it. In the report, a quote from Dr Paul Blanc, someone who has meticulously researched the history of viscose, states that ‘throughout most of the twentieth century, viscose rayon manufacturing was inextricably linked to widespread, severe, and often lethal illnesses among those employed in making it.’Additional problems in the manufacturing of this fibre have been caused by the increase in popularity of the ‘fast-fashion’ industry, which has transformed the production processes and consumption rates of our clothing. Whilst traditional fashion brands only release two collections a year, many high-street retailers are releasing between 16 to 20 collections a year and the effect of this is undeniable in terms of the amount of waste being generated at both the production and ‘post-consumer’ end.Many of us that have bought clothes from these types of ‘fast-fashion’ retailers have probably remarked at how clothing is no longer made to last in the same way that vintage clothing did, and this is in no small part due to the reduction of quality and durability of products that are being churned out in order to meet consumer’s expectations. And think about it, how often do we go online and browse the 'new in' section of our favourite clothing websites only to be disappointed that there aren't any new styles since we last checked two days ago?Another interesting point raised by this report is how in order to keep production costs down, the fashion industry has started to outsource production to cheaper places in the Global South, which offer both poorly protected workers and lax environmental standards. And this is an overriding issue with fast fashion, that this industry often places overwhelming pressure on workers in increasingly poor conductions to produce faster and faster in decreasing time constraints.In an interview with the Retail Gazette, Changing Markets campaign manager Natasha Hurley said, ‘cheap production, which is driven by the fast fashion industry, combined with lax enforcement of environmental regulations in China, India and Indonesia, is proving to be a toxic mix,’ she then adds ‘with water pollution increasingly being recognised as a major business risk, shifting to more sustainable production processes should be high on retailers’ agendas.’This report dramatically highlights the need for us to call for enhanced transparency and traceability throughout textile supply chains, as with transparency hopefully comes more accountability and responsibility for retailers and increased consciousness and awareness from consumers.You might also be interested in:Quick Links To All The Most Ethical Lines On The High StreetKatherine Hamnett's 'Choose NHS' Slogan Tee Is One We Can Get BehindHow 'Woke' Is Fashion Right Now?Follow Tara on Twitter @TaraPilksThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Renowned for floral brocade, geeky glasses and the reinvention of the pussybow blouse, Alessandro Michele brought back the fun and flamboyance fashion forgot when he took over the Gucci reigns in early 2015.From the most Instagrammable logo t-shirt there has ever been to the fur-lined backless loafer, the Gucci Effect' is well and truly in full swing.And this summer, we can all participate in Michele's romantic vision. Gucci has announced that the brand will take over one of London's most prestigious stores. The Italian fashion house is planning a month-long partnership with Harrods which will include a Gucci garden and an exclusive collection by Alessandro Michele (which will include limited edition pieces).The collaboration will also offer customers a DIY service, which will enable you to add your own personal stamp to stand-out Gucci pieces. We're talking everything from butterfly motifs to decorative patches.The event will also be an opportunity for you to preview the brand's debut women's fragrance, Gucci Bloom, which will be available from July 31st.Harrods' Chief Merchant, Helen David, is particularly thrilled to welcome Gucci in-store: "This exciting collaboration will provide our customers with the unique and inspiring opportunity to challenge their personal creativity with the same eclectic spirit that Alessandro Michele has brought to fashion."She continued: "In our floral-festooned Gucci wonderland, aficionados of the brand will be able to personalise their own statement items, from bags and shoes to ready-to-wear, in the ultimate interactive design experience. This is a true world-first exclusive with one of the hottest brands of the moment."Keep an eye out for further updates and in the meantime, get saving.READ MORE: Arket: What To Expect From H&M's Latest BrandREAD MORE: This Is Fashion's Next Buzzword© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Each summer, campsites across Britain, the coastlines of Spain, Croatia and the deserts of California become alive with the thumping base beats of festivals. Though people flock to far-flung fields and remote locations to indulge in live music, what they pack has become almost as important as what they are dancing to. Today, The Debrief kicks off a new series where we delve inside the luggage of some of the world’s most stylish festival goers.Many stars regularly head to music festivals, but few have mastered the art of packing for them quite like TV  and radio presenter Maya Jama. This rising star caused a stir in Coachella and is likely to do the same at Fresh Island Festival, which she is hosting later this summer. From high heels to fuschia suits, her festival fashion is anything but trad. See for yourself in the video below...Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Retro chic, ‘Boho’, ‘Rock ‘n’ Roll’. These buzzwords make the rounds every single fashion week, without fail. Oh the flares! The florals! The fringe! Here we are decades later, and there is something so alluring, so referenceable, about the ’60s and ‘70s rock groupies. Case in point: See Saint Laurent’s shows; the Hedi Slimane era.These women were more than ‘The Frontman’s Girlfriend’. They were the original influencers. Crowd-pleasing bohemians. Who made headlines for their blunt blonde fringes, floppy hats and OTT fur drapery just as much as who they were dating at the time. Their style overshadowed their sex life – hurray!You had your Marianne Faithfull, Jane Birkin, Bianca Jagger. And then there was of course, the coolly glamourous, Anita Pallenberg. Born in the mid 1940s to German and Italian parents, Pallenberg made a name for herself as a model and actress and hung out in New York in the ‘60s with Andy Warhol’s ‘Factory’ gang.Much like Warhol’s immortalised superstar - Edie Sedgwick - Pallenberg soon garnered an ‘It’ girl status, after relationships with Rolling Stones bandmates Brian Jones and Keith Richards threw her into the spotlight (the pair were together for 12 years and had three children together).Whether she was rocking a slip dress and furry jacket at a movie premiere or a white mini-dress at the airport, she was keen to have fun and play with clothes. Once declaring: ‘I’m completely anti-establishment; the only thing I like about the Queen are her scarves and her jewels. She knew what looked good - note to self: Big hats and skinny scarves are always a good idea - and gained a degree in fashion and textiles at Central Saint Martins in London in the 1990s.To celebrate the honorary Rolling Stones member, let’s take a look back at Anita Pallenberg’s timeless gypset style…READ MORE: Stevie Nicks's '70s Style: A Love Letter To The Queen Of BohoREAD MORE: 12 Of The Most Fashionable Films In Cinema History© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Trends are transient and so is fashion terminology. One minute we're talking all things athleisure and the next, we're seeking goodies drenched in millenial pink.But there's a newbie on the block. According to fashion site Lyst, 'Jetleisure' is set to be the next major player in the fashion dictionary:'Jetleisure'NounA luxury clothing category comprised of items that are worn on holiday and make an impact on Instagram. These items share unique features such as bold colours and patterns, sculptural shapes or slogans.“She packed the very best Jetleisure for her trip to Tulum”Synonyms : holiday clothing, statement beachwear.Search surrounding the 'It' labels under the new clothing category has increased by 408 percent year on year, resulting in 130 searches per minute. But why?Lyst's editor, Charlotte Austin, explained: "When it comes to holidays people are no longer packing for practicality but to look good in their Instagram photos, standing out against those pale beaches or cobbled streets and playing to those likes. The result is a rapid rise in searches for these niche luxury holiday brands that are meeting the demand."Who are the key players for 2017?With the rapid rise of 'Jetleisure', it's hard to keep up but thankfully Lyst has identified the major brands to seek inspo from this season...What do I need to pack to achieve 'Jetleisure' this season?Every blogger knows that finding the right beach dress for potential Instagram snaps is crucial. Whether they're planning on using Santorini's VSCO-effect views as a backdrop or Bali's '#nofilter' beaches, the dress is a must. And this season, there has been a 403 percent inrease in search according to Lyst.In May, interest surrounding the beach dress peaked as people searched for the garment once every three minutes.The sun hat is undoubtedly one of the most important accessories when it comes to perfecting the beach look this season. And one of brands to look out for is Eugenia Kim. With slogan-embroidered straw hats aplenty, there's never been a more Instagrammable accessory.According to Lyst, there have been over 11,600 posts on Instagram under the hashtag '#eugeniakim' and the brand has seen a phenomenal 93 percent increase in views.We're looking at Instagram heavyweights Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner. Never has there been such hype surrounding thigh-cut one-piece swimsuits (well, since the eighties anyway). So much so, that someone has searched for the cult garment every five minutes this year.The reigning brands? Maryisa and celeb-approved Solid & Striped are the most popular swimwear brands of 2017 so far. We know where we'll be purchasing our bikini this year...When searching for sandals, what are people looking for this season? According to Lyst, the style set are on the look out for 'embellished' footwear this summer.There has been a 72 percent increase in search for metallic espadrilles on Lyst while Greek-inspired sandals are the most viewed on the website.Yes, we're still blabbing on about the basket bag. But who can blame us? The data doesn't tell fibs and according to Lyst, there has been an increase in searches for the cult accessory this year. While browsing the Internet for potential buys, words such as 'fun' and 'bright' crop up quite often so make sure to bag a basket number complete with pompoms and embroidered wording.Though the fashion site also warns that the average price of a raffia bag has increased by 141 percent in the last year. So make sure to be quick before you're forced to fork out over £89.READ MORE: River Island Is Back On Our Radar This SeasonREAD MORE: Proof That Mango Is Officially The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The final countdown to Glastonbury is on, which means that festival season is officially in full swing. From here to September expect your Insta-feed to be maxed out with #festivalselfies, floral crowns and a school disco worth of glitter. We. Cannot. Wait. While we’re refreshing our Weather app, examining the line-up with forensic precision (tackling the Solange/Stormzy clash on Saturday night is our current dilemma. Answers on a postcard, please!) and digging out our tent pegs for another year, we’ve found a little time to up our fashion game.Inspired by the retro styling of our box-fresh new adidas Campus trainers, we’re bringing back some of our favourite old-skool inspired looks. Cool, comfy and versatile, whatever the line-up this summer they’re sure to see you through in style. See you at the front of the stage!GlastonburyThe ultimate all-rounder means our festival wardrobe needs to be ready for just about anything – including a spot of rain. We’ll be teaming our double denim with a smattering of sequins and a slick vinyl waterproof.Secret Garden PartyGlowsticks at the ready! At SGP anything and everything goes as long as it’s sprinkled with sequins or day-glo bright. As it’s the last time the festival gets underway we’ll be lacing up our raving shoes to see in the sunrise.Wireless FestivalBringing the best modern urban artists to London, Wireless is all about box-fresh trainers and retro sportswear with a bit of glamour thrown in for good measure. An old-school zip top will balance out a bold printed piece.LatitudeAll about the indie vibes, we’ll be heading back to the future with Nineties style fisherman hats, retro band T-shirts and grungy florals.Get a step ahead on your festival wardrobe with the new adidas Campus from Office.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to outerwear, Zara really is every fashion girl’s best friend. A floral kimono for that summer soirée? Luxe tux tailoring? A bright yellow jacket you never thought you needed until now? It’s all there. And while we like to think we can rest upon our own style instincts, we often find our next Z purchase inspo from the Instagram style set...The latest ‘It’ item from our high street hero to sell out is essential to any capsule wardrobe maker: The Power Blazer.The £59.99 black and white double-checked jacket was a firm favourite with fashion bloggers earlier this year – and for good reason (hello Working Girl-style shoulder pads, a healthy sized lapel collar and oh-so flattering shape thanks to some artfully positioned buttons). Thankfully, the famous piece is now back in stock in all sizes. Though we doubt this will be the case for long - so get in there quick.Ultimately, its lasting appeal rests in its ability to be worn as a chic workwear staple or layered over a plain white tee and a pair of your favourite jeans and for a sharp fashion-editor-on-the-go vibe.Happy shopping, Zara friends!READ MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels To Lust OverREAD MORE: This 'It' £26 Zara Skirt Is Now Back In Stock© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After less than a year in operation, Style.com is no more.Launched in 2000, Style.com was one of the first fashion sites for reporting industry news and carried an extensive catalogue of catwalk imagery. In 2016 the site was relaunched as a luxury shopping platform fusing together editorial content and commerce.However just 9 months after the UK launch (the site never reached its US launch date),  Condé Nast have decided to pull the project.If you type in Style.com into your browser you will now be automatically redirected to Farfetch. The publishing giant have formed a strategic partnership with the ever-growing e-commerce site and Farfetch has aquired Style.com's trademark, intellectual property and customer database. The partnership does not come as much of a surprise considering Condé Nast was one of Farfetch's original investors.'As an early investor in Farfetch, this partnership is the next step in our evolving business relationship. It further unites two leaders in their respective sectors, combining best-in-class content with the world’s leading online luxury shopping destination,' said Jonathan Newhouse, chairman and chief executive of Condé Nast International, who is joining the board of Farfetch.The fate of Style.com's 75 employees including fashion director Yasmin Sewell are not known at this stage.'Condé Nast and Farfetch will partner to create a best-in-class content-to-commerce shopping experience, which will include a seamless technology connection to easily enable Farfetch product integration into Condé Nast's content; shopping guides created by Condé Nast publications, highlighting products from Farfetch; and distribution of shoppable content across Condé Nast digital and social platforms,' the press release explained.Natalie Massenet, founder of Net-a-Porter and now co-chairman of Farfetch, stated: 'We are thrilled to be partnering with Condé Nast. Since 1999 I have believed in the importance of combining content and commerce in order to elevate the digital shopping experience... It will be thrilling to develop the next evolution of content and commerce with Anna Wintour and all the brilliant talented minds at Condé Nast.'Watch this space...READ MORE: The 15 Most Investible Designer HandbagsREAD MORE: Tommy Hilfiger Is Bringing His TOMMYNOW Show To London This SeptemberREAD MORE: The New Gap Film Everyone’s Talking About© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Smoke-filled, yes. But, a flight of fancy, no. Snoop Dogg may be best known as the weed-loving rapper who’s BFFs with Martha Stewart, but the reality is he’s also a dab hand at gauging the right beat in the fashion arena too. Want proof? His stonking collaboration with Joyrich this past weekend at LA’s equivalent to fashion week should quieten down any doubters.No stranger to fashion, Snoop use to run a line called Rich and Famous, but his debut at LA MADE Fashion Week was his first sartorial outing in seven years.  Styled by Anna Trevelyan and designed by his son, Cordell Broadus, in collaboration with LA label Joyrich, the collection was a veritable ode to Destiny’s Child and Mariah Carey.  The show cast a diverse range of fresh young faces and influencers, like Siobhan Bell, to party on stage in true Snoop style. Lifting references from Carey’s Loverboy video and Beyonce’s 2000s performance wardrobe, it was littered with silk bandana tops, denim bootie shorts, hair bobbles and vintage lowriders. In true West Coast style, the menswear was oversized, and the womenswear was biddy. This is the definition of Doggystyle.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Divisive denim: It’s a thing.Cast your minds back a few months ago and you may remember Kendall Jenner advocating ‘invisible jeans’– a questionable DIY trend where the outside seam runs all the way down your leg, connecting the jean hem around your ankle. Yep, we’re not entirely sold on this one.And now Gigi Hadid has got her hands on yet another questionable style for summer. Say hello to the most controversial designer ‘jorts’ that everyone's talking about RN...When hip New York-based label Opening Ceremony created a pair of  detachable jeans that turn into super-short shorts, the internet went into something of a fashion frenzy. The internet response was 90% negative– "how comfortable are they really?" a common reaction.‘These Y/Project trousers come in a 2-in-1 style with detachable straight-fit legs,’ the description reads. ‘The high-cut shorts and legs are held together with button tabs along the front and back.’We have to admit though that Gigi Hadid actually looks pretty good in her white pair. Opting for a laid back vibe (staying true to her Cali-girl roots), tucking a plain white tee into her multi-fuctioning denim and keeping her accessories minimal.Note: Less is more when it comes to this sartorial effort a la Gigi. Think Scandi-style jewellery, a micro bag (FYI: Hadid's is from NYC brand Stalvey) and nude suede pumps.Not quite ready to rock jorts just yet? From frayed styles to dopamine denim, here’s Grazia’s edit of the hottest Insta-approved denim trends to get on your radar this season.READ MORE: Gigi Hadid's Ultimate Style FileREAD MORE: The Gigi-Approved Sunglasses Brands You Need To Know© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It was one of our most cherished shopping destinations throughout our teen years. But ever since the early noughties, our relationship with the brand has sadly waned.Let's be honest, it all started when Spanish heart throb Zara landed on the high street. Soon, we were seeing the store behind River Island's back, dedicating Thursday lunch times to browsing the gloriously tempting 'New In' rails.But it seems all is forgiven, as the high street store that won over our teenage hearts has welcomed us back with open arms (and supersized sleeves) this season. Yep, River Island is back and has well and truly upped its sartorial game.Don't believe us? Look no further for the evidence...We may need to clear some room in our shoe closet. River Island has introduced some major players this season and we cannot get enough. We'll be taking these backless mules home, asap. Talk about tackling two trends in one fell swoop.Yes, blush pink still reigns as the 'It' shade of the season. And River Island has welcomed the trend wholeheartedly. We have our hearts set on this wrap-around blouse. We'll be teaming ours with peplum trousers and backless loafers for work.It doesn't take much to win us over. All it takes is some serious sleevage. And River Island has been providing their side of the deal.We're adding this gingham number to the top of our wish list this season. Pair with high-waisted trousers, mules and a basket bag.Still not convinced? Browse the gallery below, it's bound to change your mind:Credit: River IslandDream loafer alert. We cannot wait to bag these backless shoes. We'll be teaming ours with a white tee, blazer and frayed jeans this season. Simply trade deconstructed denim for peplum-hem trousers for work.Black Leather Loafers, River IslandRiver Island - Grazia2of10Dream loafer alert. We cannot wait to bag these backless shoes. We'll be teaming ours with a white tee, blazer and frayed jeans this season. Simply trade deconstructed denim for peplum-hem trousers for work.Black Leather Loafers, River IslandThese velvet mules are an absolute steal. Make sure to add to your basket before we do...Pink Velvet Knot Backless Loafers, £30, River IslandInject some colour into your wardrobe with the help of these cobalt blue mules. Blue Two Strap Mules, £24, River IslandYes, there's more pink... But we cannot get enough. We'll be wearing these trousers with white wooden mules and supersized sleeves. Pink Frill Hem Trousers, £38, River IslandEverything about this top is spot on. We'll be wearing ours with raw-hem jeans and velvet mules. Black Puff Sleeve Tie Front Blouse, £35, River IslandThe cold-shoulder cut is not going anywhere this season. We'll be working the trend with supersized sleeves. Pink Puff Sleeve Cold-Shoulder Top, £28, River IslandThis season, invest in transeasonal pieces. We'll be wearing these asymmetric trousers well into autumn. Black Frill Hem Trousers, £40, River IslandPuff sleeves? Check. Gingham? Check. Cold-shoulder cut? Check.  That's us sold. We'll be teaming this crop top with flared trousers and a basket bag. See you on the beach. Gingham Bardot Top, £26, River IslandSo good, we couldn't resist including both hues. Wear with pearl-embroidered trousers and pointed mules. Pink Puff Frill Sleeve Top, £35, River IslandHave you checked out River Island's Studio range? If not, why not? FYI, it's great. Powder Blue Top, £45, River IslandREAD MORE: 21 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New ZaraREAD MORE: How To Make Your Office Wardrobe Work In The Heat© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While it’s unlikely we’ll ever give over as much of our wardrobe space as we have to Zara, there’s no harm in at least attempting to diversify our shopping portfolio. For fans of the Spanish retailer, there’s another shop out there, which is not only owned by the same mother company (Inditex) but has the same hyper-trendy feel. However, it has one very important difference: it’s a little more upmarket. And, while this does affect the price (it’s a tad higher), it’s still just-about affordable (after payday, if you want to treat yourself) and comes with the added benefit of better quality. Get on board with Uterqüe now…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We have well and truly fallen under the Scandi spell. Over the past couple of years, our love of all things Nordic has blossomed. From last winter's desire to achieve hygge (no matter how many candles it took) to our weekly cinnamon bun from Fabrique, we have never strived to imitate a cultural aesthetic so much.And don't even get us started on the fashion. Our northern neighbours have an innate nack of curating minimal looks with equally minimal effort while still managing to look as though they have stepped out from the window of COS.But of course, the Nordic capitals are home to some of the most recognised fashion houses in the world. And H&M is by far one of the most powerful names in the retail industry right now. With & Other Stories, Cheap Monday, Weekday and Monki under its belt, it's hardly surprising.And now, the Swedish heavyweight has introduced a new venture to its pretty enviable portfolio. Arket. The best news? The brand spanking new store is set to open in London this summer. Yes, we've already started saving.Translating to 'sheet of paper', Arket is a lifetsyle brand with a difference. Using sustainable materials, the Swedish brand has been over two years in the making but promises to offer a 'modern-day market that will offer essential products for men, women, children and home'.Last week, the label finally previewed their debut collection at the Royal Geographical Society. Grazia's verdict? It is everything we could have hoped for and more.Here's everything you need to know about the new 'It' label:Think COS meets H&M. Arket aims to bring the high quality materials expected from luxury brands while maintaining a realistic price range. The label will introduce minimal basics, tailored classics and staple interchangeable pieces (workwear-come-weekend attire) to the market.And although there has only been a sneak preview of the brand so far, what we do know is to expect powder blue stripes, autumnal tones and structured shirts.Arket also understands that as a brand it can't bring perfection to every aspect of the store alone hence the decision to stock other major labels. Expect to find the likes of athleisure heavyweights Converse, Reebok and Nike. We already have our eyes set on a pair of Veja trainers...What sets Scandi brands apart from other high street labels is the sheer attention to detail. Shopping in a Swedish store is a highly immersive experience and you can expect to find everything from sustainable homeware to Scandi fashion magazines.Arket aims to achieve this luxe lifestyle concept. A café selling Nordic cuisine and freshly ground coffee will welcome customers in select stores. And we can confirm, it's every bit as delicious as it sounds.The store is set to open its debut London flagship store in late August (plenty of time to save up, right?) And you can expect to find menswear on the ground floor for a change while womenswear will sert up shop upstairs.A second London store has also been confirmed and Covent Garden has been chosen to play host to the new label later this year. Don't live in the capital? No need to worry, as the debut collection will also be available to shop online.Follow the brand on Instagram to keep up to date with the latest news.READ MORE: 15 Scandi Items To Covet Ahead Of Arket's London LaunchREAD MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A Scandi© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are many moments when heels feel appropriate. Graduation and board meetings for instance. But, for tripping over cobblestones in Manhattan, we’re not convinced. However, this past weekend, Gigi Hadid, made a strong case that suggests otherwise.If for five seconds, you can manage to take your eyes off the model’s baffling detachable booty short jeans from Y/Projects, you’ll see she’s tottering along in a pair of beige Aquazzura Heart Breaker Pumps.  Back, in 2002, it was every fashion editor’s go-to, but after the dawn of high-end sneakers, we could see little point in suffering through the stabbing pain of stilettos. However, one glance, at Gigi and we’re reconsidering.Maybe it’s because she’s wrapped the ankle ties of her heels over her jeans, or maybe it’s because it’s Gigi Hadid, but this is a 6pm shoe switch up we’re willing to try out. It’s a simple styling trick that just requires strappy shoes and straight leg jeans, but the impact is certainly eye-catching.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hands up if you avoid shopping for jeans unless you really, really have to? I feel you, pal. Especially because my legs are longer than high street average, which means while I may be able to reach that last box on a really high shelf, more often than not jeans look like knickerbockers on me. But, the positive to my peril is that over the years I’ve worked out which regular length jeans work just as well on slightly longer bodies. The trick is to be brave with shapes, embrace your ankles (and calves) and if all else fails, you’ve always got your trusty pair of black skinnies.MOTO Mid Blue Mom Jeans, £40, TopshopThere’s nothing more satisfying than an everyday pair of jeans that mould to your body shape with each wear. The hem cuts a bit higher on the calf than your standard pair of boyfriend jean,s but not so much so that they initiate pedal pusher flashbacks. Also, folded hems can also be unfolded you know.Cropped Flare Jeans, £49, WarehouseStraight leg jeans can be difficult and if too short can draw attention to all that bare ankle they don’t reach. But I bright colour paired with some high top trainers to bridge the gap between foot and hem evens everything out a bit.MOTO Pink Raw Hem Straight Leg Jeans, £40, TopshopIs it just us or does it feel like we’re looking at the world (Instagram) in rose (pink) coloured glasses? Viva millennial pink my friends. These cute ones have a nice amount of frayed hem and if you throw on a pair of your trusty heeled ankle boots, you can do that day-to-night thing that people with social lives like to do.Super Wide Cut Jeans, £59, WarehouseThere’s always something your mate makes you take into the changing room even though you said you didn’t like it. Then you reluctantly try it on only to find that you’re actually really into it and low key can’t imagine wearing anything else. This was that item. A wide leg on a tall body works a treat. I am a flare person now.Black High Waisted Going Out Jeggings, £40, River Island Hi, old friend. It’s me, the biggest enthusiast of a pair of plain black skinny jeans out there… Truth be told, these are actually jeggings but they serve a similar, if not the same, purpose. Every purpose. Good lookin’ out skinnies. Good lookin’ out.Like this? You might also be interested in… 5 Ways To Wear A Juicy Tracksuit Whether You Want To Look Like Paris Hilton Or Not‘That’s A Lot Of Skin’. The Complications Of Being A Tall Girl In A Short SkirtWe Tried On The Best Stuff For Tall Girls On The High Street So You Don’t Have ToFollow Jazmin on Instagram @JazKopotsha This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a galaxy not so far away, namely the digital high street, an interstellar trend is underway. While we might not be heading to Mars and back (if we’re honest, it’s more likely the pub), but that won’t stop us going into a black hole of NASA-inspired fashion. Sounds a bit geeky to you? Well, hold that thought because Chanel, Christopher Kane, Dior and Gucci have all given this trend their stamp of approval. So, we advise you get onboard now because it’s going to be a wild, escapism-fueled ride…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Once is an accident, twice is a coincidence and three times is an enemy action’, this is according to Auric Goldfinger, the enemy in, um, Goldfinger. A James Bond book and film. But forget who said it and why, because doing something three times, in the fashion world, makes something a trend.And as we saw Theresa May take to the count in her Maidenhead constituency last night, we noticed a trend. The outfit she was wearing: red skirt-suit with a blue and red patterned scarf, was on its third outing. We first saw May wearing it when she went to visit President Trump - you remember, the day he held her hand because, The Times suggested, he’s scared of stairs - and its second trip was for her only televised ‘debate’ with Jeremy Corbyn, when she went on Channel 4 to answer questions from Jeremy Paxman and the public.Now, before anyone suggests it’s somehow remiss to analyse these outfits, we don’t want to dissect Theresa May’s fashion because she is a woman. We want to dissect Theresa May’s fashion because she loves fashion, and uses it politically. She is an avid follower of fashion, gave a pre-snap election interview to US Vogue (not UK, note) where she said: ‘It’s important to be able to show that a woman can do a job like this and still be interested in clothes’ and during this election campaign boasted that a female researcher once told her ‘You know, your shoes got me involved in politics’.We asked a personal brand expert, Jennifer Holloway, her take on why Theresa’s worn the same power suit and scarf combo for three such noteworthy events.She would have thought it through. It’s not just ‘Oh, I’ll put this on again.’ Particularly in politics, for someone of her visibility, she knows how much information she’s conveying about her personal brand through her choices of clothes and accessories. People will read this in different ways, but I wonder if she’s intended it as ‘It’s not about the clothes, it’s about me and my policies, I’m wearing the same outfit, if this was a man, no-one would be making the same fuss.’  Also, I don’t know about you, but I don’t wear one thing once and never wear it again. I wonder if this choice was to make her seem down to earth to the electorateExactly. There’s also been a study done into something called enclosed cognition which shows that there are certain outfits that make us feel certain ways. I used to have a boss who would wear a red suit and when she came in you’d know she was either doing a board meeting, or she was going to bollock someone. You knew, she’d wear that red suit to make herself feel powerful in situations where she wasn’t otherwise feeling confident. The fact May has worn her red suit with Trump and in the debates and at the account makes me wonder if it’s her go-to power or confidence dress.Yes, and Nicola Sturgeon seems to do it, and Hillary Clinton had her white jacket in her campaign. It’s more noticeable when women do it, because there’s more variety that a woman can be putting out there, and people notice it more. A politician like David Cameron wouldn’t have turned up in a red jacket, but he may well have worn the same Savile Row pinstripe suit ten times but we don’t know because it doesn’t stand out.I don’t know how much of an effect that would have had on what people voted last night because it was a few weeks ago [it was actually in January]. She will have worn that red dress for a reason, not just ‘how it makes me appear to other people, but how it makes ME feel, too’And there we have it…she wore it for a reason, and we may never know, but there was a reason, still. Probably not ‘enemy action’, but really, a Conservative wearing red?!Liked this? You might also be interested in: Here's Why Theresa May Must Stick To Her Word And Call Donald Trump Out When He Says Or Does Something Unacceptable Here's Why Theresa May Won't Get What She Wants From Donald Trump Donald Trump Held Theresa May's Hand Because He's Afraid Of Stairs. No Joke. Follow Sophie on Twitter @SophWilkinsonThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The approval was clear during fashion month, the basket bag is a spring/summer must.Not only did we see them at the Gucci and Dolce & Gabbana shows but, taking the form of everything from baskets to bumbags, it was the receptacle of choice on the front row.Forget the memories of losing your phone for days on end amongst SPF miniatures and receipts and other nondescript bag paraphanalia, this season it's gone mini.Here are the straw styles to be shopping now...CrossbodyIt's probably the most practical and smartens up surprisingly easily. This L.F.Markey one is the shape of Victoria Beckham's hyped-up half moon bag and fits a lot.Buy: Wicker Shoulder Bag, £45, L.F.MarkeyBucket BagThough the bucket or basket shapes are kind of ridiculous, they are cute. Dress down the quirkiness with jeans and a simple shirt.Buy: Straw Basket, £58, Free PeopleMini ToteThe prim shape makes these the most eveningy of the options. Wear with an un-cutesy outfit to avoid looking cartoony and avoid too much pom-pom-age if you're trying to smarten it up.Buy: Cayu Mini St Tropez Tote, £59, J.CrewStraw ShopperOk, so we did say you wouldn't be losing things but the XXL straw bag is timeless. The classic carry-everything will serve you for summers to come, whether it's holding your laptop for work or your hammam towel for the beach.Buy: Happy Bag, £89, PlumoREAD MORE: In Defence Of The Bumbag© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s been 18 long years since Atomic Kitten first touched the charts (Christ, that makes me feel old). These days, pop stars are glossy Barbie dolls with perfect hair and flawless styling. But, that wasn’t always the case. Back in Atomic Kitten’s era, girl bands had shit highlights and dodgy color-coordinated wardrobes. They were normal and relatable. They looked like all of us on a girl’s night out with crimped waves and a Smirnoff Ice in hand - just flick to the left on Facebook photos for proof. For better or worse, celebrities, they were just like us!Can’t Fight The Moonlight was an anthem for everyone, obviously. Giving Liberty X a run for their money, the Atomics embraced leather flares and crop tops like their lives depend on it.For that prerequisite group dance around a handbag on the floor, at least one Kitten had to bring a bag, even if it only held a lipgloss and a Motorola Razr.Who didn’t strike this pose at Year 9 prom? You’re lying if you don’t admit to it. Vibing Destiny’s Child, this is Atomic Kitten asking if we’re ready for this jelly?There was a hot moment in the early 2000s when it was legit cool to like the union jack. So, obviously, when Natasha got the chance to show off her new wheels she wore a studded sleeveless top emblazoned with her patriotic inclination.Ask yourself, what was more glam in 2002 than a nice top and a pair of bootcut jeans?Long before Solange’s bridal party took squad shots wearing all white, there was Atomic Kitten at Party In The Park in 2001. In that classic girl group move, they wore similarly flared pants with matching tops with ever so slightly different necklines. Same, but different.Yes, she is wearing a sleeveless fleece and slip on trainers. And no, we don’t remember this ever being acceptable, even in 1999.Maybe it’s because I’m older, wiser but looking back through Getty Image’s magnum opus on the Kittens, it’s only now that I’ve realised just how touchy-feely they were with each other. Fact: Regardless of which interchangeable members were in the band, they were never photographed more than 3mm apart, and more often or not there would be a stray hand stroking a Juicy Couture-clad leg or a diamanted top.When you’re pregnant, but you’re not ready to tell everyone yet, consider making everyone around you dress the same and see if you all just merge into one black, honey-coloured highlighted blob.Whoever gave these girls racoon highlights needs to get in the sea. Stat. It was fine for you or me, with our at-home dye jobs paid for with pocket money and a Saturday job, but these girls were celebs and a fully trained, professional did this. No wonder, Prince Charles is wincing.This is what happened in the days before group chat. With no way of checking in, you ran the risk of all turning up in peddle pushers and pointed boots. Hard, cold truth.Liked this? You might also be interested in:14 Times Rachel Green Bossed Workwear In Friends11 Moments From Christina Aguilera’s Dirrty Video That Showed The MTV Age Was A Lawless AgeFlashback Friday To Britney Spears Defining 2002 In CrossroadsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The world's most successful blogger, Chiara Ferragni, has been taking the fashion world by storm, one outfit at a time. And now, with her latest collaboration with luxury Italian fashion brand TOD's, she's turned her hand to designing handbags and shoes. Seriously, is there anything she can't do?Chiara, who has garnered over 9.6 million Instagram followers, has partnered with TOD's artisan to produce custom-made versions of its iconic Gommino Shoes and Diodon bag.Chiara has chosen to make TOD's popular Gommino Shoes - which feature a branded double T metal clamp - a flattering shade of powder pink, making them ideal for summer. Similarly, the chic Diodon bag has also been customised in the same girly shade. And seeing as the prestigious Italian brand is renowned for its beautifully crafted pieces, you can expect that the shoes will be hand-stitched and made with the most luxurious of materials - ooh la la!Chiara choose to shoot her campaign with TOD's in the Amalfi Coast, as it's unique coastline, citrus scents and sunset colours help to reflect her heritage and partnership with the brand.Get an insider view of Chiara's specially designed capsule collection, dubbed 'ChiaraLovesTODs', in the clip below. And remember, if you want to get your hands on her stylish designs, then you can buy them in selected TOD's flagship stores and online at Tods.com. #chiaralovestodsREAD MORE: How To Make Your Office Wardrobe Work In The HeatREAD MORE: Lily-Rose Depp's Best Fashion Moments So Far© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It may not seem wise to spend your hard-earned pennies on a handbag, but research shows that cashing out on the right designer handbag could be the smartest investment you ever make.If you’re wanting to purchase a designer bag, it can be tricky to know which is worth the investment, as only some will increase in value over time. Luckily, online antique marketplace loveantiques.com have compiled a list of the 15 most investible handbags on the market, based on authenticity, condition, popularity and valuation, to help prospective buyers make the right decision.The list of the top 15 most investible handbags is as follows:1. Hermes Himalayan Crocodile Birkin bag, £293,9129. Chanel Timeless bag, £5,00010. Chanel 2.55 bag, £3,32211. Chanel Boy bag, £3,332The popularity of designer bags has skyrocketed and they are now considered collector’s items, meaning their worth and rate of growth outperforms that of housing prices.The value of an iconic Coco Chanel handbag, for example, has increased tenfold since it was launched. In 1955 you would have paid approximately £154 for the Chanel 2.55 bag, but now you would have to fork out well over £3,000.According to handbag expert and collector, Anneith Woollery, Birkin bags are the most investible. ‘Birkin bags have never experience a devaluation, they’re actually a more sound investment than a house.’Seeing as housing prices are a sore subject right now, and many of us are struggling to even get on a housing ladder, investing your money on a designer handbag isn’t as frivolous as it may seem, but actually very sensible.READ MORE: A Chanel Bag Could Be A Better Investment Than A House© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First things first: we all know the bum bag (or ‘fanny pack’, depending on which side of the pond you are from) is kind of hateful. But if you’re willing to overlook the obvious downsides — the aesthetics, the rep, the way it cinches your clothes… Take your pick — it has its benefits.We’re not talking about those vintage store bargain bin university throwbacks. The bumbag 2.0 been sleekened up and streamlined and, thanks to Gucci, it’s having a renaissance.They are undeniably practical — for holidays, festivals and days you want to carry nothing but your Dr Paw Paw — and, with the industry’s obsession with useability over the past few seasons, that's justification enough.And — quelle surp — they haven’t gone unnoticed by the Insta-fashion crowd. Kendall Jenner has been championing the trend with a brown leather Louis Vuitton bumbag, around her waist with a festival vibe Self-Portrait jumpsuit, but also around her shoulder over a striped Wolk Morain two-piece. The Kardashasisters have followed suit, with Kourtney wearing a classic Chanel over jeans.It's not just people related to Kimmy K who have fallen for their charm; Kate Hudson, Fergie, Rihanna, Matthew McConaughey.Here’s how you should be wearing the bumbag in 2017…BeltedStella reworked the classic bumbag at her SS17 show, dressing models in knitted skirts and tops with belt bumbags. Recreate on your summer vacay but don't wear over anything remotely A-line or floaty as you risk looking like a hot air balloon.Buy: Kirsty Ward Leather Bumbag, £135, Young British DesignersWaistedIt’s the simplest way to get around the ruching issue — wear it around your waist over a high-waisted trouser. You may looking a little teeny-bopper, but just ensure your choice of bumbag is fash enough to deal with it.Buy: Maxwell Scott Leather Bumbag, £152, Wolf & BadgerShoulder ItKendall and rumoured bf A$AP Rocky have been hashtag twinning with their choice of retro accessories. The rapper wore his Balenciaga bag over over an orange fleece and under a pink puffa — proof he can wear literally anything, even the most dad uniform clothes, and make it look cool.Buy: Fifteen Hip Pack in Apricot Blush, £25, Herschel SupplyREAD MORE: Are Kendall Jenner And A$AP Rocky Engaged?READ MORE: The Fashion Girl's Guide To Rainy Day Footwear© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The weather is finally starting to look up (well, it's stopped raining at least) and what better excuse to finally shop for summer's most essential item?According to fashion site Lyst, June 7th is the most popular day of the year to close the biggest fashion deal of the summer. Yes, it's time to shop for swimwear...But if you find looking for the perfect swimsuit/bikini/panelled two-piece tricky, you're not alone. According to Lyst, it takes shoppers approximately three times longer to find the perfect swim attire in comparison to any other fashion item. And even when you think you've found 'The One', you'll still revisit the page four times before committing to your checkout decision.And with swimwear being the most returned clothing category of all time (Lyst reports that 45 percent of swimsuits purchased so far this season have already been sent back), how do you make sure that you're making the right decision?Look no further for sartorial guidance this season...According to Lyst, the biggest swimwear trend this season is the red one-piece. Surely the release of Baywatch can't be merely a coincidence, no? While other high-cut styles are also highly sought after this summer. Think like Instagram heavyweights Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid and channel a '90s-inspired vacay aesthetic.Last season, all we could talk about was Hunza G (well, this season too). But Marysia Swim is quickly becoming the most sought after swimwear brand, courtesy of a dedicated Insta-fanbase.Shopping for swimwear you'll feel great in can be daunting. But Lyst has launched a brand spanking new tool designed to help you make the right decision the first time this summer.Their new swimseeker device will enable you to search for the perfect swimsuit or two-piece by taking into consideration your colour preference, which body parts you wish to conceal and which you want to show off on the beach this summer. Simply follow our step-by-step guide...Step OneYou're just moments away from finding the right swimwear for you this summer. Simply start by choosing which area of your body you are most confident in showing off.This will help narrow down which swimwear options you wouldn't consider.the varying swimwear cateories.Step TwoYou'll then be presented with a range of colour schemes. Choose whichever hue will make you feel great this summer.FYI, the pink and red color combo is major news this season...Step ThreeYou'll now be asked to choose which style you'd prefer to don.Whether you're looking for a modest one-piece or a ruffled bikini...Step FourNow, the tool will take into consideration your choices and will pull out the most relevant pieces for you to shop this season.Now all you need to do is head to the check out...Try the tool for yourself this summer.READ MORE: This Is The Spanish Fashion Brand You Need To Know AboutREAD MORE: The Items Everyone Is Coveting This Summer According To Pinterest© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With one day to go until the public turn out to vote in the general election, the party battle lines have been drawn. And, one which became ever more current in the wake of this past months' terror attack touches on the future of the NHS. Funding cuts, stagnant pay and doctors lured overseas have all made the NHS a massive feature of this election And in the wake of the emergency services fast, life-saving actions in Manchester and London, it’s become more transparent how reliant we are on their work.Designer Katherine Hamnett has risked everything to put her political point across throughout her career. Whether it’s championing a greener future or accosting Margaret Thatcher in a provocative slogan top, her opinions are her USP. So, it’s no surprise that the lady who made a t-shirt reading ‘Use A Condom’, has chosen this moment to highlight the importance of a free health care service for all.‘Save The NHS Vote Labour’ and ‘No Tuition Fees Vote Labour’ are just two of the refrains stamped in block letters across Hamnett’s campaign t-shirt collection. Each item top costs £19 and is made from 100% organic cotton in a wind-powered factory. Proceeds from the sales of these low-carbon emission tops will be donated to the Momentum campaign.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How To Wear A Political Statement Like It’s No BiggieWhat Is Tactical Voting And How Can I Do It?It's 2017 And Apparently, This Is How We're Recruiting Nurses...Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether or not you went to yours with a plastic peony on your wrist, you’ll agree that corsages are about as polarising as accessories get. So why is Medine’s man-repelling gang wearing them again? Are corsages the biggest comeback since Crocs or are they still the height of naff?This might be a moot point - surely their very naffness is what makes them appealing. They’re also cheerful and quite the challenge (i.e. how can I wear a flower on my chest without people thinking water’s about to squirt from it). Here are five ways to wear them without looking like you’re dressing for an SATC reunion.Yes, that’s really me with an orange corsage topping my bun like a cherry would a sundae. I thought corsages should never migrate above the shoulders - after all an up-do plus flower equals bridesmaid - but I’m sticking my neck out and calling it ‘perky’. You do have to take extra care with your outfit; one false move with a cardigan or pair of chinos and you’ll look like Miss Honey. I would suggest doubling up on the florals with a petal-printed blouse, that way your corsage will look purposeful instead of like it fell on your head after a walk through the park.Jenna Lyons might have left J.Crew, but her legacy of khaki jackets endures. Witness her utility jacket dotted with daisy brooches at this year’s Met Gala, and try telling me you don’t believe in corsages. Get a cargo jacket pronto - H&M has one for £29.99 - and pin your corsage proudly on the pocket. The rest is up to you, but I’d suggest ripped jean shorts, a slogan tee and something cute on your feet like gold loafers or furry pool slides.It takes a brave lady to wear a corsage at the collar. At Gucci, they came sitting at the throat of a pussy bow, but that seems too costume drama for real life. Apparently not, if you nail the outfit like Pandora Sykes, who wore hers at the collar of a Peter Pan blouse and looped a black ribbon around it. Cos’s round-collared, ticker-striped shirt fits the bill (£45); try wearing it with giant earrings and dungarees to tick the vintage and prepster boxes.At the risk of sounding like Kate Winslet in The Holiday saying, ‘I’m looking for corny in my life’ after she's given a corsage, a flower on the wrist is tempting in summer. Avoid affixing it to a ribbon unless you want to look like Darren from next door is about to whisk you to the leavers’ ball. Instead, attach it to a silk neck scarf - Accessorize has corsages that come with clips, so you don’t leave pin marks behind (£7) - and knot it around your wrist. Wear with something artless like straight-legged jeans or a slip dress and, trust me, you’ll have a micro trend on your hands (literally).The most seemingly straightforward option, but there are pitfalls aplenty. Be vigilant about the blazer you choose. Too boxy and you’ll look like a geography teacher going through a fruity phase, too tailored and it’s like you’ve lost your way to Ascot. Your corsage should also be on the large side - anything tiddly will get lost and look accidental. Gucci’s.%20Here%20are%20five%20ways%20to%20wear%20them%20without%20looking%20like%20you’re%20dressing%20for%20an%20SATC%20reunion.%201.%20As%20A%20Bun%20Topper%20Yes,%20that’s%20really%20me%20with%20an%20orange%20corsage%20topping%20my%20bun%20like%20a%20cherry%20would%20a%20sundae.%20I%20thought%20corsages%20should%20never%20migrate%20above%20the%20shoulders%20-%20after%20all%20an%20up-do%20plus%20flower%20equals%20bridesmaid%20-%20but%20I’m%20sticking%20my%20neck%20out%20and%20calling%20it%20‘perky’.%20You%20do%20have%20to%20take%20extra%20care%20with%20your%20outfit;%20one%20false%20move%20with%20a%20cardigan%20or%20pair%20of%20chinos%20and%20you’ll%20look%20like%20Miss%20Honey.%20I%20would%20suggest%20doubling%20up%20on%20the%20florals%20with%20a%20petal-printed%20blouse,%20that%20way%20your%20corsage%20will%20look%20purposeful%20instead%20of%20like%20it%20fell%20on%20your%20head%20after%20a%20walk%20through%20the%20park.%202.%20On%20The%20Pocket%20Of%20A%20Utility%20Jacket%20Jenna%20Lyons%20might%20have%20left%20J.Crew,%20but%20her%20legacy%20of%20khaki%20jackets%20endures.%20Witness%20her%20utility%20jacket%20dotted%20with%20daisy%20brooches%20at%20this%20year’s%20Met%20Gala,%20and%20try%20telling%20me%20you%20don’t%20believe%20in%20corsages.%20Get%20a%20cargo%20jacket%20pronto%20-%20H&M%20has%20one%20for%20£29.99%20-%20and%20pin%20your%20corsage%20proudly%20on%20the%20pocket.%20The%20rest%20is%20up%20to%20you,%20but%20I’d%20suggest%20ripped%20jean%20shorts,%20a%20slogan%20tee%20and%20something%20cute%20on%20your%20feet%20like%20gold%20loafers%20or%20furry%20pool%20slides.%203.%20At%20The%20Collar%20With%20A%20Black%20Ribbon%20It%20takes%20a%20brave%20lady%20to%20wear%20a%20corsage%20at%20the%20collar.%20At%20Gucci,%20they%20came%20sitting%20at%20the%20throat%20of%20a%20pussy%20bow,%20but%20that%20seems%20too%20costume%20drama%20for%20real%20life.%20Apparently%20not,%20if%20you%20nail%20the%20outfit%20like%20Pandora%20Sykes,%20who%20wore%20hers%20at%20the%20collar%20of%20a%20Peter%20Pan%20blouse%20and%20looped%20a%20black%20ribbon%20around%20it.%20Cos’s%20round-collared,%20ticker-striped%20shirt%20fits%20the%20bill%20(£45);%20try%20wearing%20it%20with%20giant%20earrings%20and%20dungarees%20to%20tick%20the%20vintage%20and%20prepster%20boxes.%204.%20On%20Your%20Wrist%20At%20the%20risk%20of%20sounding%20like%20Kate%20Winslet%20in%20The%20Holiday%20saying,%20‘I’m%20looking%20for%20corny%20in%20my%20life’%20after%20she's%20given%20a%20corsage,%20a%20flower%20on%20the%20wrist%20is%20tempting%20in%20summer.%20Avoid%20affixing%20it%20to%20a%20ribbon%20unless%20you%20want%20to%20look%20like%20Darren%20from%20next%20door%20is%20about%20to%20whisk%20you%20to%20the%20leavers’%20ball.%20Instead,%20attach%20it%20to%20a%20silk%20neck%20scarf%20-%20Accessorize%20has%20corsages%20that%20come%20with%20clips,%20so%20you%20don’t%20leave%20pin%20marks%20behind%20(£7)%20-%20and%20knot%20it%20around%20your%20wrist.%20Wear%20with%20something%20artless%20like%20straight-legged%20jeans%20or%20a%20slip%20dress%20and,%20trust%20me,%20you’ll%20have%20a%20micro%20trend%20on%20your%20hands%20(literally).%20%20%205.%20On%20Your%20Lapel%20The%20most%20seemingly%20straightforward%20option,%20but%20there%20are%20pitfalls%20a%20plenty.%20Be%20vigilant%20about%20%20the%20blazer%20you%20choose.%20Too%20boxy%20and%20you’ll%20look%20like%20a%20geography%20teacher%20going%20through%20a%20fruity%20phase,%20too%20tailored%20and%20it’s%20like%20you’ve%20lost%20your%20way%20to%20Ascot.%20Your%20corsage%20should%20also%20be%20on%20the%20large%20side%20-%20anything%20tiddly%20will%20get%20lost%20and%20look%20accidental.%20Gucci’s%20blue%20petalled%20beauty%20is%20£320;%20I%20pinned%20it%20on%20a%20wallpaper-patterned%20Mother%20of%20Pearl%20blazer%20and%20felt%20like%20men%20must%20do%20when%20they%20have%20a%20flower%20threaded%20in%20their%20buttonhole.%20Go%20with%20the%20dandy%20professor%20vibe%20this%20time%20and%20pair%20with%20loafers%20and%20a%20Penguin%20Classics%20paperback.%20) blue petaled beauty is £320; I pinned it on a wallpaper-patterned Mother of Pearl blazer and felt like men must do when they have a flower threaded in their buttonhole. Go with the dandy professor vibe this time and pair with loafers and a Penguin Classics paperback.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Nars Has Expanded Its Orgasm RangeWhat Happens When You Try And Wear Trend Pvc Mules For A Full Day At WorkIt’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs NowFollow Natalie on Instagram @nataliehammondThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Holiday checklist: floral dress, check. Sandals, check. Straw hat and straw bag, double check. Factor 50 suncream, check. The perfect stylish bikini, check check check. Now all that's left is to get a beach towel you're proud to show off.We're here to help. Shop the most stylish beach towels in our edit, below. From round beach towels to beach towels with pockets, and even beach towel clips, there'll definitely be something here for you.Round beach towels are more chic than rectangle ones, simple. And this one from The Beach People will make you the envy of all the beach-goers on holiday.The Beach People Avalon round cotton-terry towel, £90 from Net-a-PorterWhether you're slipping and sliding around or it's a blustery day, keeping your beach towel in place on your sunbed is a struggle. The answer: beach towel clips. But they don't have to resemble your washing line pegs, they can be a little more fancy...Flamingo beach towel clips, £4 from MatalanMake your lounging-in-the-sun session even sweeter by getting yourself a beach towel with pockets. Fill the pockets with books, suncream, sunglasses, water, snacks - anything you need!Beach towel with pockets, £28.51 from EtsyWhen it comes to beach towels, the bigger, the better. You can lay in all manner of positions without getting sandy. Hey, you could even fit another person on it.Flamingo beach towel, £48 from AnthropologieShop the gallery below for more great beach towel buys:Beach towel, £35 from BodenBest Beach Towels - Grazia2of9Beach towel, £35 from BodenThe Beach People Dream Time round cotton-terry towel, £90 from Net-a-PorterPineapple Glam Beach Towel, £12.50 from M&SCalvin Klein core colour block towel, £50 from ASOSCoastal Newfoundland Beach Towel, £15 from John LewisWhale Beach Towel, £15 from John LewisExtra Large Beach Blanket Hammam Style, £42.50 from Not On The High StreetFendi Logo Beach Towel, £180 from MATCHESFASHION.COMDolce and Gabbana printed cotton-terry towel, £485 from Net-a-porterREAD MORE: The Prettiest Floral Dresses For SS17READ MORE: The Best Basket Bags & Straw Bags To Buy Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not a day goes by when the internet doesn’t click bait us into looking at THE somethingest something… And, as you’ll be well aware, it’s pretty much never is.The same can’t be said for Claire Courtin-Clarins’ wedding ensemble. (… Yes, that’s Claire Courtin-Clarins of the Clarins cosmetics dynasty, grandaughter of founder Jacques and sister of Virginie.)Tall, cool, French, beautiful (and an artist), she could have worn pretty much anything and got the fashion crowd talking and the Instagram like mill whirring. Instead she opted for a full Jacquemus SS17 catwalk look, comprising a puff-sleeved mannish shirt, a waist coat and a wide-brimmed straw hat. The result was kind of Amish, a bit Little House On The Prairie, and overall: excellent.The collection, which Simon Porte Jacquemus — the founder of the eponymous label — showed at Paris Fashion Week, was inspired by Provençal culture and his childhood in the south of France.Courtin-Clarins made a few bridal-appropriate edits, wearing the thigh-skimming shirt closed. She also swapped the square toe sling-back pumps for boots and wore her blonde hair in a neat high plait. She accessorised, not with a cotton umbrella, but — true to form and family — a Clarins umbrella.If we could all be a little more Claire Courtin-Clarins…READ MORE: The Most Iconic Wedding Dresses Of All TimeREAD MORE: This Is The Reason Wedding Dresses Are Traditionally White© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...So the weather isn't exactly screaming summer right now but we're slowly battling our way through June (who cares if we're armed with brollies?). And as we finally enter the highly anticipated summer months, it can only mean one thing, right? Yes, it's time to shop.But with holidays booked and weddings to attend, where do we even start? Well, we're pleased to say that there is no need to fear, as our friends at Pinterest have tracked down the trends we're all coveting this season.So next time you're hitting the high street, make sure to keep an eye out for these four must-haves...We'd be fibbing if we told you that we haven't been on a mad hunt for a straw bag that's suitable for the beach, work and gym. It's proving tricky, we'll tell you that. So it's hardly surprising to learn that search for structured wicker bags has risen by 90 percent since the beginning of the year.If you've yet to find the 'the one', make sure to check out our edit (FYI, you'll want them all).Long gone are the days we left white denim to the Sloane Rangers. This season, we're all looking to channel the '90s trend. We've probably got the likes of Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner to thank.According to Pinterest, search for white denim is up by 235 percent since the beginning of the year. So make sure to secure the best buys before we do...'Tis the season for espadrilles and backless tops. And evidence proves our theory. Search for tie back tops in particular, has increased by 165 percent since the beginning of the year.When shopping for the trend, high street heroes, Zara and Mango, are your best bet.Whether you're more of a florals girl or a monochrome devotee, the wrap dress should be at the top of your wish list this season.According to Pinterest, search for the style has increased by 100 percent. We'll be seeking inspiration from style muse and DJ Whinnie Williams this season.READ MORE: 21 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New ZaraREAD MORE: How To Make Your Office Wardrobe Work In The Heat© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The same thing happens every year: it gets to June, we have a few blazingly hot days and we pack away anything that’s not swimwear, straw bags or sandals.Then, England remembers it's England, the skies open, we all get drenched walking to the tube and spend the day sitting bare foot at the desk with our shoes on the radiator, vowing not to step outside without a closed toe for the rest of the year.Though it’s tempting to risk it on a semi-grey morning, nothing will ruin your new Bimba Y Lola rope sandals like a flash flood. So, instead, here’s what you should wear when your weather app says: rain…Hiking BootsJust when we’d got used to (and over) a zero heel, there’s a new even more practical footwear trend: the sensible boot. And, unsurprisingly, the chunky shape and construction chic laces make them ideal for the wet weather. Look to Acne’s Telde style for bootspiration.Prim PumpsIt’s the unlikely rain shoe. Though the pump isn’t #1 for coverage, they’re watertight and the silhouette balances the probably-puffy outer-layers. Everyone went mad for a midi but, if you can face a couple of extra inches, they will make up for in style points what they lose in walkability.Skate Shoes Yes, still. Though we’ve pretty much reached saturation point now the Vans Old Skool is on the feet of approximately 92% of millennials, the skate shoe is a rain survivor. The rubber sole is high enough to stop the immediate soakage and the suede is rain-resistant.High-Shine Boots Metallic vs patent… Whatever your finish of choice, they’re the fash pack’s favourite way to get around a grey day. They strike a good balance between made-an-effort and sensibly water-resistant. Wear under a trouser or skirt, making sure there’s no skin window in between.Sporty SneaksThe obvious dashing-out-the-door footwear choice when the forecast says rain, though the trainer won’t keep the water out for too long, they’ll survive a good soaking. Fine for days you can put them on the radiator at work, ill-advised if you’re running between appointments.READ MORE: How To Remain Fashionable Even When It RainsREAD MORE: Add These Summer Must-Haves To Your Shopping Basket, ASAP© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...She’s tall, she’s blonde, and she wears a long line, silk jacket with aplomb. No, we’re not talking about one of the Olsen twins, but Gigi Hadid. The model attended last night’s CFDA Fashion Awards in New York in a full-length cream coat and matching maxi dress by The Row, which just so happens to be Mary-Kate and Ashley’s own label. Channelling the twins, she wore her hair loose and took to the millennial pink and cobalt blue carpet in flats (by Stuart Weitzman with crystal embellishments, if you’re interested).The overall effect was clean, lean and a clear win. Making long-sleeves and a single, sparkling choker look inviting for summer, it’s a world away from bridal fashion, even though she’s wearing head-to-toe white. Yet again, Gigi makes simple look luxe and effort-free.Those supposedly in the know like to go on about the Met Gala being the fashion Oscar’s, but the reality is the CFDA Fashion Awards is where style set royalty really turn it out. The yearly event, hosted by The Council Of Fashion Designers of America honours American brands, designers, models and luminaries and pulls in an enviably chic array of guests. Along with Gigi, Bella Hadid attended in Off-White, Nicole Kidman in Oscar de la Renta, Hailey Baldwin in Cushnie et Ochs, Alek Wek in Balenciaga, Lupita Nyong’o in Jason Wu and Diane Kruger in Monse.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While there might be thousands of reasons why you might need a new dress, a matrimonial event is the real deal breaker. Choosing an outfit for a day where there will be constant camera bulbs flashing is a high-pressure situation. The ultimate frock, skirt or top can be the make-or-break moment between a carefree candid shot and a disaster photo. There is one brand we always rely on to steer us in the right direction, it’s called Rixo London and is resolutely British in its quirkiness and modern use of clashing prints. Though the price point isn’t pocket money-friendly, it’s certainly worth saving for!Like This? Then You Might Also Be Interested In: Rixo: London's Newest It Label That's Reformation Meets Finery How To Wear A Political Statement Like It's No BiggieHow To Wear Head-To-Toe Logos Without Looking Like A DickThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It seems Edward Enninful isn’t using the time before he takes the helm as editor of British Vogue in August to kick back and relax. Instead, he’s directed, cast and styled a film for Gap called Bridging The Gap, celebrating American optimism.The cast comprises celebrities Enninful has worked with and championed in his lengthy career, which has taken him through i-D Magazine, American Vogue, Italian Vogue and W Magazine.It includes rapper Wiz Khalifa, models Alek Wek, Lineisy Aboah and Maria Borges, and actress Priyanka Chopra.The one and a half-minute clip sees them singing and dancing to Boney M’s Sunny wearing classic white Gap tees.Though beautiful people who can sing and dance, unsurprisingly, makes for easy-watching, there’s a more significant take-home message. From all different backgrounds and industries, and of all different ages and sizes, they are unique yet united.Edward Enninful says: “I love the optimistic American style that Gap celebrates and the simplicity of the basic white T-shirt that allows you to be yourself. Growing up, I loved the imagery I saw from America as it celebrated being the land of the free and home of the brave. This project is about authenticity and people living their truths.”READ MORE: The Body Positive Movement Taking Instagram By StormREAD MORE: The Items Everyone Is Coveting This Summer, According To Pinterest© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion world is sadly growing to be recognised as a transient and throw-away industry. And no wonder, as we don't know about you but we're struggling to keep up. One minute we're being told that '70s spandex are 'in' and the next, we're desperately seeking an Instagram-friendly slogan tee.And let's be frank, we're never truly satisfied. From our weekly pilgrimage to Zara to our nightly scrolls through Mango's 'New In' section, we're never not on the hunt for yet more items to introduce to our overflowing wardrobes.But two Spanish designers have sought to change our sartorial philosophy once and for all. Let us introduce you to Sunad, the up-and-coming label with a refreshing message.Parsons graduates, Ana Marroquin and Paloma Canut, are the creative masterminds behind the sustainable brand. Having met while studying Design Management, the duo understood the need for an environmentally friendly and affordable line.Inspired by their love of nature (Sunad is an anagram of dunes) and the enviable charisma and aesthetic of the '70s Yves Saint Laurent woman, the designer duo came up with the concept for the shirt-based brand.Having initially sought inspiration from 1986 film, 'Out Of Africa', the friends deliver desert-themed collections made from 100 percent natural fibres season after season. And the best part? Each shirt is handcrafted in their hometown of Madrid.Grazia caught up with the design duo to get the lowdown on what defines the Spanish aesthetic, who they namecheck as their female role models and why everyone should count the '70s Yves Saint Laurent woman as their spring/summer '17 style muse..."It was a very simple start actually. We both loved shirts and struggled to find a product that was ethically made, with natural fibres and that was fairly priced. We were surrounded by either fast fashion products or luxury designer pieces that weren’t always easy on the pocket.That was the starting point, and from there we’ve decided to only focus on shirts to make sure that we perfect our product and that what we are putting out there is indeed a product that we’re proud of.""Having studied at Parsons, we were always encouraged to find inspiration in everything and that’s something we’ve really taken on in Sunad. We both have different interests which also opens our scope of inspiration. But ultimately, inspiration varies from season to season.For example, for our next autumn/winter collection we were inspired by the 1953 film 'Mogambo', that elegant safari look that both Ava Gardner and Grace Kelly master. However, for spring/summer '18 we’re going back to our roots and really pulling inspiration from Spain and especially the South of Spain. The colours are earthy and natural combinations that are easily found in our country.""It seems odd, doesn’t it? But we actually do. Often coming from different disciplines within the design industry can really benefit the design process in the team. Ana has certain interests and has seen different colour combinations, textures or cuts that then can be somewhat recreated in a shirt.And the same goes for Paloma, she has seen photos where fabrics moved in different ways, colours, or landscapes that will then inspire a shirt.""The Sunad customer is someone adventurous, strong and curious about the world and its cultures. Someone who thinks globally and values quality over quantity above all.""Both of us have amazing role models in our family. Our grandmothers and mothers have been an incredible source of inspiration for us. We’ve always thought that they too were that woman that Yves Saint Laurent designed for. A woman that wasn’t scared to live life, that was inspired by many things, spoke their mind and were able to do all that while still looking great. In a way it’s a tribute brand to that era and that woman yet with a modern twist.""We’re especially inspired by entrepreneurs that share our concern for the environment and ethical workplaces like Haley Boyd from Marais USA. Or by women like Carlota Guerrero, who are comfortable in their own skin and try to normalise the female body so as to not always be seen in a sexual way through their creative work. These are just a few examples but the list is endless...""From a consumer point of view, yes. It seems like everyone is becoming more aware of the harm synthetics make to the environment, not only during the production process but also through the product’s life.However, it’s become very hard to find fabrics that are 100 percent natural, most fabric suppliers have reduced or even stopped producing them as a result of the lesser cost of synthetics. The variety that becomes available to us is a tiny percentage of what’s created worldwide.""Our iconic Sahara has always been a top seller, along with our basic Kalahari. This season we introduced the Karoo style in two colours, one of which is a collaboration with Miami-based artist Danielle Romero of Flora + Form studio, these too have done incredibly well.Each season we create one product that is inspired by a shirt and they always do great. Last season it was the Thar dress and this season the Tamani jumpsuit. Stay tuned for the Sonora jackets next season...""Madrid is an old and classic city. I wouldn’t say people here are (in general) super trend-focused but instead strive to dress more classic and elegant. A Russian friend of ours was just visiting and she became obsessed with Madrid’s old ladies, who look incredible even if they’re shopping at the market.""In a way, yes. We would never release something that we don’t like or wouldn't wear just because we think it would sell. We try to stay true to who we are as designers as well as to our brand’s philosophy which also shapes our fashion aesthetic."Shop Sunad's spring/summer '17 on the website. For updates, make sure to follow them on Instagram.READ MORE: Exclusive: The 'It' Lingerie Brand The Style Set Are Obsessed WithREAD MORE: Exclusive: The 'It' Accessory A-listers Are Taking On Holiday This Summer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...One minute it’s boiling, the next it’s raining, who can keep up? Ensure your wardrobe is weather resistant by investing in a dress that you can wear now with layers and then with bare arms and legs later. Try slip dresses over t-shirts and polo necks or long gowns and shirt dresses over tailored cigarette pants and kick flares for a modern twist on the ‘90s dress-over-trousers trend. Experiment, have fun and just remember not everything has to meticulously match!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I am a woman of few talents and I am about to list them in order of least helpful to most helpful. Buckle up…I can burp the alphabet ('H' is the trickiest letter to perfect but I won't move on to 'I' until I've nailed it; I'm nothing if not professional). I have learnt to survive on Galaxy Counters alone. (This either makes me incredibly close to death or superhuman. You decide which.) And, lastly (I told you there weren't many), I can sieve through pages galore of the most exhaustive online clothing site and come up smelling of delivery bags. It's the latter talent that provided me with the tools to effectively bring you a definitive selfie selection of the most bodacious threads Pretty Little Thing has to offer. Grubs up, folk!PLT, Aaliyah White Frill Detail Mini Dress, £28Is it Jacquemus? Nope. Johanna Ortiz? Nein. Caroline Constas? Negative. All things considered, you'd be forgiven for thinking that this, ahem, PLT wasn't a result of a spur-of-the-moment Net-a-Porter splurge. Nah-uh, honey. Bypass the hefty price-tag and bag this bad boy for only £28. How does that saying go? 'Good things come to those who go 12 pages deep in the dress section of online boutiques.' Yeah, that's it.PLT, White O Belt Detail Oversized Shirt, £25; PLT, Yellow Asymmetric Flare Hem Trousers, £18Due in the office at 9AM but teaching flamenco at 5PM? Fear not, my slinky-hipped compadres, for I have got you covered. Well, more aptly, these stellar duds have got you covered. If serving up sunshine (and, potentially, headaches) on the Central Line is your jam (lord knows the 8AM train needs it, amirite?!) then these are the party pants for you. Embody business-on-the-top party-on-the-bottom by toning down the Sunny D vibes via the medium of a smart shirt. I now doth you Funkmaster Flare. Go spread those feel good vibes while inadvertently sweeping the roads.PLT, Abagel White Bardot Shirt, £22; PLT, Charise Blue Pinstripe Frill Hem Shorts, £15Here's a memo straight out of my internal trend forecast: fluffy sandals are going nowhere in a hurry. Partly because it's difficult to get anywhere in sandals in a hurry (am I the only one who struggles with this?) but largely because I'm willing it to be the case. My affinity for fluff knows no bounds (she says, as she drowns beneath a fuzzy mountain of her own making) and, because of this, I am imploring you to treat your feet to a sandal that ever-so-slightly resembles a Bichon Frise. At only £20 (TWENTY POUNDS!!), you're getting a whole lot of bark for your buck. ba-dum-chhPLT, Leopard Print Satin Short Robe, £18; PLT, Tiffany Diamante Harness, £30; PLT, Elana Blue Ripped Denim Hotpants, £20Turn that dressing gown upside down - figuratively speaking - and revel in the abundance of outfit variations that you've just found yourself in possession of. A robe is just a hop, skip and jump away from a kimono, after all. If you're not quite ready to take your mum's old maternity gown to the streets (don't worry, I've done it on behalf of us all) then consider this silky leopard print number your gateway.PLT, Basic White Roll Sleeve Crop T-Shirt, £5; PLT, Mel Silver Extreme Cowl Neck Chainmail Top, £18; PLT, Yellow Velvet Curve Hem Mini Skirt, £12This look was founded on the basic tenets of Kendall Jenner's aesthetic - Paris Hilton circa 2002 being a pretty fundamental teaching - and, kooky velvet boots aside, I think it's a pretty solid effort. If you're hellbent on going full throttle Kenny J (who isn't?) then forego the plain white tee and introduce your nips to the bizarre feeling of chainmail. It's what Kendall would want.PLT, Leanne Pink Tie Waist Crack Vinyl Crop Trousers, £28There are fewer things in life I adore more than a limelight-hogging sleeve except, that is, for highly-competitive-in-the-limelight-hogging-department tinfoil pants. Those things are a rarity. For that reason alone - and because big sleeves are big bizniz this season - I reckon it's only fair to let your limbs in on the act. You know what to do.Like this? You might also be interested in:Hey Brides, We Tried On Dresses That Will Make Bridesmaids Look CuteWe Tried On Asos' Best Summer Tops For Big Boobs So You Don't Have ToWe Tried On Slinky, Silky Pieces You Can Wear Day Or NightFollow Daisy on Instagram @pieandfashThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the internet got its knickers in a twist about men wearing rompers, we’re here to remind you all that 20 years ago real men, with alpha male pursuits and muscles for days weren’t afraid of showing their artistic side through fashion statements. They were bold and bright, vividly designed and suspiciously heart-slaying. In the way some get misty-eyed about Memphis Design or minimalist furniture, the wacky masterpieces of bygone era kits have us getting nostalgic. It was the era of acid house and fast, polyester fashion, so maybe some football kit designers got ahead of themselves, but surely these looks certainly deserve extra time.Oh, Klaus Baumgart, you scored an own goal with this banana yellow vaporware jersey.While football teams may have moved their fashion goal posts in recent years, we’d happily watch Peter Schmeichel strike this pose from the sidelines any day.The world deserves a red card for letting Mexico retire Jorge Campos’ utterly brilliant Kandinsky-lite kit.Like a headache of print and pattern, surely David Seaman made it impossible for all the players to keep their eye on the ball.Campos back again in seizure-inducing colours has us Googling: ‘where can I buy multicoloured striped tube socks’.Is it deranged for us to appreciate Newcastle Brown Ale ripping off of Converse All Star’s badge and then printing it on a sunset background?Gloriously bonkers, Neville Southhall’s dazzling red, yellow and black Everton kit struck gold with stripesRussia’s Dmitri Kharine brought a Mondrian-like air to the pitch and a Waynes World appreciation to hair.When the final whistle blows, let's all remember David Seaman’s Missoni style chevron polo.Liked this? You might also be interested in:14 Times Rachel Green Bossed Workwear In Friends7 Magnificent Balenciaga Moments To Get You In The Mood For The V&A’s New Blockbuster ExhibitionFlashback Friday To The Matrix, An Unlikely Style IconFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We can all agree, Rihanna is beguiling, her music is insatiable and her fashion sense untouchable. One minute, she’s serving up Hollywood glamour and the next an avant-garde ensemble from Comme Des Garcon. Though she’s a risk-taker, unafraid to wear the seemingly unwearable and brazen enough to stomp a red carpet in a thong and a gossamer of crystals, her idiosyncratic sense of style is instantly recognisable. For instance, she’s been a longtime fan of oversized outerwear, zany sunglasses and micro bags. In recent weeks we’ve noticed a new styling trick has been added to this list of Bad Gal go-to's. It’s simple and flattering, yet the utter opposite of what everyone else is doing. Go figure.Over the last month, the Barbadian singer has had a lifetime’s worth of fashion moments, but every single one has the same directional slant. From wearing a Fenty x Puma fishtail hemmed parka at a store launch in LA, to turning up unannounced in a Dior Haute Couture cream taffeta coat and strapless dress at Cannes, to rocking a Juun J menswear shirt as a dress at a bash in Hollywood, every outfit she’s worn has drawn a spotlight to her collarbone.While Instagram girls are all in a tangle with their esoteric layers of gold chain necklaces, RiRi has taken to wearing a host of mesmerising diamond chokers and simple single chain necklaces. She’s been styling them with shirts that drip off her shoulders, blazers that draw to a neat V above her bustline and chest skimming Bardot necklines, which all do their most to make the clavicle sing. It’s an elegant and uncomplicated styling trick and one we’ll be stealing. Rejoice, no more hours spent unsnarling gold chain knots!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Tommy Hilfiger has announced today that this September they will hold their first TOMMYNOW extravaganza here in London.Following on from the 'Tommy Pier' show held in New York for AW16 and the 'TOMMYLAND' spectacular held in Los Angeles for SS17, the AW17 collection will be showcased in London at Camden's Roundhouse.Kicking off at 7pm on Tuesday 19th September, the Hilfiger show will close LFW with a bang.'We look forward to celebrating the rebellious spirit and star-studded glamour of rock-and-roll in London for Fall 2017,' said Tommy Hilfiger in a statement.'My vision for TommyNow was to create a global platform that could bring our shows to audiences around the globe like a rock-and-roll world tour,' Hilfiger continued.The collection, which follows the see-now-buy-now format, will be streamed live and available to buy online immediately. And if the previous collections are anything to go by, it's likely to be an instant sellout...One major difference to the London show is that both the women's and men's collections will be shown simultaneously.As global ambassador for the brand, Gigi Hadid will once again lead the show, and now doubt will be joined by a bevvy of famous faces both on and off the catwalk.Bring it on!READ MORE: First Look: Gigi Hadid Collaborates With Tommy HilfigerREAD MORE: Tommy Hilfiger Will Throw A Funfair Bash At Fashion WeekREAD MORE: See All The Pictures From Last Night’s Tommy X Gigi Extravaganza© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Thought shorts were just for your holiday? Think again. While denim cut-offs are best left for the beach, tailored shorts are the sartorial solution for hot city days.While it’s always handy to have a pair of classics shorts in your wardrobe (we suggest structured black or striped linen), we’re also loving this season’s more trend led offering. Look for gingham prints, scallop trims or ruffle and bow details for a fresh SS17 update.Not only are shorts hugely practical (no need to worry about accidentally flashing), they can also be surprisingly versatile. For picnics or the pub garden pair with a slogan tee and trainers, whereas for evenings you can switch it up with a cami and flatform sandals. If you’re office has a relaxed dress code you could even wear shorts to work - just style them with a tailored shirt and block heeled loafers.Plus, don’t necessarily disregard shorts when it comes to occasionwear. A short suit or short and shirt combo could solve your dress dilemmas for an upcoming wedding if you choose the right fabrics.Searching for shorts? Check out our favourites available right now in the gallery below...Thought shorts weren't office appropriate? Think again. Simply pair these with a silk shirt and block-heel mules. Long navy shorts, £39, Warehousecity shorts grazia 2of10Thought shorts weren't office appropriate? Think again. Simply pair these with a silk shirt and block-heel mules. Long navy shorts, £39, WarehouseWe love the elegant scallop detailing here.  Scalloped shorts, £65, MadewellFor something a little different look for pretty patterns like this intricate broderie print. Broderie shorts, £150, Topshop UniqueFor a neutral alternative to navy or black try a dark khaki - it's surprisingly easy to wear. Cotton twill shorts, £190, Etoile Isabel MarantSimply add a breton tee and a pair of flatform espadrilles and you're good to go. White shorts, £25, MonkiFor a wear-with-everything option look no further than this classic grey linen pair. Grey linen shorts, £29.99, MangoPair with a slogan tee and trainers for easy breezy weekend dressing. Cotton shorts, £45, & Other StoriesThe vertical stripes on these shorts make them super flattering. Striped pleated shorts, £19.99, ZaraMake a statement in these fluro-pink shorts. Bright pink shorts, £26, TopshopGingham is everywhere for SS17, jump on the bandwagon with these cute printed shorts. Gingham shorts, £25.99, MangoREAD MORE: The Best Straw Hats To Buy Right NowREAD MORE: The Best Basket Bags To Buy NowREAD MORE: How To Curate The Perfect Festival Wardrobe This Summer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From the hottest designer collaborations ever (which are sold on eBay for quadruple the original price, sigh) to their entire basics section, our wardrobes would be a little sadder without H&M.And now the high street giant is adding another brand to their portfolio (alongside Cos, & Other Stories, Weekday et al).Introducing: ARKET (which, in Swedish, translates to ‘sheet of paper’).According to the Business of Fashion, the new retailer will be a ‘modern-day market that will offer essential products for men, women, children and home.’In a nutshell? Think Urban Outfitters meets Cos.‘We really believe it’s relevant to a modern customer to bring different brands together,’ Ulrika Bernhardtz, Arket’s creative director, told BoF, ‘and to make that choice for them and also make it more convenient.’Bernhardtz added: ‘The brand DNA is timeless, crisp, quality and warmth,’ he says. ‘Timeless is style beyond trend. And crisp is the counterpart to that: to be always relevant, modern and fresh. Quality is not only the feel of garments; it's also how they are produced. Warmth is about being genuine and personal.’ Hygge vibes aplenty, then.The new lifestyle brand - set to be a winner with the fash pack - will launch online (we suggest you sign up, stat) and open its first retail store on London's Regent Street this summer or early autumn (with prices only slightly higher than H&M).Also, if avo on rye toast fills you with joy, you’ll be very pleased to hear that select Arket stores will include a café concept featuring a ‘new Nordic’ cuisine.And we finally have the first images from the debut collection:Credit: ArketArket - Grazia 2of6We. Can't. Wait.READ MORE: 12 Of The Best Summer Picks From Mango To Shop Now READ MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Fans Will Love © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Like Réalisation Par and Rouje, Staud is one of those low-key fashion labels with a mighty Instagram following. Courtesy of its It girl fanbase (looking at you Alexa Chung, Leandra Medine, Dakota Fanning and Emily Ratajkowski) it's gone from under-the-radar to on every editor’s wishlist.But, until now the label, which was founded by Reformation alumni Sarah Staudinger, was only available through its US-based e-store. What a bummer. But, the brains at Net-A-Porter cottoned on to the mass-appeal of it’s vintage-y aesthetic and payday treat-able price point and have made it shoppable in the UK.It’s a busy month for Staud as this isn’t the only news about the brand that’s come to our attention. The label has collaborated with Solid & Striped on a dreamy line of block colored bikinis, one-pieces and sundresses. Particular highlights include rope-tied bandeaus and sky blue cossies.Staudinger, who set up the label two years ago with her partner George Augusto, haunts thrift stores and studies photographs YSL model Betty Catroux for inspiration. The brands see-now-buy-now philosophy has helped keep the price point low and the pieces on trend. The look is simple and unfussy, pairing two-tone slip dresses and satin pyjama shirts with macrame bucket bags and barely-there make-up.Hop over to N-A-P and Solid & Striped now before the rest of the world wakes up to this untapped haul.Images Courtesy of STAUDLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This year marks the 20th anniversary of Princess Diana's death and in celebraton of her life, a series of events are set to take place across the country. But when we reflect on her undeniable influence, it's impossible to ignore the sartorial legacy she left behind."I like to be a free spirit", Princess Diana once revealed. And when it came to fashion, she certainly stayed true to herself.The 'people's princess' wasn't afraid to break royal tradition (she was the first royal to wear trousers to an evening event after all), as she donned tartan power suits in the eighties, sported athleisure before it was even a trend and made everyone covet the pie-crust collar before Alexa Chung was even born.But most importantly, the princess spoke to the nation through sartorial means. For instance, when planning a visit to meet children, Diana would purposefully don bright hues and necklaces to encourage greater communication.And when visiting hospitals, the princess would often break royal protocol. According to Eleri Lynn, the curator behind Diana: Her Fashion Story, Diana would never wear gloves as, 'she liked to hold hands when visiting people or shake hands and have direct contact'.The same rule applied to royal headwear, as Diana once stated: "You can’t cuddle a child in a hat".Fast forward twenty years and Princess Diana's wardrobe still inspires, as this season in particular the fashion industry paid homage to her inimitable aesthetic...Pink + Red = Sartorial Success. The colour combo is undoubtedly one of spring/summer '17's biggest trends. And you may be surprised to learn that Princess Diana was donning the look years before your favourite Instagrammer.Balenciaga sent models down the runway in primary red couture spandex juxtaposed against fuchsia blouses. While Valentino predicted blush pink capes and raspberry red knee-high boots for spring/summer '17.But Princess Diana was frist to don the trend. Diana was photographed during a royal visit to Kuwait in a Catherine Walker two-piece finished with a colour-block hat. And the rest went down in fashion history...Remember when we declared that the beret had made an unanticipated comeback? Well, Princess Diana first championed the trend, often turning to the French sartorial staple when donning head-to-toe tartan.Maria Grazia Chiuri of course paid tribute to the accessory for her second Dior show. An army of models marched down the catwalk decked in everything from denim co-ords to sheer dresses, all accessorised with the classic beret.Remember when Alexa Chung dropped her debut collab with high street champ, Marks and Spencer? Everyone was coveting the candy pink pie-crust blouse and sure enough, it sold out within a matter of minutes. But before the trend went mainstream, the look was donned by the people's princess.In the late eighties, Diana often layered a sweet, frilled collar beneath polka dot dresses and the pleated two-piece. This season, we're planning on donning the trend in hue of the season, millennial pink.It's undoubtedly one of the most talked about trends this season. From matchy, matchy co-ords to bell-sleeved dresses that would make Dorothy proud, we've all gone a little gingham mad.The trend was introduced to us on the catwalks, as go-to brands such as Shrimps demonstrated how to don the print. But of course, Princess Diana was wearing the trend before any of us.Without doubt, Diana's most referenced look is her interpretation of the little black dress, which she wore the Serpentine summer party back in 1994. Dubbed the 'Revenge Dress' by the media, Princess Diana chose to don the cold-shoulder outfit last minute.According to reports, the princess was originally planning to wear a dress by Valentino yet changed her mind after it was revealed on air that Prince Charles had been having an affair with Camilla Parker-Bowles.The gown she chose to wear was in fact designed three years prior to the event by Christina Stambolian but at the time, the princess deemed it 'too daring'.Following the opening of this year's highly-anticipated exhibition, Diana: Her Fashion Story, search for similar cold-shoulder black dresses rose by 87 percent according to fashion site, Lyst.READ MORE: Princess Diana's Most Memorable Fashion MomentsREAD MORE: 10 Times Kate Middleton Paid Sartorial Tribute To Princess Diana© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...GRAZIA & PINKO invite you to a special fashion event on Thursday 8th June 2017, 6pm – 9pm.Join us at the Pinko Boutique where you will be able to customise your very own leather LOVE bag from top to bottom. Choose from pretty colour combinations like classic black and light blue, classic black and nude rosè, neon pink and vitaminic orange, or neon pink and crazy violet. Plus, finish your design with bespoke embroidery by getting your name monogrammed on your bag! This exclusive personalisation service, which is a real must-have for any accessory lovers, will be available at select boutiques and at Pinko.com.Event location: Pinko Boutique, 161 Brompton Road, Knightsbridge, London SW3 1QP© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While copying Kate Middleton's look from Pippa's wedding will set you back a small fortune, imitating Kate's off-duty outfits is much more attainable. Take  for instance her new favourite trainers: the White 2750 Cotu Classics from Italian footwear brand, Superga.The lace-up cotton plimsoles loved by the royal are available for a very reasonable £50.Whether it's on the Canadian tour, appearing at the London marathon or simply running errands, the Duchess is rarely seen without her trusty Supergas. Perfect styled with skinnies and a breton tee, they are ultimate casual shoe.She is such a fan of the white canvas kicks that she even wore them for the recent family portrait for GQ magazine.Unsurpsingly, Superga have seen a sharp rise in sales since Middleton started wearing their shoes. A spokesman from the brand told the Mail Online that they had seen sales double thanks to the 'Kate effect'.'We are both honored and excited that the Duchess of Cambridge has chosen to wear our shoes on several occasions, each time Kate wears Superga both our own website and stores see a significant increase in demand,' Head Of Marketing at Superga told the Mail Online.READ MORE: 35 Reasons Why There's Only One Kate MiddletonREAD MORE: Kate Middleton's Best Fashion MomentsREAD MORE: Everything You Need To Know About Kate Middleton© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No item exudes an air of elegance like the straw hat. Regardless of your summer ensemble of choice, the addition of a straw hat will always add an instant hit of French Riveria chic - even if you’re popping to Tesco for a round of Magnums.A true perennial trend, straw hats have been the choice of stylish stars throughout the Twentieth Century. From Brigitte Bardot to Audrey Hepburn, no fifties Hollywood icon would be caught holidaying without their trusty straw hat in tow.Not only is the straw hat a solid style choice, it holds it own in the practical stakes too. Thanks to the wide brim you're guaranteed to keep your face shaded and cool which means your skin is protected from the sun, and you’ll save yourself from a serious case of heatstroke.While the straw hat is a reliable headwear choice for beach days, boat trips or rosé by the pool, its shelf life extends far beyond the holiday wardrobe. Take your cue from the bevvy of street style stars spotted wearing a straw hat in the city, and wear yours on the weekend to brunch or the park. Simply pair with streamlined separates or a tailored  dress to avoid looking like you’ve come straight from la plage.Looking to invest? You'll be pleased to hear that this summer the shops are bursting with Instagrammable straw hat options. From the classic ribbon boater to more unusual patterned or frayed styles - click through to see our current favourites.Raffia floppy hat with pom-poms, £18, Nextstraw hats grazia2of10Raffia floppy hat with pom-poms, £18, NextFrayed straw hat, £95, Sensi StudioRaffia hat with ribbon trim, £19.99, ZaraStraw hat, £15.99, MangoRaffia hat, £19.99, MangoWide-brimmed black hat, £19, & Other StoriesPanama straw hat, £265, Federica MorettiColourblock dome hat, £65, WhistlesStraw hat with ribbon, £12.99, H&MFloppy hat with gingham ribbon, £16, ASOSREAD MORE: These Are The Only Items You Need To Pack For A City BreakREAD MORE: The Best Basket Bags To Buy NowREAD MORE: The Best Floral Dresses For SS17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is such a thing as the Alexa effect. Beginning in her days on Pop World, she’d wear something – say a tea dress and a battered satchel or shorts and tights – and then the rest of us would follow. Alexa Chung would drape on a Barbour jacket at Glastonbury, the world would watch and copy.  Her school of adorable coltishness has garnered her legions of fans who have lapped up her style like they did Kate Moss and Antia Pallenberg before her. So, it’s with little wonder that her standalone line, which debuted last night, was hotly anticipated.Fulfilling all our dreams and desires, it looks like her own wardrobe. Like a showreel of her closet’s highlights, she’s kindly included ditsy floral dresses, finely-cut blazers, slogan tops and mohair sweaters that when squinting look almost identical to ones she’s donned before.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Everything We Know About Alexa Chung’s New Fashion LineAlexa Chung Is Hiring For Her Fashion Label And We Feel Really Under-QualifiedGetting Under The Skin Of Alexa's Favourite Vintage-Inspired E-StoreFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by ClarksWith summer just around the corner, there's no better time than the present to start thinking about updating your shoedrobe for the warmer months ahead. Trading in your boots and trainers for something a little more lightweight is a good starting point, and if you can find shoes that will see you from the office to after-work drinks, even better!So, when we discovered the new summer shoe collection from Clarks, which features everything from classic wedges to stylish T-bar sandals, we knew we were onto a winner. The stylish, timeless designs will no doubt pair well with any outfit you plan on wearing, be it day or night-time...This open-toe wonder will help you see the summer through in style, and it's all thanks to the T-bar design and neutral colouring, which will be a match made in heaven with almost any ensemble you decide to rock. Now that's what we call clever styling...A pair of wedges are ideal for navigating from the office to a bar or restaurant, as they can be dressed up or down depending on your outfit. One thing's for sure though: a bold, stylish print, like this khaki and grey army print design, will ensure that all eyes are kept firmly on your shoes!When looking for a versatile shoe for any occasion, opt for black colouring, as this will match almost any outfit you plan on wearing. Plus, look out for discreet detailing, like subtle floral pattern designs that give the shoe an extra bit of pizzazz.White wedges are a cult classic when it comes to summer footwear, so make space for them in your shoedrobe. Pair them with some high-waisted denim shorts and a crop top for drinks in the evening, or with a bikini for pool party glam.If you're planning on being pretty active this summer, then you're going to want to invest in a pair of shoes that are as comfortable as they are stylish. These ankle strap sandals by Clarks will fit your feet like a slipper, while elevating your outfit at the same time.Shop these sizzling sandals instore or online at **Shop these sizzling sandals instore or online at ClarksClarksClarks..**ClarksClarks Sandals2of7ClarksClarksClarksClarksClarksClarksClarks© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s not exactly breaking news that athleisure is the trend that Insta-bloggers far and wide have been coveting season after season.The puffer jacket made an unanticipated return at the autumn/winter ’16 collections, as Demna Gvasalia made his debut for Balenciaga with models swaddled in puffed-up proportions of ‘90s-inspired fabrics.Whilst Vetements made a case for slogan emblazoned tracksuits juxtaposed against thigh-high leather boots and tailored rain macs.But as we continue to roll our Boyfriend jeans à la Saint Laurent and swap heels for lace-ups, it’s important to take note of the new kid on the block. And it’s a champion in the street style stakes (if you pardon the pun).Founded in 1919 by the Feinbloom brothers, New York-based brand Champion soon became renowned for their sports apparel. Quickly adopted by university teams in the 1920’s, the cult line soon grew in popularity amongst fashion-conscious teens. The iconic logo gradually evolved and became the ‘C’ now synonymous with the brand in the 1950's.The year 2000 marked the 60th anniversary of Champion and in celebration, the sports label relaunched the cult sweatshirts. But with a newfound fashion crowd to win over, Champion was under pressure to deliver.Cue a series of collabs with names including Scandi go-to Weekday and brand-of-the-moment Vetements. And the rest goes down in fashion history. Every blogger worth following is giving the brand's jumpers and zip-ups Instagram air time and for every couple of street style snaps that roll in come fashion week, expect a Champion symbol or two to crop up.So tuck your jumper (and middle-parted hair) in a zip-up PVC mini or layer beneath an oversized camel coat and you’ll score the athleisure trend in one stealthy sartorial move.Have we talked you into sporting this season's most sought after garment yet? If so, we recommend checking out Weekday's latest limited edition collab with the cult brand before it sells out (cough cough we get in there first) or take a look at Champion's official site. FYI - Weekday's latest collaboration will land online tomorrow.Race you there.Shop Grazia's favourites in the gallery below:Credit: WeekdayPastel Pink Champion Hoodie, £70, WeekdayWeekday Champion Collaboration - Grazia2of4Pastel Pink Champion Hoodie, £70, WeekdayRed Champion Hoodie, £70, WeekdayGrey Champion Jumper, £80, WeekdayWhite Champion Hoodie, £70, WeekdayREAD MORE: This Is The Mango Coat Everyone WantsREAD MORE: This Is The Skirt Every Blogger Is Coveting This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget what the weatherman says or the date on the calendar, there’s no better sign that summer is here than the donning of a pair of summer shoes. Be they sandals, something silken or a pair of slides, the summer shoe is all about optimism, saying to the world, ‘no rain will blight my day’.And the summer shoe to be seen in this season? The wedge espadrille. Yep, you read that right, and no we’re not advocating the return of the full-on yummy-mummy look made famous by the likes of Elle Macpherson and Elizabeth Hurley.The espadrille’s stock has been rising for a couple of summers now, with established European brands such as Castañer offerin gan authentic touch of the Med without you having to leave your hometown, and Chanel offering a logo’d two-tone version with a distinctly elevated price tag to match. This season’s update simply pumps up the volume on the classic style, adding a touch of embellishment as well as height. Our favourite styles have closed toes and lace-up-the-leg straps or ribbons and embellishments ranging from embroidery to studs and pom-poms.Worried about the old associations? Then avoid wearing with white jeans and a blazer. Instead, we propose a tea dress from Rouje, or kick-flare jeans with an oversized white shirt – simply roll up your sleeves and add a pair of statement sunnies.Shop the gallery below for our edit of the best espadrilles on the market£35.99 from MangoEspadrilles Shopping Edit - Grazia2of9£35.99 from Mango£29.99 from Pimkie£295 from Tabitha Simmons£405 from Gucci£59 from Soludos£18 from ASOS£410 from Stella McCartney£445 from Aquazzura£250 from Sophia WebsterREAD MORE: The Best Basket Bags And Straw Bags To Buy NowREAD MORE: The Prettiest Floral Dresses For SS17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The wait is over - Alexa Chung's very first fashion line has landed.Following sellout collabarations with the likes of M&S, AG Jeans and Madewell, Chung is finally getting a brand of her own. Heavily referencing her own wardobe, the 145 piece collection has a retro feel with lurex dresses, crochet separates and striped suits.To celebrate the launch the style star has created a video with her old pal, Mike Skinner, of The Streets fame. The pair met back in 2004 when Skinner booked the unknown model to star in the video for his track, I could well be in. Fast forward 12 years and when the duo were reunited at a dinner they decided to work together once again.The video, part of the mytheresa.com Tunes series, was directed by Skinner and sees them both playing themselves at a dinner hosted to celebrate Chung's new fashion brand - naturally, she wears pieces from her first collection throughout. Featuring his song In my head – the darker the shadow the brighter the light, the video includes a nostalgic flashback to the original video from 2004.Check out our favourite pieces from her new collection in the gallery below...Planet ring, £115Alexa Chung collection2of18Planet ring, £115Light blue tailored jacket, £595 Printed tee, £75Silk mini, £450Coral pinafore dress, £325Off-the-shoulder tiered dress, £565Belted coat, £725Denim jumpsuit, £320Beaded bracelet, £135 Crochet skirt, £230Printed sweatshirt, £175Belted mini, £260Denim dungaree dress, £295White lace midi dress, £445Belted jacket, £450Crochet crop top, £390Floral shirt, £265Grey block heels, £340Shop the collection at alexachung.com from midnight tonight. You better move fast though - we predict a virtual stamede.READ MORE: Is This What Alexa Chung’s Fashion Brand Will Look Like?READ MORE: Alexa Chung's Style RulesREAD MORE: You Can Now Apply For A Job With Alexa Chung© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though the Danish label Ganni was founded over 16 years ago, it’s only recently gained cult status. Bloggers, vloggers and street style stars can’t get enough. Usually, we’d approach this kind of fandom with apprehension, but a look at their current collection and it’s easy to see it’s rich pickings for IT girls. There’s statement tops, fluffy knits and dresses we’d like to wear again, and again, and again. While not the cheapest label on the market, it’s not totally out of reach with dresses coming it at around £150. Take a look and see why so many from Rihanna, to Pernille Teisbaek, to Kendall have fallen for this Scandi label…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If we needed any further proof that Kate Middleton is a world class style icon, then this is definitely it: fashion site Net-A-Porter has re-named a dress after the Duchess of Cambridge.The Middleton dress, a knee-skimming tea-dress style with button detailing, capped sleeves and a slightly flared skirt, is currently available for fans of the Duchess’s signature style to buy on net-a-porter.com, priced at £2,150.‘Dolce & Gabbana’s “Middleton” dress is named after the Duchess of Cambridge who wore hers on a recent visit to Canada,’ Net-A-Porter’s product description reads. ‘This forest-green crepe piece has puffed sleeves, a pretty bow tie and white buttons, evocative of styles from the 40s. We like how the stitched seams and raw georgette trims playfully emphasise the craftsmanship.’The re-naming of the dress was not a decision made by Dolce & Gabbana, but rather by e-tailer Net-A-Porter, the brand has clarified.Kate was first spotted in the dress in September last year while on the Royal Tour of Canada with her husband, Prince William, opting to wear the emerald design in Kelowna, British Columbia. A bespoke version of a runway style, it appeared in the Italian brand’s A/W’16 show earlier that year, which took playful inspiration from a clutch of fairy tales and fables.  The original version featured an Alice in Wonderland-esque pocket watch motif: this does not appear on the new style, which is also available in cream with pearlescent detailing.READ MORE: Every Time Kate Middleton Has Repeated An OutfitREAD MORE: 10 Times Kate Middleton Paid Sartorial Homage To Princess DianaREAD MORE: Kate Middleton's Best Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by McArthurGlenWe first noticed that the colour pink was making a comeback when we spotted it all over the Spring/Summer 2017 runways, and since then, we've seen it filter through to the streets and to our Instagram pages. From fuchsia to rose to bold magenta, there's a whole plethora of feminine hues to pick from, so it's time for you to get in on the trend, too.We’ve teamed up with McArthurGlen Designer Outlet to share some of our favourite 'Pink Moment' pieces, which you can pick up for a reduced price at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet Bridgend  - the last on our UK tour!French Connection, Was £90, Now £54 at McArthurGlenAs well as being a suitable shade for the office, baby pink is universally flattering, so work it into your workwear wardrobe in the form of a smart, structured dress.Kurt Geiger, Was £89, Now £59 at McArthurGlenWhen choosing an everyday or work handbag, look for colours such as dusty pink or muted nude, as these tend to pair nicely with everything.Kurt Geiger, Was £75, Now £55 at McArthurGlenDip your toe into this colour trend with a pair of bright pink heels. If you're feeling really brave, paint your toenails in a contrasting shade to really make your pink shoes pop.Ted Baker, Was £159, Now £99 at McArthurGlenA bright colour like fuschia will help you ooze confidence as well as sex appeal. For a fancy soiree, wear a bodycon dress paired with some simple black heels, and you'll be the centre of attention - promise!OSPREY LONDON, Was £125, Now £24.95 at McArthurGlenWho said purses had to be boring? A bold coloured one, like this snakeskin purse from OSPREY LONDON will be sure to brighten your day whenever you whip it out.Phase Eight, Was £25, Now £20 at McArthurGlenIf pink isn't usually your colour of choice, rest assured that you can subtly work it into your wardrobe with the help of a statement necklace. Plus, if you want to inject a bit of warmth into your skin tone, opt for a medium to dark pink shade.See what went down at the **McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia  at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet in Bridgend, above. #fashionreimaginedPlus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Pink Moment' selection at **Plus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Pink Moment' selection at McArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer Outlets now. Discover more at the  now. Discover more at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet BridgendMcArthurGlen Designer Outlet BridgendMcArthurGlen Designer Outlet Bridgend, which has over 90 designer and high street brands including Tommy Hilfiger, Kurt Geiger, Levis, French Connection, Ted Baker and Adidas, with up to 60% off. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location., which has over 90 designer and high street brands including Tommy Hilfiger, Kurt Geiger, Levis, French Connection, Ted Baker and Adidas, with up to 60% off. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location.**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is no better way to spend a rainy bank holiday Monday than a spot of shopping. It's even better if said shopping can be done online from the comfort of your own sofa.Whether you're on the hunt for a new holiday wardrobe ahead of an upcoming trip, searching for a dress for a summer wedding, or just looking for some new bits now the weather is warming up, there's always a reason to hit the shops.Luckily our friends at ASOS read our minds, and they're offering a special discount for the duration of bank holiday Monday. So panic not if you've already spent too much of your pay cheque this weekend on Aperol Spritz...Simply enter the code SWEET at the checkout for an extra 20% off everything, including sale items. Yep, you read that right, even sale items.Valid from 7am Monday 29 May until 8am Tuesday 30th, you're going to want to move fast to get the good bits.We'll race you to the checkout...READ MORE: 15 Scandi Items To Covet Ahead Of Arket's London LaunchREAD MORE: 21 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New ZaraREAD MORE: Transition Your Wardrobe Into Summer With These Lightweight Layers© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This year has just flown by and believe it or not Festival season is once again upon us. One-dayers like Field Day, Mighty Hoopla and Lovebox are kicking it off. It’s a big misconception that because Field Day is in East London's Victoria Park, meaning you get to go home and have a bath at the end it, that it’s anything but messy. In fact, if anything, because in the back of our heads we know we’ll be seeing the shower soon we lose our inhibitions. So, this time we're thinking ahead and packing the hand sanitizer and the rain jacket. This year we’ll be wearing a bag with a hidden pocket big enough for sneaking in booze, a lightweight rainproof that doesn’t make us feel dorky, jeans that help make our portaloo experience speedy and boots that are there for us even when it’s pissing it down and the festival’s become one big mud bath. Want to join us, take a scroll…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We, over here at The Debrief, want to get something off our chests, the general election is weeks away, and it is of the utmost importance that everyone votes. Not to sound cheesy or like a broken record, but the future is in our hands. Though fashion regularly gets called frivolous, it’s a form of self-expression, so broadcast your opinion and say it loud with a slogan t-shirt. We’ve teamed up with LFW up-and-comer Clio Peppiatt to create limited edition political slogan t-shirts, which you can get your hands on here. It’s a simple tee that makes a big statement. Here’s how we wear ours…Clio Peppiatt, Panther Skirt; Miu Miu, Vintage HeelsThe Panther skirt is part of my Spring Summer collection, I like the contrast of the traditional shape with the bold colours and panther motif. Clashing quite traditionally feminine silhouettes with striking, and perhaps more traditionally ‘masculine’ imagery is something I explore in my work a lot. I also decided to wear one of my favourite pairs of Miu Miu shoes which I found in a Vintage shop a few months ago. I think its quite an easy way to dress up a t-shirt but still feel comfortable.H&M, Denim Jacket, £34.99; H&M, Textured-Weave Dress, £24.99I am all about layers. I like to layer even when layering isn’t an option. Call it my way of knowing I'm ready for the day, complete with my layers. Which is why this red summer dress is the perfect layering option to go with my general election t-shirt. I’m a little obsessed with red at the moment, too, and the pink of the t-shirt combined with the pink of this D.R.E.A.M.Y denim jacket makes me feel like Cher from Clueless. And we all know she was big on voting.H&M, Cotton Twill Trenchcoat, £79.99; H&M, Vintage High Cropped Jeans, £34.99Not many people know this, but the trench coat is a symbol of women’s emancipation. In the 1920s this mannish tobacco-hued waterproof became popular with the women’s liberation movement, so it seems like an apt accompaniment to my general election t-shirt. The brûlée colour and waterfall front nicely offsets the pink of the statement top in an awkward colour clash that’s on beat for this season and speaks - subtly - to the sassy feminization of this traditional menswear staple.H&M, Denim dress, £24.99I love denim, who doesn't love denim? Denim shorts, jeans, dungarees, perfect to dress up or down. This particluar denim number is great for showing off slogan tees, as it's V-shaped so Clio's statement illustration shines through. I've paired this outfit with chunky sandals, so it would be perfect for a day festival, chilling at a friend's BBQ and heading to your local polling station to vote. It could also easily be dressed up with statement heels (I just can't walk in them!)H&M, Tiered Skirt, £39.99The great thing about slogan tees is that they can be dressed up or dressed down super easily - meet the casual statement outfit. Clio's top is relaxed enough for there not to be too much going on alongside my busy, swishy tiered skirt but equally, it has something important to say (in pink) so will also catch your attention. Thrown with my trusty (read: worn) ankle boots and I've got a reliable day-to-night ensemble that packs a subtle, political punch.H&M, Denim Skirt With Lacing, £34.99I think it's safe to say that I live in T-shirts, particularly Clio Peppiatt t-shirts. I love Clio's t-shirts because they're feminine, practical and, often, political. The slogan t-shirt is back and worn under an oversized longline blazer like this with paired an almost NSFW lace up skirt I feel like I've nailed the ambiguous smart casual category. I also feel like I'm ready for anything: meetings, giving a talk to a room full of strangers or disappearing into the night in my favourite shoes that I can't quite walk in.Like this? You might also be interested in:Hey Brides, We Tried On Dresses That Will Make Bridesmaids Look CuteWe Tried On Asos' Best Summer Tops For Big Boobs So You Don't Have ToWe Tried On Slinky, Silky Pieces You Can Wear Day Or NightFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Being the offspring of rockstar Lenny Kravitz and actress Lisa Bonet, there was no doubt that Zoe Kravitz would become a modern-day style icon in her own right. And while this edgy actress, singer and model is confident with her ever-changing fashion sense, even she has previously fallen victim to being embarrassed by her parents bold fashion choices (let's face it: who hasn't?!).We recently sat down with Zoe to quiz her on her iconic style journey, and to find out why she's always drastically changing up her hairstyles...I try and be confident in my personal style, I really try and think about what’s right for me. I think with fashion, once you start thinking about what other people want, you’re going to lose the magic. So when it comes to my style, I try and be inspired by everything – images, music, film – whatever makes me feel confident. If I execute a look well, I don’t really care what other people think.Yeah, I usually take a little something from the films I've worked on, and try it out for a while. For example, I had braids when filming for Dope, and then I kept them for years after that. After filming for Big Little Lies, I took my character Bonnie Carlson's ring and I still wear that now. Oh, and I had these really long nails that I put on for the film Rough Night, which I ended up keeping for a while just because I thought it was fun, and something I would never do on my own! So yeah, I usually will take a little bit of a character's style with me.Any outfits I wore before 2014 were probably a mistake. [Although The Debrief begs to differ.]I definitely had a lot of embarrassment with my mum and dad's style growing up, and now it’s funny because I love that they didn’t feel like they had to dress a certain way because they were parents. I think it’s important to remember that parents are people themselves, and they should be able to express themselves how they want. But as a child, I guess you don’t have that mind-set yet, so I was sometimes embarrassed by their bold statements. Although now I appreciate them very much!Yeah, I wear my dad’s T-shirts a lot because I love oversized T-shirts, and he has a lot. My mum has a lot of great vintage dresses, but I can’t really steal anything from her, because she’s on it! She does let me raid her wardrobe sometimes and borrow things, though.I think the idea of festival style kind of bums me out. When you look at images from Coachella it seems like people are putting on a costume that doesn’t necessarily feel original or inspired. It feels like they are wearing what they think they are supposed to be wearing to a festival, or something that is supposed to evoke the emotion of a free spirit. What I want to do at a festival is to just feel comfortable and be in an environment where I can wear whatever the hell I want! So I think people should just use that environment to self-express.I have to be in some form of pyjamas on a plane. I’m also always cold in airports and on airplanes, so when I see someone at an airport in a mini skirt and heels I’m like 'What planet are you from? It’s incredible that you’re able to do this and you’re not cold and uncomfortable!’. Basically, I have to be in some form of sweatpants, at all times.I love the Alex Eagle store in Soho, it has really cool stuff. And I know we have a Topshop in the USA, but I love to go to the one in London - it’s much better. I also love going to the Portobello Road flea market on the weekend.I think that I was beginning to feel that my identity was my hair, and people were associating me with my braids. Whenever something associated or attached to you, I think it’s important to let it go. And the change feels really good and free. I love the idea of challenging femininity and what that means and what that looks like.I realise that I probably used to use my hair as a crutch - that having long hair made me feel feminine or sexy or gave me something to hide behind, so it’s been a really great challenge for me to have to dig a little bit deeper into what femininity means to me. I had to remind myself that I’m still feminine even though I don’t have what we’re told are 'feminine qualities'. I believe that femininity is a quality, a spirit, an energy, and not all about what you look like and how you dress.*Zoe has partnered with Canon as part of their Live For The Story campaign.***Like this? You might also be interested in:11 Things From River Island We Wouldn't Mind Hanging In Our Wardrobe'As A Muslim Beauty Vlogger, These Are The 9 Makeup Rules I Live By'Cannabis Beauty Products Exist And They Can Actually Work Wonders For Your SkinFollow Arianna on Twitter @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you're after unique, handmade items that will make your wedding look like a dream on Instagram, then rest assured that Amazon have got you covered.The online retail giant has added a 'Handmade Wedding Shop' to their 'Handmade at Amazon' storefront, and the new bridal destination is offering a selection of customisable items for brides, grooms and even wedding guests. Essentially, everything in the shop looks Pinterest-worthy, making it a haven for brides-to-be who want their wedding to represent their personal style and taste.Describing the shop, Amazon stated that it allows shoppers to 'explore unique, handcrafted items for your wedding day and all the special events leading up to “I do."'“The ability to purchase products from local artisans on the Handmade Wedding Shop offers customers a boutique shopping experience coupled with the convenience and selection of Handmade at Amazon,” said Katie Harnetiaux, Handmade at Amazon.Examples of the wedding pieces on offer include hand-crafted veils, bespoke cake toppers, wedding invitations, jewellery, wedding gifts and honeymoon travel accessories. Basically, Amazon have thought of everything, so you really can shop for your whole bridal experience in one place. Plus, all of this comes with the stellar delivery & customer service that you normally recieve from the retailer.At the moment, the shop is based on the US site, but most stockists ship to the UK. So, what are you waiting for? Go and find some great bridal bargains!You can visit the **Amazon Wedding ShopAmazon Wedding Shop here.READ MORE: Exclusive: The Accessory A-listers Are Taking On Holiday This SummerREAD MORE: Exclusive: The Accessory A-listers Are Taking On Holiday This SummerREAD MORE: Eurostar Will Soon Travel Straight From London To This European CityREAD MORE: Eurostar Will Soon Travel Straight From London To This European City© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's payday and we have solemnly sworn not to spend our wages in one fell swoop. But H&M has announced a brand spanking new scheme which will do nothing for our outrageous spending habits.The Swedish giant has launched a H&M Club in the UK. Sounds intriguing, huh? All you need to do is download the app and you’ll receive one point for every pound spent in store and online. These points will then unlock exclusive offers and experiences. The best part? To welcome customers, the high street store is offering a 20 percent discount when you sign up.And that’s not all. The high street giant promises to give customers 25 percent birthday discount, free online delivery, exclusive previews of upcoming collections and the chance to attend exclusive parties around the globe.To sign up, all you need to do is register on the H&M app or simply enter your details online. Points will automatically rack up when you shop online and when you’re in store, all you need to do is present your smartphone at the till.Race you there.READ MORE: H&M Are Launching A New Fashion Brand (That Scandi Fans Will Love)READ MORE: 15 Scandi Items To Covet Ahead Of Arket's London Launch© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Given fashion’s unrelenting desire to look to the future it’s funny how on the money a film from 1999 can feel right now. At the time The Matrix hacked its way to mainstream success with action-packed choreography and a baffling sci-fi narrative, but 18 years later it’s trending again. In the years since its release scientists have been working hard to prove its head-starching concept could actually be true, while its sartorial standing became sorely overlooked. But, not anymore as it’s dominatrix-lite fashion has become catwalk inspiration for Demna Gvsalia’s Balenciaga. Between the second skin leather and the full-length trench coats, we wouldn’t mind finding some of Neo and Morpheus’s clothes in our wardrobe.It’s hard to make a subtle entrance in a sweeping, floor-length patent leather trench. But, when you’re armed with two guns and a dose of Trinity’s ‘tude does it matter?Looking very Raf Simons, Neo favoured trousers with more belts than strictly speaking necessary.Damn could Trinity wear the hell out of skintight leather. Her bodycon trousers and top had 1990s minimalism on lock down.Itsy bitsy black sunglasses are the anti-Raybans causing a stir this summer. Street style fodder like Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Gilda Ambrosio are already fans.Contrary to what everyone thinks The Matrix cast more than just black trench coats and sunglasses. See, Morpheus made understated basics look as slick as a patent leather top.Why do baddies always have the best tailoring? Agent Smith matched his sharp suit to his stern personality, and we’re there for it.Can we take a collective second to appreciate Jada Pinkett Smith in her oxblood crocodile -stamped leather jacket. Sigh.Yeezy, is that you? Neo’s ripped, ragged beige sweater has the dystopian, counter-fashion feels of Kanye’s OG Adidas collection.Liked this? You might also be interested in:14 Times Rachel Green Bossed Workwear In Friends11 Moments From Christina Aguilera’s Dirrty Video That Showed The MTV Age Was A Lawless AgeFlashback Friday To Britney Spears Defining 2002 In CrossroadsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The word ‘icon’ is so easily traded in fashion circles I fear its meaning has been dampened somewhat.However, there is one titanium force in music, and still very much a pinnacle on designers mood boards, whose unique brand of boho-style in the ‘70s has truly stood the test of time. The Gypsy lady herself: Stevie Nicks.Sienna Miller’s chunky belts + arm cuffs phase in the early noughties? Florence Welch’s covetable vintage collection? Balenciaga’s billowing dresses this season? Stevie set the standard (a simple google of ‘Stevie Nicks Fashion’ brings up around 16.5 million results and you’ll no doubt find a #FlashbackFriday screenshot of the Fleetwood Mac frontwoman lurking on many a 'gram).But what maketh the fashion pin-up?In the mid-late seventies, there was something so effortless; free-spirited; romantic about her sartorial statements onstage during a decade of disco, Abba’s ‘Scandi cool’ moon boots and Bowie’s spray-on leotards. And looking back through the archives, Nicks’ attire has rarely strayed from the ‘soft seventies Cali-girl’ look of that time (save for maybe a perm when the ‘80s called, and decidedly more texture and feathers post-Fleetwood).She once declared: 'Sexy is keeping yourself mysterious. I'm really an old-fashioned girl, and I think I'm totally sexy.' Stevie’s uniform of choice? Victorian lace, bell sleeves galore and billowing dresses...There’s no doubt about it - come summer, you’re probably referencing the rocker more than you’re aware.'Stevie wanted something real different to anything that was happening in rock 'n' roll,’ her stylist and costume designer Margi Kent told MTV. ‘She had a sense of the feeling she wanted to project and had an affinity with certain fabrics. She has a very fine sensibility and loves quality fabrics, especially silk chiffons, delicate laces and velvets.‘I would go on the tours a lot and work with Curry Grant, the lighting director, because if I did special costumes, like for Gold Dust Woman, we wanted to build according to the vibe of the lighting.’As Stevie Nicks turns 69 today, it seemed as good a time as any to revisit eight cult style moments from the Queen of Rock n' Roll…READ MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will LoveREAD MORE: 12 Of The Most Fashionable Films In History © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bra shopping? A minefield for many. I would love to avoid the whole thing altogether if I could (sadly, my boobs do not agree). But the never-ending search for cool, comfortable and peek-a-boo pretty lingerie is finally over (hurrah!) - thanks to Love Stories Intimates.The rising Amsterstam-based label - recently launched in the UK - has become a firm fixture on our Insta-feed (as well as boasting a super stylish fan base including the likes of Fashion Me Now blogger Lucy Williams and Alexa Chung). A quick browse on their site and you’ll find it difficult to not come away with at least one purchase. Think perfectly mismatched bralettes and knickers in luxurious colourful lace and cherry-toned swimwear you’ll be seeing a lot on social media this summer...So Grazia caught up with Love Stories founder and creative director Marloes Hoedeman, to give us the lowdown on getting the most out of your lingerie, SS17 underwear trends and the new Dutch street style stars you need to follow, stat…How did you come up with the concept for Love Stories?“I have always loved lingerie but could not find a brand that was stylish and comfortable, sporty yet romantic and combined the quality from Paris with beautiful lace from Italy and that’s how Love Stories was born!”How would you describe the Love Stories woman?“She loves to explore and travel the world, she is independent but loves fashion and has her own personal style.”Your triangle bra is a key shape - why is it so flattering?“It’s less traditional and more fashion. Our styles consists of a diverse mix of smooth velvet, lace, intricate jacquard and silk. It suits women with bigger boobs too - you just need the underbust elastic for additional support and the right shoulder straps.”What’s the key lingerie trends for summer ’17?“Wild bloom prints graced Preen and Giambattista Valli. Pink and yellow were the undeniable hits on the runway too. Underwear as outerwear is also very popular – lingerie is and should be part of your wardrobe and outfit…”Why have you opted for mismatched lingerie sets?“I think mismatched styles are more casual and more real - less perfect and more interesting.It showcases person style and allows you to reveal who you are and what makes you feel good.”How would you sum up Amsterstam’s cultural aesthetic?“Amsterdam is very open minded - everybody can wear whatever they want. It has a more casual feel to style which is reflected in Love Stories lingerie too - oversized shirts, cool dainty dresses and quirky socks.”Any Dutch street style stars Grazia readers should be following RN?“Yara Michels from Chapter Friday and Lizzy Van Der Ligt, Nicole Huisman, Chloe Chante.”What's been your most popular bra and knickers in the collection?“Love Lace, fits (almost) every bust and is sexy without trying to be. And the Shelby; a mesh knicker with colourful embroidery at the front. They are slightly sheer at the back; understated sexy.”Talk me through your swimwear collection?“I saw that many girls where jumping in the pool with our lingerie some seasons ago. The question was so high, so finally this season we really launched SWIMCLUB. 80 % of the swimwear are shapes similar to our lingerie range. The one-piece is absolutely the winner this season, our Ruby bathing suit and the Sue go like crazy. You can wear them also with a cool vintage jean skirt, for example.”Love Stories Intimates has opened its first UK store in London’s Spitalfields, 14 Hanbury St, E1 6QRMain image: Via Instagram / @lucywilliams02 - wearing Love Stories red bikiniREAD MORE:  Exclusive: The Accessory A-listers Are Taking On Holiday This SummerREAD MORE: Eurostar Will Soon Travel Straight From London To This European City© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you're anything like us, then looking back on your teenage wardrobe provokes some serious cringing and self-questioning. Why did we think that 'Save the Rave' slogan t-shirts were a legitimate style choice? Why did we own so many pairs of coloured tights? And why so much highly flammable material?Not so for Lily-Rose Depp. While the aspiring actress is only just turning 18, she has already clocked up a ridiculously impressive fashion CV, with cover appearances for Vanity Fair and Love magazines, a star turn in Chanel's couture show and an eyewear campaign for the same brand to her name. Oh, and she's also the face of the fashion house's latest fragrance, No. 5 L'Eau, a fresher and more youthful take on a perfume icon. Impressive work.As the daughter of actor Johnny Depp and musician Vanessa Paradis, impeccable style runs in Lily-Rose's DNA, so it's unsurprising that she has emerged as one to watch in the red carpet fashion stakes.Yet in terms of looks, it is her mother whom she takes after; her tiny frame, sleepy eyes and entrancing gaze (very Tim Burton-esque) is what makes her presence on the red carpet so felt, and her confidence so palpable.Already a clear favourite of Karl Lagerfeld, she often opts for Chanel - but that's not to say that she's averse to taking risks. After all, this is the girl who made her Cannes Film Festival debut in a hoodie and matching shorts (albeit a seriously fancy hoodie and matching shorts...) We salute you, Lily-Rose!She may be a teenager new to the fashion world and the limelight, but her aura on the red carpet and her fashion choices are what make her seem beyond her years. Also, unlike every other 18-year-old in the world, she hardly even bothers with social media, and isn't a part of the celebrity offspring crowd. This millennial is on her own journey, but always wearing Chanel, of course.See Lily-Rose's best style moments to date in the gallery below...Credit: Getty ImagesWith her mother Vanessa Paradis at the opening of Chanel's Mademoiselle Prive exhibitionLily Rose Depp Best Looks2of15With her mother Vanessa Paradis at the opening of Chanel's Mademoiselle Prive exhibitionAt the Chanel S/S'16 showWearing a Chanel co-ordWalking in Chanel's AW/15 Couture show with actress Lily CollinsLily Rose DeppNailing off-duty style with mum Vanessa ParadisWearing an off-the-shoulder dress at the Cannes premiere of I, Daniel BlackWearing a Chanel hoodie and matching shorts for her first Cannes Film FestivalWearing a Chanel couture gown (and matching bomber jacket) for her first Met Gala appearanceWalking in Chanel's AW/15 Couture show with actress Lily CollinsCoachella cool in laid back double denim for the Moschino partyWearing Chanel for the opening of the brand's Mademoiselle Prive exhibition at the Saatchi Gallery in ChelseaClashing colours at the Sundance Film FestivalLily-Rose wears a yellow sequinned dress by (you guessed it) Chanel for the Venice Film Festival screening of PlanetariumLily-Rose Depp donned head to toe Chanel at the French fashion house's spring/summer '17 show. The model turned actress wore a graphic printed shirt with heavy accessories, an ode to the computer-themed spectacle held at the Grand Palais. READ MORE: Lily-Rose Depp: 'Acting Sets Me Free' READ MORE: Watch Lily-Rose Depp's Rendition Of Justin Beiber's 'Sorry'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What would you do if we told you that you could win a year’s supply of shoes? You’d be overjoyed, wouldn’t you? You’d immediately enter our competition, tell all your friends, family and person walking past you on the street. You’d start trailing the internet for trainers, sandals, boots and (newly revisited) kitten heels. We know you’d do this, because we would do it too.So, just how can you win a year’s supply of shoes from Schuh? The way it works is two lucky winners will have 12 separate Schuh transactions, of up to £75, to use within a year, and to enter all you have to do is go on over to our Instagram @thedebriefuk, give us a follow – and then watch our Instagram stories where all will be revealed. Once you’ve read it, the below entry form will all become clear. Good luck!Like this? You might also be interested in…What SATC Taught Us About Shoes 17 Of The Best Shoes In Zara Right Now 5 Ways To Organise Your Shoe PileFollow Alyss on Instagram @alyssbowen This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Each spring the world’s most glamorous people descend on the South of France. From Nicole Kidman to Elle Fanning, everyone brings their fashion A-game. Beguiling the world with their beautiful dresses, the attendees of the Cannes red carpet redefined the rules of Hollywood glamour one couture dress at a time.Only Badgalriri could turn up to La Croisette without an invitation and upstage everyone. She served up wedding vibes in a creamy silk taffeta coat, strapless dress and Matrix-esque shades.It took 150 hours for Raf Simons’ team to create Nicole Kidman’s gown for the premiere of The Killing of a Sacred Deer. Let that soak in for a minute. That’s over six days of non-stop cutting, sewing and tailoring. It was made from circa. 180 yards of silk tulle, which is bigger than the size of most football pitches. It’s not just substantial in size but is a work of engineering as it features 70 hand-cut layers of silk tulle and 15 pads to bulk it out and create the volume of a classic couture silhouette.In just a year Micahel Halpern has gone from Central Saint Martins graduate to toast of London Fashion Week, and now Couturier to a Hollywood favourite. Halpern dressed Marion Cotillard in a glittering, sequin creation from his debut autumn winter ’17 collection. He told Vogue, ‘Marion is such a phenomenal actress, so when the opportunity arose to dress her, it was just a dream’.Hollywood’s favourite ingenue wore a Vivienne Westwood gown that spoke to her inner ‘unicorn flower child’.  It features a 17th Century corset, bustle and exaggerated train that was hand-painted with whimsical charms, like bees, lover’s knots and a unicorn. Westwood’s team have said it took ten people and more than 300 hours to finish the frock.Think South of France, and it’s hard to divorce the mental image of sun, sea and sandy beaches from that of Brigitte Bardot frolicking in the 1950s. Obviously, Emily Ratajkowski feels the same as she mirrored the blonde bombshell’s ’56 aesthetic in a Brock Collection black corseted summer dress and espadrille sandals.Last year Bella Hadid landed herself in the Cannes history book with a daringly high slit red silk dress from Alexandre Vauthier. This year she paid homage to herself by wearing a similar cream coloured gown with a mile-high split.You can rely on Myeline Valade to bring the androgynous option to the table. In past years the French model and actress has worn a tuxedo on the red carpet, but this year she picked a teal suit from Parisian tailors Pallas. Founded in the 1960s, Pallas is known for creating handcrafted ‘petite couture’ tailoring.Stewart told The Hollywood Reporter that she was 'like super stoked' about what she was wearing and that she picked it out ‘two weeks ago’. And, fair play, we would be too if we had the chance to wear a suspender dress and peach bandeau from Chanel’s Cruise collection.Winnie Harlow was glamour on a plate in a royal blue Zuhair Murad dress. From a quickest of glances, it’s easy to trace the dresses inspiration, which was Dynasty. The oversized draping, duchesse satin and bold 80s colouring makes it a hero piece of the designer’s spring 17 Couture collection.Showing off her Cali spirit, Kendall Jenner wore cut-offs on the red carpet. Sacré bleu! For the Fashion for Relief event, she wore a look from Alexandre Vauthier’s spring 17 court collection. Yes, it does include jean shorts but, they have a Swarovski crystal waistband, and it’s teamed with an exaggerated one-sleeve bustier with a flowing train.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just because you're about to board a long-haul flight, doesn't mean that you can't look stylish without compromising on comfort. Draw inspiration from celebrities like Miranda Kerr, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Kendall Jenner, who all nail airport chic and will help elevate your style status as you fly.Always look to this trendy jet-setter for fashion inspiration. You'll regularly spot her in high-waisted leather trousers and chic black sunnies.If you're hopping on a long-haul flight and want to look stylish while maintaining optimal comfort levels, then a slogan t-shirt tucked into black trousers or jogging bottoms is the way to go. Just look to VB for proof.Model Doutzen Kroes has nailed spring/summer airport chic in this bright ensemble. A flowing maxi skirt layered under a simple jumper has never looked so good.For a short-haul flight, throw on some ankle jeans and a patterned top like model Jourdan Dunn. And to stay on-trend this summer, opt for gingham prints, which are everywhere right now.A nude jumpsuit or co-ord paired with a clashing-coloured coat will certainly have heads turning as you walk through the airport - for all of the right reasons, of course.The best way to touch down in a hot country is in some baggy white trousers and a smart tailored blazer. If you don't believe us, just look at how chic Izabel Goulart looks after stepping off the plane.We can always rely on Gemma Arterton to nail a casual look. Her simple combination of a berton top tucked into high-waisted, bootleg jeans is a winner in our eyes. Tip: you can always swap heels for flats if you want to feel more relaxed on-board.Did you know that one of the best places to pull off retro sporty chic is at the airport? In fact, this is Gigi Hadid's go-to travel style, as she's almost always spotted rocking a bomber and trainers.A wrap-front playsuit and some crisp white high-top trainers is the perfect combo to covet if you're travelling to a hot country, as you'll remain cool as soon as you step off the plane.An all-black outfit (complete with sunnies, of course!) is the easiest way to ooze airport chic. But, to add a pop of colour, layer a thin satin trench coat over your shoulders, just as Rosie has done.Shop some of our favourite airport-worthy fashion staples, below.Culottes, £59 from HushGrazia - airport chic2of14Culottes, £59 from HushDress, £55 from HushStriped Colour Block Sweat Top, £20 from NextFila Trainers, £50 from JD SportsGingham Off-the-Shoulder Blouse, £22.99 from New LookWhite Wide Leg Trousers With Lace, £40 from River IslandVelvet Pleat Skirt, £32 from VeryPinafore Jumpsuit, £59 from La RedouteRayban Sunglasses, £149 from Vision ExpressHeels, £25 from Clarks at QVCTop, £240 from Self Portrait at StylebopWedges, £69 from Castaner at StylebopMetallic Backpack, £449 from Marc Jacobs at StylebopSilk Trench, £1709 from Burberry at StylebopREAD MORE: 13 Stylish Trench Coats You Can Wear Whatever The Weather READ MORE: What To Wear On A First Date: A Grazia Guide© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Though it was in France where his fame reached fever pitch, it was in Spain where his story started. But, as of later this month, it will be London where Cristóbal Balenciaga’s legacy will be honoured in a blockbuster exhibition at the Victoria & Albert Museum.When you Google ‘Balenciaga’ a floodgate of Ikea content opens. But, this wasn’t always the case. Before the recent controversy over the French fashion house recreating the Scandinavian homeware store’s FRAKTA plastic carry bag with a £1365, it was the great, storied legacy of the Cristóbal Balenciaga that scored the SEO top points.The Basque-born couturier is to thank for some of the 20th Century’s most dramatic leaps in fashion. As Christian Dior once said, ‘Haute Couture is like an orchestra whose conductor is Balenciaga. We, other couturiers, are the musicians and we follow the direction he gives.’ He, like Yves Saint Laurent and Dior, successfully reimagined the fashionable silhouette. His work played with volume, structure and draping. He was a master at cutting fluid, graceful shapes in shocking colours.Opening this Saturday, the exhibition will house over 100 pieces from ‘the master’ of couture, his protégées and contemporary designers honouring his legacy. To get you in the mood, let's take a walk through Balenciaga’s salon and relive some of his greatest feats.In 1950, Irving Penn photographed his model wife, Lisa Fonssagrives-Penn, in an excellent example of Balenciaga's genius draping skills. Lisa is known as the first supermodel and one of Balenciaga’s so-called snooty mannequins which were nicknamed ‘monsters’ due to their haughty attitude.A model demonstrated Balenciaga’s balletic use of volume and colour in 1954. See how it hangs, suspended from the shoulders away from the body? The designer was known for radically moving away from form-fitting silhouettes and embracing fullness.Cristóbal drew on his Basque routes in 1961 when he reimagined eveningwear with a Spanish flamenco twist and abbreviated flounces.Alberta Tiburzi wore the so-called ‘envelope’ dress in 1967. Though the dress was famous for its profound, anti-gravity tailoring Balenciaga reportedly only sold two of the gowns. And, one was eventually returned as the wearer complained they couldn’t use the bathroom in it.Alongside creating fantastical, innovative dresses that used substantial amounts of fabric, the designer created practical air stewardess uniforms in 1969 for Air France.Designer Nicolas Ghesquiere continued Cristóbal’s legacy in 2006 by rigorously reworking the founder’s seminal baby doll dress as 3-D outerwear that was repelled the body.Taking on the gauntlet, Demna Gvasalia used Balenciaga’s blueprint for shape and volume to reconceive the skirt suit with couture proportions in 2016.Balenciaga: Shaping Fashion, V&A, opens 27th MayLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Mango is quickly overtaking Zara in the style stakes. There, we said it. And boy, is it good to finally get that off our chest...But before you judge our bold (and undoubtedly controversial) claim, let us assure you that it wasn’t an easy decision to come to.Zara delivers ‘it could be designer’ pieces faster than you can say 'fashion', pretty much invented the meaning of elevated basics and gave Thursday the honour of being our favourite day of the week...But Spanish rival Mango has been steadily climbing the high street charts over the past few months with the help of sell-out arthouse inspired earrings, that checked coat and the circle buckled boots everyone coveted last autumn.But this season, Mango finally confirmed its status in the style stakes. The launch of its debut sustainable collection, ‘Committed’, introduced us to ruffled poplin dresses, supersized palazzo trousers and the linen bucket bag of dreams.And just months ago, the Spanish giant welcomed a second line, aptly named ‘Premium’. We’re talking COS-meets-Céline fashion at high street prices. The oversized clutch made its way into our shopping basket without a second thought just moments before the wrap-around blouse in deep purple joined the cult accessory.And just like that, Mango garnered the title of our most-beloved high street store.Still not convinced?We’ve rounded up the ten cult items of the season which prove the store is fast overtaking Zara in the style stakes:Yes, we couldn’t believe it either. This very clutch is the sartorial genius of Mango and it’s destined to be a sell-out. We’ll be teaming the tangerine-tinged accessory with wooden mules and denim flares, how about you?This time, we’re talking yellow. It’s undoubtedly the hue that keeps on giving this season. There’s no greater colour to don when feeling blue and this dress is bound to crack a smile amongst even the most poker-faced of colleagues.Team the silky number with sorbet pink mules and a bold red lip. Yes, this season we're set to colour-block our way to sartorial success...There are bows aplenty this season (they're almost as popular as flared sleeves). And we cannot wait to get our hands on this linen blouse.We'll be teaming the fashion piece with high-waisted flares, supersized earrings and wooden mules. Oh, and a tan would be lovely. Who's up for booking a holiday?This oversized bucket bag is the kind of accessory we daydream about. This is the perfect beach-to-city-drinks bag and will serve as a great fashion prop this summer so make sure to invest before it sells out.Debuted by the likes of Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid, the corset belt is continuing to make waves on the fashion scene. Simply layer over a silky white tee or a crisp shirt-dress with supersized sleeves. We're talking the bigger, the better. Finish with ballerina-esque block heels. Sorted.The jumpsuit is the most versatile fashion item you could ever own. Fact. Example, this utilitarian one-piece will achieve major style points when paired with white block heels and Scandi-esque jewellery. Think minimal and you'll succeed.Oh, this dress ticks all the major sartorial boxes. We're talking a candyfloss hue paired with supersized sleeves. We'll be teaming it with pillarbox red shoes and a co-ordinating bold lip.The fashion formula to remember this season? Pink + Red = Guaranteed sartorial success. Trust us.Perhaps one of Mango's coolest co-ords to date. We're desperately seeking this woollen blazer finished with gold buttons. We'll be layering ours over an oversized white shirt and finishing with backless loafers. Preferably, Gucci. But with a suit this great, there's unfortunately no excuse to be fussy...The pyjama trend is undoubtedly one of our favourite to date. It's the lazy girl's answer to dressing chic within a matter of minutes. We're desperate to invest in this floral two-piece courtesy of Mango, asap. Team with backless loafers (no, not slippers) and a floor-skimming duster jacket. Say hello to an extra ten minutes in bed this season...Purple is totally underrated if you ask us. This velvet asymmetric wrap shirt is perfect for the tricky transition into summer. We plan on accessorising ours with stacked jewellery and kick-flares. Simply finish with strappy '90s-esque heels. We challenge you to find a greater day-to-night look...Shop more of Grazia's favourites in the gallery below (if you still don't believe us):Credit: MangoWaiting until payday to invest in some spring attire? No need. Simply bag a corset this season and you'll update a white tee within a matter of minutes.Lace-Up Sash, £17.99, MangoMango Is The New Zara - Grazia2of21Waiting until payday to invest in some spring attire? No need. Simply bag a corset this season and you'll update a white tee within a matter of minutes.Lace-Up Sash, £17.99, MangoYes, it's the trend that keeps on giving. With pink continuing to reign the colour charts this season, we recommend investing in this ruched dress. Simply pair with white block heels and arthouse-inspired earrings.Poplin Mini Dress, £35.99, MangoYellow is the 'It' hue of the season, didn't you hear? We cannot wait to wear this flute-sleeved dress. Drench your wardrobe in sun this season. 100% Silk Dress, £169.99, MangoWe'll be accessorising our go-to shirt with these supersized earrings this season. Mixed Pendant Earrings, £12.99, MangoNever has purple looked so good. Team this asymmetric blouse with step-hem jeans and a cross-body bag.Wrapped Cupro Blouse, £99.99, MangoYes, this is the sartorial genius of Mango. We'll be teaming ours with an oversized white shirt and black flares. Buckle Leather Clutch, £149.99, MangoThis oversized bucket bag will take you from the city to the beach in one fell swoop. Finish with wooden mules and a t-shirt/slip dress combo. Cotton Bucket Bag, £29.99, MangoFYI, everyone should own a jumpsuit. We'll be throwing this on come summer and teaming it with leather cross-over sandals. In the meantime? Pair with zip-up ankle boots.Zip Long Jumpsuit, £59.99, MangoThese mules are at the top of our wish list this season so make sure to get there first. Trust us, they're bound to sell out.Wooden Leather Heels, £39.99, MangoNothing spells summer like a new pair of sandals. Race you to Mango...Leather Strap Sandals, £69.99, MangoWe'll be teaming this cropped blouse with high-waisted flares and wooden clogs when the sun says hello.Bow Linen Blouse, £29.99, MangoWe cannot wait to don this double-breasted blazer. We'll be wearing ours with the co-ordinating trousers and v-neck mules. Structured Wool Blazer, 139.99, MangoWe've had our eyes on this cropped trench for a few weeks now. We plan to wear ours with a black midi-dress and ankle boots. When the sun makes a rare appearance, swap the boots for sandals. Cotton Short Trench, £79.99, MangoThe pyjama trend is the fashion gift that keeps on giving. We'll be investing in the co-ordinating trousers, asap. Accessorise with slip-on mules and bug-eye sunnies.Satin Finish Floral Pyjama Shirt, £35.99, MangoWe'll be snapping this cold-shoulder shirt up come payday. This could just be the answer to any spring workwear dilemmas...Striped Cold-Shoulder Blouse, £25.99, MangoWe need some sheer sparkly socks, asap. These velvet '70s-inspired platforms are all we want this season. Velvet Platforms, £49.99, MangoClash the sorbet shades this season and co-ordinate these lilac trousers with pink hues. Buckle Pleated Lilac Trousers, £49.99, MangoWe have fallen head over heels for these lilac mules. Team with a crisp white tailored two-piece this wedding season.Fringe Satin Mules, £29.99, MangoThe weather is certainly picking up so that can only mean one thing, it's time to invest in swimwear. Whether you're jetting off to Lisbon or  keeping cool in London's lidos this summer, this lace-up swimsuit will do just the job.We'll be teaming this fuchsia spaghetti-strapped top with white flares and pointed mules. Work-to-drinks season has officially arrived. Lace Flowy Top, £29.99, MangoWe want everything in telephone box red ATM. First on our shopping list, this J.W Anderson inspired cross-body bag... Metal Appliqué Bag, £35.99, MangoREAD MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will LoveREAD MORE: Topshop Just Dropped Its Summer Collection (And We Want Everything)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gucci mania has officially swept the world. Their sales are up a whopping 48%, and they recently sent the Internet wild with their own Meme’s – genius!The Gucci catwalks in SS16 and more recently AW17 were a-sparkle with embellished collars, crystallised bum bags and magpie heels. But the shining star, pardon the pun, of their recent collections, have been their revival of ‘granny chic’ oversized, often embellished eyewear. From those yellow lenses to chunky 80s styles, Gucci has us falling for frames once again.If you’d like to splash out on a Gucci pair, the pink frames will set you back £605 The black and the tortoise shell coming in at £865.However, ours came in at less than the price of a Pret lunch. We bought our pink square shades from ASOS Marketplace’s Raw Edge Label and our embellishments from Poundland, but you can find these cheaply in most haberdasheries or craft stores like Hobbycraft. Score.2mm diamantes for the main frame and arms, £1 from Poundland.5 mm stones on the outer edges, £1 from Poundland. If you don’t have a Poundland or craft shop near you, you can buy them on eBay%20and%20here%20(http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/252588617020?_trksid=p2060353.m2749.l2649&var=551501054430&ssPageName=STRK:MEBIDX:IT).Bostik’s Ultra Strong glue, £1 The Works (also available in WHSmith and most supermarkets). We hear you, ‘Gluing gems on - surely they’ll just fall off in our handbag?’ Trust me, use the glue suggested, I am pretty sure its industrial strength. These gems aren’t going anywhere.TweezersA toothpickIf pink isn’t your thing, why not take inspiration from these Gucci’s glasses, and embellish a black pair with pearls instead? You can find flat back pearls on eBay for under £2.Since your glasses will be a slightly different shape to ours, take a second to plot our how many 2mm diamantes will fit across the bridge section of the sunglasses. We placed two rows of three gems, 2mm apart.via GIPHYAs tacky is the new tasteful (think Vetements thigh-high pleather boots, Balenciaga’s purple and orange clashing satin and Christopher Kane’s Crocs), we roadtested them right away.  Immediately we felt 80% sassier. Although they make a statement, you’ve got to ask yourself what fashion is without the fun? I love them and felt 80% sassier upon first wear.Did I get some funny looks from middle-aged men in suits- sure! Do I care? Hell no! My friend Hannah thought these were Gucci, and that I’d spent my rent money on the glasses in a drunken Net-a-Porter splurge. I’m chuffed! The admission they cost less than some lattes was met with a good level of awe.via GIPHYMy sister commented on them immediately, when I asked where she thought they were from, and for how much, she guessed, ‘Some ultra-cool label I haven’t heard of for £150?’ Again – I’ll take that. My boyfriend thinks I look, ‘Very Elton John’ (To me, a Rocket Man fan, this is a compliment). My oldest friend and BFF Georgi wants a pair ASAP, thinking they cost £60, ‘Possibly from & Other Stories?’In the ultimate test, I took my new shades to Meet The Parents. My Dad thinks I possibly got them from a Market Stall, (again, this isn’t an insult to me, cheap chic and all that). But does like them, which surprises me as he is an honest critic. My Mother deems them, ‘Jazzy’.Thumbs up all round. Don’t be fooled by the rocks that I got, I’m still Jenny from the Block.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Update Your Denim Jacket With This Simple Diy For Under £5How To Set Up The Vanity Table Of Your Dreams Thanks To PinterestUpdate Last Seasons Coat With A Colourful Collar Diy For Under £10Follow Jenny on Instagram @jennybrownleesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...First 'It' girls Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid were seen sporting them, and then Snapchat made a filter dedicated to them, and now, clear-lens sunglasses are set to be this summer's biggest eyewear trend.More and more fashion brands are beginning to design sunglasses that resemble frames that your optician might sell, although much more stylish. This new see-through design lends itself to a futuristic and almost geeky style - one that seems to pair well with any choice of outfit, thanks to the fact that the lenses are clear and therefore super versatile.While some of the sunglass designs feature clear lenses accompanied with metal framework, others have completely transparent frames. If you wanted to jump onboard this statement shade bandwagon, then you can find a selection of our favourite clear-lens sunnies below.Accessorize, Round Reader Glasses, £4.50Accessorize, Gemma Clear Preppy Sunglasses, £10ASOS, Geeky Metal Frame Clear Glasses, £12ASOS, Geeky Clear Lens Aviator in Pink Metal, £12Accessorize, Brow Bar Aviator Readers, £6Asos, Rose Gold Visor With Clear Lens, £14Asos, Ray Ban Clear Lens Round Optical Glasses, £122READ MORE: 13 Stylish Trench Coats You Can Wear Whatever The WeatherREAD MORE: 13 Stylish Trench Coats You Can Wear Whatever The Weather READ MORE: What To Wear On A First Date: A Grazia GuideREAD MORE: What To Wear On A First Date: A Grazia Guide© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by McArthurGlenWith warmer weather just around the corner, there's no better time than the present to create a wardrobe full of floating, lightweight layers that will see you through the changing seasons. If you're not sure where to start, think classic parkers, thin trench coats and weightless tops - or, just take a look at our curated selection from designer and high street outlet McArthurGlen Designer Outlets below. You can pick up each piece at the East Midlands centre, which we've been touring this week!M&S Was £16, Now £8 at McArthurGlenStructured, straight trousers will keep you looking and feeling cool, even when the temperature rises. A pair that is slightly high-waisted will help to create the illusion of an hourglass figure.Gap, £49 outlet exclusive at McArthurGlenDuring the transition between spring and summer, you may find that you still need to cover up with a jacket on breezy days. While a leather jacket or long cotton coat will be too heavy, a lightweight trench is the perfect additional layer.Kurt Geiger, Was £99, Now £49 at McArthurGlenLoafers are no doubt a sensible footwear choice for the warmer months, as they pair well with a number of different outfits, including pretty dresses, denim shorts, and smart jumpsuits. Update your shoedrobe with a suede pair for a modern twist.M&S, Was £18, Now £13 at McArthurGlenAn easy-breezy, weightless cardigan, like this pale pink one, is a must-have for any summer wardrobe. Layer it over vest tops to cover your arms when the weather is a little chilly, and roll up the sleeves when the sun comes out.Bench, Was £45, Now £31 at McArthurGlenIf a simple white shirt isn't already a staple in your summer wardrobe, then you need to make it one, pronto! During spring, you can throw a lightweight jumper over the top, and during summer you can style it tucked into denim shorts.Lacoste, Was £165, Now £109 at McArthurGlenWhile transitioning from spring to summer, opt for accessories that will stay on-trend during the changing seasons. Colours like baby blue, lemon, dusty pink and lilac are set to stay in style for the remainder of the year, so you can easily work a pastel bag into your look.See what went down at the **McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia  at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet in the East Midlands above. #fashionreimaginedPlus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Lightweight Layers' selection at **Plus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Lightweight Layers' selection at McArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer Outlets now. Discover more at  now. Discover more at East MidlandsEast MidlandsEast Midlands centre now, which has 70 designer and high street brands including Jaeger, Lacoste, Radley, Kurt Geiger, Levis and The Sunglass Hut, with up to 60% off. You can find the branch just off junction 28 on the M1, and it's open until 8pm Monday to Friday. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location. centre now, which has 70 designer and high street brands including Jaeger, Lacoste, Radley, Kurt Geiger, Levis and The Sunglass Hut, with up to 60% off. You can find the branch just off junction 28 on the M1, and it's open until 8pm Monday to Friday. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location.**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We don't know about you but once the sun makes an appearance (even if it is for a mere hour or two), we have an overwhelming desire to hit the shops. But before making the weekly pilgrimage to your favourite Zara store, make sure to take note of what's trending in the fash charts this week.Thankfully, fashion go-to, Lyst, has been keeping track of the most popular items of 2017 so far. Simply add to your wish list and head to the shops.Yep, this season we're channelling Leonardo DiCaprio circa 1996. Come on, you must remember when he starred as Romeo in the romantic adapation? Well, all we fixated on throughout the film was his penchant for cuban collared shirts. And now, it's high time we borrowed from the boys.According to Lyst, there have been over 180,000 searches for Hawaiian shirts in the past month alone. The favourite? A number by Gap. Who needs Gucci...The staple garment is receiving more attention than usual this year. More than 14,000 people are searching for the perfect summer dress in the last 48 hours. Search for the garment on a whole has risen by 167 percent.  Never has there been a greater excuser to book a holiday.Slides have made a comeback this season but this time, they're even bigger news. Yep, the shoe has taken inspo from the nineties and now features a platform. And they feature everything from pom poms to gingham bows. Back in March, over 33,000 people searched for platform slides so make sure to bag a pair, asap.Denim is the most talked about trend this season so no wonder the denim skirt is begging for a place in our summer wardrobe. Think like Bella Hadid and don the Canadian tux with metallic boots.But hurry, as search for the garment has increased by 46 percent since last season and 24,000 people were looking for a denim skirt as early as February. Talk about being prepped for the season ahead...You've got Kendall Jenner to thank. Over 35,000 people searched for the backless dress just last week. We'll be taking inspo from Paris Hilton circa 2002.As Baywatch returns to our screens, so does the high-cut one-piece. This season, forget the bikini and instead invest in the hip-skimming swimsuit.According to Lyst, one customer has searched for a high-cut swimsuit every five minutes on the website this year. Search has increased by 232 percent in total since last year.Pens at the ready, this is set to be the most talked about trend of 2017. You heard it here first. Forget the frayed hem for one moment and make room for the split-seam. Despite it only just making it to the fash charts, the jeans have already become the second most searched for style behind skinny. Pretty impressive, huh?Blue Jeans, £170, 7 For All MankindLet us introduce you to the most saved jumper on Lyst ATM. Search has increased by over 83 percent compared to last year.Pink Dégradé Cashmere Jumper, LystWe'll be tackling two trends in one fell swoop and teaming ours with a frayed denim skirt.It seems the nineties has had a major influence on our wardrobes this season. Just last week for instance, more than 16,000 people searched for the oversized denim jacket.Layer over a hoodie when the evenings grow cooler or drape over your shoulders when donning a silky slip dress.Happy shopping!READ MORE: These Are The Girls You'll Want To Dress Like This SeasonREAD MORE: Colour Coding: A Psychologist's Take On The 'It' SS17 Hues© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You've never taken jewellery making seriously. But now you’ve found the perfect little black dress and you want to look different and smashing every time you wear it. Anyone can go to and buy an off-the-rack piece of jewellery, but if you want something unique and all your own - you need to get your hands dirty. You can create your own collection of gorgeous, bold one-of-a-kind necklaces and oodles of pairs of statement-making, shoulder-grazing earrings. You can wear your personality around your neck or your arms or hanging from your ears with the right tools and a great imagination.All you really need to start is a clear table and a few basic supplies and a great how-to video. One of the best to check out on Youtube is the beginner course from The London Jewellery School.You can find all the best jewellery making kits easily on Amazon.For the best jewellery making supplies, you should visit Hobbycraft, where you can also buy storage for your supplies.  Cooksongold is also a great place to buy well-priced jewellery making supplies.WATCH: 11 Inspiring Career QuotesBeads.co has the best selection of beads, and some great ideas.However, bear in mind, some of the best sources for jewellery-making components are antique shops, street markets and, believe it or not, hardware stores (for example Portland Hardware). These stores are a great place to find small brass and stainless steel nuts, bolts and other fittings to make your designs modern and unique. You can also use the components of other pieces of jewelry that you find or own - this is where your cutter or scissors come in handy. When you see something that strikes your fancy, all you have to figure out is how to incorporate it in your design - technically and aesthetically.You need to bring your own personality to the process once you know the basics. Think out-of-the-box to make your designs unique. Don’t think necklace - think art; don’t think bracelet - think ‘arm candy’; don’t think earrings - think what can I hang from my ears to make my hair look fabulous.Think about the following conceptsColourYou probably know what you like, but picking up a color wheel will help; also, get your hands on the Pantone colour charts for what colors are ‘in’. You can take your LBD through the years by having your jewellery reflect the latest color trend.ContrastThis includes both color contrast and shape contrast. Do you want to make a statement that’s quiet and monochromatic or bold and uniquely conceptual?ShapeIncludes length - for a necklace or earrings, number of strands - for a necklace or bracelet. Above all, determine what shapes are most flattering to you.TextureJewellery components can be smooth, rough, fuzzy, matte, shiny, etc. Use the textures that best tell your story. Mixing textures lead us back to our thoughts on Contrast.Get a notebookWhether a digital or old-school one, download or cut and paste everything you like, so you have a reference point for what you need to learn to do and what you want your final product to look like. Snap photos - not necessarily of jewelry pieces, but of tableaus or people you find intriguing - study those photos to decide what drew you to them - shape, color, mood.Jewellery-making uses both the left and right sides of your brain - its technical and creative at the same time. You might favor one side of your brain over the other - we all do - but you need to cultivate both for any of your jewellery projects. This is where coffee - or wine - helps.Follow your instincts and have fun. Your LBD will look smashing in no time.More about the author: Susan Littin, designer/owner of Sumaris Jewelry | New York applies these design strategies in creating her one-of-a-kind collection of bold statement necklaces, earrings and bracelets.READ MORE: How To Dress Like A ScandiREAD MORE: How To Remain Fashionable Even When It RainsREAD MORE: How To Choose The Right Pair Of Sunglasses For Your Face ShapeREAD MORE: How To Find The Perfect Wedding Lingerie For Your Big Day© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bikinis? Zara dresses in varying degrees of floral? Mini-sized bottles of everything in Boots? Usually low on the priority list when it comes to the summer vaycay splurge...Travel Luggage. Though that’s all set to change this season, thanks to one buzzed-about brand fashion editors can't stop talking about RN...AWAY – founded by New York-based jet setters Steph Korey and Jen Rubio – has rapidly gained traction on Instagram since launching in February 2016 thanks to a recent sell-out collaboration with Pop & Suki and fans including Karlie Kloss, Emily Ratajkowski, Margot Robbie and more. And now wanderlust wannabes can get in on the action too as the rising, tech-infused label has finally launched in the UK.‘A couple of years ago, my suitcase fell apart at the airport and I struggled to find a replacement,’ Jen tells Grazia. ‘All of the options I found were either nice, but prohibitively expensive, or cheap and flimsy.’‘People wanted something lightweight and durable, with four smooth wheels and plenty of room to pack their belonging,’ Steph says. ‘Because everyone’s phones die whilst traveling, we added a built-in battery to our carry-on bags, which come in six core colours; black, navy, dark green, sand, brick, and grey.’There are other thoughtful features too - like a removable laundry bag and built-in lock. ‘Away luggage has everything you need and nothing you don’t,’ Korey adds. ‘And it’s a third of the price of other suitcases of similar quality because we’re a direct to consumer brand.’Affordable luxury is definitely having a moment in the fashion and beauty sphere (see KITRI, The Ordinary Skincare et al), but up until now has yet to properly catch on in the luggage department (monogrammed Louis Vuitton cases Joan Collins-style seen as the ultimate ‘status symbol’).But a chic + robust + lightweight suitcase based on what modern travellers actually need = happy holiday-goer.Dream holiday booked? AWAY founders reveal their top three tips to pack like a pro this season…"Flat pack your clothes! It not only prevents wrinkling, it allows you to fit way more in your suitcase. We compared it to rolling and were able to fit in several extra outfits by flat-packing.""Travel often? Keep a wash bag of travel-sized toiletries packed and ready to go at all times. It alleviates the stress of trying to pack tiny shampoos and moisturisers in the night-before packing frenzy.""If you’re going from place to place, group your clothing together by destination (and even go as far as to separate it in packing cubes). This is how we go from beach to board meeting to formal event without pulling apart everything in our suitcase at each stop."READ MORE: 13 Stylish Trench Coats You Can Wear Whatever The Weather READ MORE: What To Wear On A First Date: A Grazia Guide© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With summer just around the corner, event invitations are starting to pile up. Whether it’s graduation or your best friend’s wedding, it’s time to buy a dress. And, not just any dress, a frock that can see you from spring to autumn, from daytime soirees to raucous late night affairs. For girls with curves, Elvi has the best options as it starts at a size 14 and goes up to a 26. And, best of all, their dresses are deftly affordable with none more than £70.Now, all you have to do is choose one…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Going to the gym may make you groan, especially in the winter months when you would much rather curl up on the sofa with warm comforting food. But getting all kitted out with some chic gym wear is where motivation is born, trust.Whether you like to hit the treadmill full-throttle, or prefer a relaxing yoga class once a week, wearing the right clothes can benefit your health and encourage your desire to work out.We've scouted the most flattering gym wear that will actually make you excited to go the gym (really). You won't even be embarrassed to be spotted out-and-about running errands in your gym attire.To get the best out of your workout you need to be dressed appropriately, but different activities require a slightly different dress code. We have you covered on how to dress for your workout and how to stay looking stylish.Whether your yoga class is fitness-based or more spiritual, the key is to be comfy and wear layers. During a warm up and warm down you will usually wear a jumper or long sleeve top, and sometimes socks. You should also wear a supportive sports bra to hold you in place even when you're in the most unorthodox positions.On your bottom half you can opt for whatever suits you best but enables you to stretch - tight leggings, capris, trackies or floaty yoga pants.These Victoria's Secret yoga pants combine comfort and glamour, and are available in different colours and patterns.When you're doing a cardio workout on the treadmill, cross trainer or even a through a high intensity class, the most crucial items of clothing you should be wearing are a highly supportive sports bra and specialised running trainers. The sports bra will keep your breasts in place to avoid them hurting when you run (and to ensure they don't sag over times), and proper trainers will support your feet, ankles, legs and back. It's definitely worth splashing that extra bit of cash to stay supported and do right by your body.These Nike Flynit Air Mac iD running trainers will support your body while you run, and you can even customise them.Holdalls are bags you can chuck everything you need for a trip to the gym into, and they don't have to be ugly either.Read more about the hottest gym bags here.Who said you had to dress plain and boring at the gym? Take inspiration from these Instagram accounts...you'll want to stand out.@lilybod_official@Varley@zannavandijk@tashoakleyShop Grazia's ultimate fit kit below:Credit: sweaty bettyNavasana 7/8 Logo Yoga Leggings, £78 from Sweaty BettyBest Gym Wear - Grazia2of25Navasana 7/8 Logo Yoga Leggings, £78 from Sweaty BettyAsteya Long Sleeve Yoga Top, £55 from Sweaty BettyEco Yoga Mat, £40 from Sweaty BettyEscape Luxe Jumper, £95 from Sweaty BettyInfinity Workout Bra, £45 from Sweaty BettyHigh Intensity Run Bra, £45 from Sweaty BettyCompetition Swimsuit, £70 from Sweaty BettyActive Stripe Capri Leggings, £13 from Forever 21Active Colorblock Jumper, £23 from Forever 21Knockout by Victoria Sport Hot Short, £35.91 from Victoria's SecretIncredible by Victoria Sport Bra, £31.82 from Victoria's SecretThe Player by Victoria Sport Logo Tank, £17.73 from Victoria's SecretWoman Adidas Neo Studio Bag, £19.95 from AdidasWomen Running Supernova Glide & Shoes, £99.95 from AdidasThe coolest P.E. kit we've ever seen. These super stylish (and supportive) centre pass stretch-jersey leggings are on our gym wish-list, £90, P.E.Nation at Selfridges Sports luxe clothing at its best from new brand to know: P.E. Nation. We're currently coveting their hybrid check stretch-jersey sports bra, £80, Selfridges Womens Sport L'Aerobica Vest, £18 from ellesseAllenarsi Sports Bra, £18 from ellesseSpingere Legging, £30 from ellessePalmestra Top, £50 from ellesseNew Balance for J.Crew Performance Crop Top, £72 from J.CrewTrack Sweatpant, £75 from J.CrewNew Balance for J.Crew Jacket in Trinamic Fabric, £154 from J.CrewP.E Nation is one of our go-to fitness brands at the moment. We've never been so excited to hit the gym.The Asset Crop, £66.45, P.E NationWe have our eyes on this water-resistant jacket from one of our favourite brands of the moment, P.E Nation.Over The Line Jacket, £176.19, P.E NationWATCH: On The Go Beauty HacksREAD MORE: Gym Equipment Has More Germs Than A Toilet SeatREAD MORE: Hitting The Gym Could Make You Better At Your JobREAD MORE: We Tried Out The Best Gym Alternatives & Fitness Trends (So You Don’t Have To)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Trench Coat. Immortalised by Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany’s. Alexa Chung’s festival essential (just take a brief gander through the Glasto archives). And the classic cover-up is always a fixture among the street style pack at Fashion Week, come rain or shine.So, if you've yet to invest in the perfect 'buy now, wear forever' coat, or are just on the hunt for a dream trench you can actually wear in summer, Grazia picks the best on the market RN. You’re welcome…Can’t afford a Burberry number? We’ve found a great high street version from Jack Wills for just £149 to channel your inner Audrey Hepburn. Looks good with literally anything – from a chic LBD to dressing up an otherwise drab outfit? Elegant outerwear personified? Done and done.For the ultimate SS17 style statement, opt for an on-trend tomato cape-like trench, like this cool cover-up from Zara. Met Gala vibes, non?The basic rules: 1.) The more oversized the better 2.) Roll up your sleeves 3.) Stick to a muted colour palette.For the super-luxe club, think satin fabrics, ‘look at me’ metallics and pretty in pink palettes.The utilitarian trend is back in a big way for both SS17 and AW17 (See Burberry, Stella McCartney and Dior), AKA time to dust off your trusty khaki trench. Pragmatic.Shop Grazia's edit of the top trench coats for SS17, from Zara and Mango to Prada and Burberry...Color-block silk-faille trench coat, £1,925, PradaTrench Coats SS17 - Grazia 2of13Color-block silk-faille trench coat, £1,925, PradaSandringham Mid cotton-gabardine trench coat, £1,295, BurberryLinen and cotton-blend trench coat, £530, See by Chloé Aaron satin trench coat, £740, Elizabeth & JamesStudio trench coat with contrasting belt, £179, ZaraHathershaw cropped trench coat, £129, Jack WillsDuncombe trench coat, £149, Jack WillsMetallic trench coat, £583, 3.1 Philip LimSatin trenchcoat, £49.99, H&MBeige trenchcoat, £99.99, H&MWild trench coat, £90, WeekdayEmbroidered trenchcoat, £110, TopshopLond cotton coat, £80, WeekdayREAD MORE: In Defence Of Sienna Miller's 'Do Not Fancy Me Clothes' READ MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels You Need To Know© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At the moment the weather is aggravatingly unpredictable. One minute it’s all bare legs and open toe shoes, the next we're back to winter coats and umbrellas-at-the-ready downpours. We can’t promise you’ll be able to slip on these sandals immediately, but, when the sun does come back out we guarantee you’ll be glad you invested in these shoes at the start of the season. So, put the legwork into your summer wardrobe now…Like this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Buying the perfect pair of jeans. AH! It’s a bit like searching for the perfect boyfriend. Personality is key. They will allow you enough space to move around and do your own thing. But, you will inevitably return back to them. Time and time again...And as we all know, when it comes to finding the leading denim in your life there is no ‘one size fits all’ style...there's skinnys, cut-offs, bootlegs and boyfriends (and that’s just your Starter Pack). But with the humble jean - albeit a bit flashier - making a splash on the runway and with the street style set this season, there is no better time to hunt for your next ‘It’ buy. Here’s our edit of the hottest new cuts to contend with…Call it the Vetements-effect, but bloggers and fashion editors cannot stop ‘gramming one denim style in particular: the ‘step hem’ (which, according to Lyst has seen a 140% rise in searches). Sure, IRL it’s a bit like marmite. But, if you should be so inclined our high-street heroes from Zara, Mango to Topshop are all on board the split-hem stampede…For petite ladies, who have long resisted the culottes fashion camp, you can wear this style…we promise. Just stick to high-waisted styles - like Donna Ida’s ‘Pimp My Margot' pair.‘It can [also]be tailored to get that ‘awkward’ fashion length,’ Donna tells Grazia. ‘So if you’re short you can snip the hem off and fray the edges, or if you’re tall, you can release the hem to have the raw edge showing which adds a couple of inches.’The overriding trend for SS17? COLOUR. For a hint of dopamine dressing, give your denim a summer update with a little hue makeover (ba-bye black skinnies!) We’re loving the new supermodel-approved TOUCH Colour denim collection from Replay. The brand initially launched the Touch collection in November, and due to its sell-out success have decided to roll out to the collection in Pink, Electric Blue and Military Green in a variety of styles: Super High Waist, High Waist, Low Waist, and Cropped.DIY denim patches? Cute motifs? Floral appliqué? ‘90s revival embroidered denim has the cool-girl stamp of approval for SS17 (according to Pinterest data, there's been a 110% increase in search since the beginning of this year). Heads to Mango immediately.Is the ankle the new cold shoulder for spring / summer ’17? Apparently so. For Jane Birkin circa ’71 vibes, simply pair with a white blouse and black patent boots (or Birkenstocks in sunnier climates).‘Our denim inspiration this season was the raw and creative lifestyle of the counter-culture movements of the seventies,’ cult denim designer Chloe Lonsdale of M.i.h Jeans tells us.‘This was interpreted as raw and frayed hems, super-faded washes and non-stretch denim,’ Londsdale adds. ‘The key shapes for us this season are the rigid straight leg and cropped flare and we’re continuing to play with re-tailoring and customisation techniques.’According to Lyst, search for ‘frayed hem’ jeans has increased by 78% (it no doubt helps that A-listers from Gigi Hadid and Elle Fanning to Kendall Jenner have been endorsing the look big time of late).These Replay Straight Jeans with rips and extreme frayed hem are currently the most viewed pair on Lyst. Tip: for the bold and brave fashionistas? Finish off the look with some ‘millennial pink’ mules. Perennially chic.From 70s-style flares to high-waisted wide leg fits, Grazia rounds up the best jeans to shop now...Asymmetric flared denim trousers, £39.99, ZaraDENIM GALLERY SS17 - GRAZIA2of11Asymmetric flared denim trousers, £39.99, ZaraEstrella straight cropped jeans, £49.99, Mango Vetiver denim trouser, £45, WeekdayRosa cropped flare jean, £240, AtticoStraight cropped high jeans, £34.99, H&MHigh-rise cropped mini flare jeans, £19.99, ZaraCropped kick flare jeans, £38, Topshop Marion wide leg jean, £260, King & Tuckfield 'Lou' jean, £225, M.i.h'All Is Love' embroidered mid-rise skinny jeans, £395, Net-a-Porter TOUCH Colour in electric blue, £145, Replay And for those in need of a little help in the jean department pre-shop (aka, all of us) designer Donna Ida shares with Grazia her 101 guide to buying denim. Ladies - listen, learn, repeat…Be open minded. Always visit a denim specialist and be open to the suggestions the assistant makes. Like any garment all jeans are essentially the same – two legs, five pockets, but the magic is in the individual fit.If jeans go on easily, go down a size. Kicking your way into the legs isn’t unusual.When buying jeans with super stretch buy them firm but not overly tight. If you have ‘seam strain’ down the legs, they are possibly too tight and this could damage the stretch.Apple shaped girls should look for plenty of stretch in a straight leg in a dark wash. They are the most flattering.Alterations can give you the perfect jeans. Think about adjusting the waistband or slimming the legs. Small adjustments are not unusual.The waistband should be snug. If you can fit two fingers down the back that’s good, a whole hand is not.Boyish shapes can wear most styles. Add some shape and interest with zips and details on back pockets.Don’t be afraid to hem cropped jeans. People often think that if cropped jeans aren’t the right length then they’re not the jeans for them, but cropped jeans should be hemmed to fit properly, just like a bootleg or straight leg.A curved, or pieced waistband, is ideal. This will be slightly higher at the back than the front and will curve into your waist rather than sit straight up.Long legs look best in a mid to low rise to keep the waist at the right height. Whereas petite girls look great in a high rise thataccentuates the waist and elongates the legs.Read the care instructions. Most premium jeans are best washed COLD, that’s cold and not 30 degrees. Any warmer and you are damaging the fabric.When having your jeans hemmed for flares take the shoes you want to wear with them to the fitting. You should decide on the shoes and stick with those shoes for your flares.Have fun with your denim. Distressing, releasing the hems or adding rips can modernise your look.READ MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels You Need To KnowREAD MORE: The 8 Items That Will Revive Your Spring Wardrobe © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a freelancer who works in the creative industries, my ‘workwear’ dress code is pretty much ‘whatever the hell I want to wear’. When I’m working from home that usually means keeping things comfy and casual, but if I’m out and about and meeting people, I tend to go a little more dressy. Besides, working as a freelance writer and brand consultant, I also run a platform for creative working women called Women Who – so an average day might involve anything from having important meetings with clients to venue scouting for an upcoming Women Who event, in between interviewing creative women over a casual coffee. There’s often a lot to pack into a single day, so my wardrobe has to be pretty versatile – here’s how I do it.H&M, Cotton Twill Trenchcoat, £79.99; Monki, One-Shoulder Ribbed Jumpsuit, £35; H&M, Ankle-Tie Sandals, £34.99The jersey material of this wide leg culotte jumpsuit from Monki is super soft – it pretty much feels like I’m wearing a pair of PJs, which is always a good thing in my books. This H&M trench coat will be great for fending off the unpredictable ‘spring’ weather we've been having, and I’ve added a pair of dusky pink sandals to inject a bit of colour. The chunky block heel of this H&M pair makes them surprisingly easy to walk in, and I could see myself wearing these for a full day with ease.H&M, Smocked cotton blouse, £29.99; Warehouse, Crushed Velvet Midi Skirt, £39; H&M, Ankle-Tie Sandals, £34.99I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this velvet Warehouse skirt – the material feels a lot more expensive than its £39 price tag, and it hangs beautifully. I’d probably wear this outfit when hosting an event as it’s dressy without being overly formal – the dusky pink sandals work really well with the acid yellow, whilst the black high-necked H&M top balances out the brightness of my bottom half.ASOS, Top with Open Back & Tie Detail, £28; Warehouse, Strappy Shift Crepe Dress,£39; V By Very, Melanie Pointed Court Shoes, £24; H&M, Shoulder Bag, £29.99 The side split on this Warehouse dress keeps things interesting, and I love the splash of colour this orange ASOS blouse worn over it adds to the mix – it looks lovely against darker skintones like mine. The H&M handbag is surprisingly roomy on the inside too, so there’s plenty of space to carry all the important things, without spending the whole day weighed down by the mountains of crap I inevitably seem to end up carting around!River Island, Blue Stripe One Shoulder Frill Top, £32; River Island, Black Amelie Super Skinny Jeans, £40; V by Very, Pebbles Pearl Slide, £22You can’t go wrong with a t-shirt and jeans, and this is basically a souped up version of that. This is the sort of thing I’d wear for casual coffee meetings, or if I’m going to be running around all day and want to give my feet a break from heels. I love the off-shoulder vibes of this River Island top, and the pearl detail on the V by Very Slides slides stop what’s otherwise a fairly simple outfit from veering into ‘boring’.H&M, Cotton Twill Trenchcoat, £79.99; Warehouse, Mixed Stripe Shirt, £39; River Island, Black Amelie Super Skinny Jeans, £40, V By Very, Melanie Pointed Court Shoes, £24 The H&M trench coat has returned, although this time I’ve paired it with simple black heels and a shirt to give it a slightly more formal vibe. The multicolour stripes on this Warehouse shirt give it a contemporary feel that I’m really into - this is City dressing for anyone keen to avoid the unimaginative grey suits that seem to be de rigeur.ASOS, Tux Longline Blazer, £38; V By Very, Tailored Slim Leg Trouser, £16; V By Very, Melanie Pointed Court Shoes, £24 Channelling the Starman with this silver ASOS blazer and its space-age vibes. I love that it isn’t nipped in at the waist as women’s blazers often tend to be – the oversized fit makes it feel way more on-trend. I can see myself wearing this to important meetings where I really want to make an impact.Like this? You might also be interested in:Hey Brides, We Tried On Dresses That Will Make Bridesmaids Look CuteWe Tried On Asos' Best Summer Tops For Big Boobs So You Don't Have ToWe Tried On Slinky, Silky Pieces You Can Wear Day Or NightFollow Otegha on Twitter @womenwhoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s official. We’re experiencing the second wave of the global fashion epidemic that is, Scandi-mania.Last winter, we rushed to invest in all things ‘Hygge’ from sweet-smelling candles to Ganni's cult tee. And surely enough, just months after the Danish trend infiltrated the British market, we were introduced to 'Lagom' - the sustainable approach to life.But this season, we’ve stepped our obsession with all things Scandi up a notch. Yep, we've even gone so far as to ship the Swedish go-to brands the fash pack rely on to our shores.Scandi go-to Weekday is setting up shop in London this summer alongside H&M's newest brainchild, Arket. Intrigued? Just imagine if & Other Stories and COS had a fashion baby... Yup, it's set to change our shopping game forever.So in celebration of the impending Scandi invasion, we've scoured the shops for must-have items to covet ahead of the grand launch...It's finally that time of year again. And you're soon going to have to make the biggest fashion splurge of the season on the 'It' swimsuit. And good news, as the Scandi fash pack do swimwear well. We have our hearts set on this copper one-piece from Swedish high street fixture, COS.Copper Swimsuit, £39, COSThere is no denying the formidible influence Ganni has on our tee game. The Scandis rock up to fashion month in the latest 'It' t-shirts and somehow always manage to make such a casual garment look luxe. So we couldn't round up the best buys from our northern neighbours without including a Ganni tee. You are very welcome.'Peach Me' White T-Shirt, £45, GanniThis season, we're experiencing the rise of the logo. Case in point, Vetement's DHL tee and our newfound obsession with Ikea. So look to Danish born Samsøe & Samsøe for the 'It' bag of the season. Carry it over your shoulder on your annual city break or trade in your basket bag when hitting the beach.Graphic Shopper, £29.95, Samsøe & SamsøeCredit: COSCOS has been one of our favourite Scandi brands since day one. And these v-neck block heels just about sum up why. We'll be teaming ours with a bell-sleeved spring dress and a basket bag, pronto.Chunky Heel Pumps, £125, COSScandi Items - Grazia2of15COS has been one of our favourite Scandi brands since day one. And these v-neck block heels just about sum up why. We'll be teaming ours with a bell-sleeved spring dress and a basket bag, pronto.Chunky Heel Pumps, £125, COSWe've been coveting a striped bag ever since Balenciaga introduced us to their market-esque numbers. We'll be taking ours to the beach.Large Striped Canvas Bag, £35, COSForget the bikini this summer and opt for a chic one-piece instead. We'll be donning ours with babouche shoes with a wicker tote in tow. You cannot possibly get more Scandi than with a pair of slip-on mules. Consider these a must when heading straight from the office for after work drinks.Beverly Sandals, £185, Filippa KEvery Scandi-wannabe requires a minimal leather shopper. We have our eyes on this dreamy accessory from Danish go-to, Filippa K. Paper Thin Black Tote Bag, £120, Filippa KThe Scandi fash pack prefer origami-style pleats and straight-cut silhouettes. So in the Danish spirit, we plan on investing in this v-neck blouse by Filippa K.Layered V Neck Navy Top, £180, Filippa KYup, another word-emblazoned tee. The Insta fash pack have this look nailed so seek inspo from your Scandi favourites. We'll be layering ours beneath a silky slip dress. Brenda T-Shirt, £59.95, Samsøe & SamsøeSee if you can define athleisure any better than this skirt. We didn't think so. We'll be pairing ours with a white tee and trainers. Mabel Skirt, £69.95, Samsøe & SamsøePerfect the 'drouser' look this season and team this floral dress with the co-ordinating flares. We challenge you to find a more Instagrammable look...Boise Dress, £104.95, Samsøe & SamsøeThe whole trodden in look is totally fashion forward. Bonkers but great. We'll be wearing ours this summer with ruffled florals.Saphire Backless Loafers, £144.95, Samsøe & SamsøeSlogan tee? Check. 'It' hue of the season? Check. What more could you possibly need? We'll be teaming ours with deconstructed jeans, mules and a basket bag. Lida Pink T-Shirt, £54.95, Samsøe & SamsøeWe've obsessed over printed tees all season and now, we have our eyes on logo-emblazoned shoppers. This canvas bag will not only prove useful but will perfect the smart/caj look. Graphic Shopper, £29.95, Samsøe & SamsøeGanni will forever be our go-to Scandi brand when it comes to t-shirts. And if you've already stocked up on enough 'Space Cowboy' tees to make your heart content then why not invest in their latest cult number? We most certainly will be...'Peach Me' T-Shirt, £45Baum und Pferdgarten launched in Copenhagen back in 1999 and ever since, the Danish brand has been teasing us with Scandi must-haves . And the latest spring/summer drop is calling us.Alisha Striped Dress, £209, Baum und PferdgartenTrade in the basket bag this summer and team this Weekday number with a minimal one-piece and raffia sandals. Black 'Kim' Bag, £20, WeekdayREAD MORE: Everything We Know So Far About New Fashion Brand, ArketREAD MORE: The Brands You Need To Know To Fake It As A ScandiREAD MORE: Forget Hygge, Lagom Is 2017’s New Favourite Scandi Buzzword© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Is Balenciaga…A man or a woman?’ a colleague asked recently. Not such a silly question, actually. It’s 2017: The French fashion house has amassed an enviable clientele (fans include Sienna Miller, Rihanna and Kendall Jenner), is arguably one of the hottest PFW invites in town and often makes one question even the most basic fashion rules each season (an oversized shopper bag giving off a bit of an IKEA tote vibe? Over the knee purple spandex boots? Who cares!) Yet, many know almost nothing about the man who created the brand in 1917; Cristóbal Balenciaga. A stark contrast to the “celebrity designer” standard of today; selfies with their muse of-the-moment, millions of Instagram followers, their beloved pets having millions of Instagram followers et cetera. But now the profound impact the private visionary has had on the modern fashion world (he was famously referred to as the “master of us all” by Christian Dior) is to be celebrated this month at the V&A with their summer blockbuster Balenciaga: Shaping Fashion.The first of its kind look at the designer’s unique approach to making is divided into three sections; ‘Front of House’, ‘Workrooms’ and ‘Legacy’. 150 garments - including 20 hats - will be on display, some of which have never been seen by the public. Forensic fans will also appreciate the ‘X-ray’ room - which reveal hidden details in four Balenciaga dresses invisible to the naked eye, thanks to X-ray artist and filmmaker Nick Veasey.‘We’re looking at Balenciaga in a very particular period, the ‘50s and ‘60s, considered to be his most creative,’ exhibition curator Cassie Davies-Strodder tells us. ‘He had a really long career. He started a fashion apprenticeship at 12. Opened his first fashion house in 1917. But didn’t actually become internationally famous until his late thirties; when he opened his Paris fashion house in 1937.‘It was really in the 1950s though that his ideas of shape and cut are coming together,’ Cassie says. ‘His work becomes a lot more minimalist. His main rival during this time, Christian Dior, had a very retrospective view on fashion. Whereas Balenciaga was pushing more modern shapes - like the barrel line, babydoll silhouette and the ‘sack dress’ (where he completely eliminates the waist). Then there’s the iconic ‘envelope dress’...Only a few of those remained. I think one was returned because the wearer couldn’t figure out how to go to the bathroom in it!'Towards the end of his career in the late ‘60s he’s moving towards almost completely abstract, architectural creations.’Balenciaga: A feminist couturier going against the corsetry grain? He certainly was not interested in forcing the female form into a particular shape, but was obsessed with  ‘draping’ and ‘framing’ the body: ‘He really enjoyed the challenge of the ‘imperfect’ form,’ Davies-Strodder reveals. ‘He quite liked an older woman, and someone with a bit of a stomach - I think there’s something liberating about that. That you put these dresses on and will look beautiful on whatever figure.’Diversity - not a hot topic in the modelling world in the 1950s - was ever-present on the Balenciaga runway. His could-be up to two-hour long catwalk shows became legendary - ‘he would throw people out if they were talking too loudly’ - due to his house models (dubbed ‘monsters’ by the press). ‘They were really unusual looking themselves,’ Cassie says. ‘They were different shapes, sizes and ages - Balenciaga hand-picked some of the oldest working models in Paris in their 50s. I think the intention was that he had this wide variety of models that any women could see themselves in.’That being said, his crème de la crème customer was a strong woman with her own sense of style. ‘We have a lot of pieces from Gloria Guinness (society girl and fashion icon in the ‘50s and ‘60s’) and she’s a good example of his ‘ideal’ customer,’ according to Cassie. ‘She had an understated casual chic about her - very self-possessed and elegant. She was a thinking woman, not just a pretty young girl. Her clothes aren’t “showy”. She wore plain things but wore them beautifully.’Balenciaga’s approach in his work and life? Less is more. ‘You can’t find his voice anywhere really,’ Cassie says. ‘He only ever gave one interview in his whole career, and that was after he retired in 1972. He was always behind the curtain watching his show and never came out to bow.’ While Christian Dior was writing his autobiography in the first five years of his career, Cristóbal was reluctant to play the fashion game (‘he banned the press from viewing his collections during the first 10 years of his fashion house - which you’d think would be career suicide!’) But it’s this confidence, personal enigma and knowledge is his own ability that would revere him among fellow designers such as Givenchy and Dior.‘Balenciaga knew his customers inside out,’ Giles Deacon told BoF recently, after designing Pippa Middleton’s wedding dress. While ready-to-wear was taking over the fashion world in the late ‘60s, Balenciaga has zero interest in ‘making pieces of clothing and not knowing the body that was going to be in it.’ For those that question the relevance of haute couture now, the Met Gala's recent love letter to the avant-garde highlights craftsmanship and attention to detail is more popular than its ever been. Balenciaga’s lasting influence is also traced in the second half of the exhibition ‘Balenciaga’s Legacy’ – exploring how he has inspired young designers working today such as Molly Goddard, Simone Rocha and J.W. Anderson.‘We interviewed Molly [Goddard] and she said she loved that Balenciaga’s work had an “ugliness” to it which makes it all the more beautiful,’ Cassie says. ‘Her work closely reflects the baby doll dress Balenciaga was introducing in 1957. In our collection with have this lantern-like creation in lace that hangs away from the body. It’s almost two separate garments - you can see the shape of your body but it’s almost hidden by a big volume.’Balenciaga: Shaping Fashion is at the V&A from 27 May 2017 – 18 February 2018, vam.ac.uk/balenciagaMain image: Alberta Tiburzi in 'envelope' dress by Cristóbal Balenciaga, Harper's Bazaar, June 1967 © HiroREAD MORE: In Defence Of Sienna Miller's 'Do Not Fancy Me Clothes' READ MORE: Pippa Middleton Chose This Designer To Make Her Wedding Dress© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Straw basket bags - as uncompromisingly weather-dependant as they are - are the summer accessory staple. A golden straw bag (like a straw hat) connotes warm summer days, whether the scene be picnicking on lush lawns in a floral dress, meandering the streets of Monaco or Venice or hitting the beach on a bank holiday weekend. But now, as sunshine (finally) lights up the UK, a wicker bag hanging in the crook of your arm is the perfect seasonal addition to any ensemble.A wicker bag adds texture and dimension to an outfit. Pair a oversized straw tote with a dressed-down look to run errands in the city, or layer a structured straw cross-body bag over an eclectic and clashing ensemble for a fashion-forward finish.Emily Ratajkowski paired her floral summer dress with a basket bag while relaxing in the French Riveria, in between red carpet appearances at Cannes Film Festival.For those who love to spin a modern twist on a classic look, why not team this season's hottest print, gingham, with a straw bag, å la the iconic styling of Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz.If you're won over by this latest SS17 bag trend, we have done all the hard work for you and have rounded up the most lust-worthy straw basket bags to add to your basket. On the designer front, Sophie Anderson's collection of straw bags is the place to shop, and on the high street you can count on Mango, Zara and M&S to deliver the goods. Whether you want a straw bag that makes a statement (think pom poms, pops of colour and dynamic shapes) or you want to ease into the trend with a understated, vintage-y style, look no further and shop the gallery below.Raffia basket bag, £89.99 from MangoBasket bags - Grazia2of21Raffia basket bag, £89.99 from MangoRaffia Cross-Body Bag With Strawberries Detail, £49.99 from ZaraCrossbody Bag With Pompoms, £25.99 from ZaraPicnic Basket, £29.99 from ZaraStraw Market Tote, £49.50 from J.CrewSophie Anderson Adorada Circle Straw Bag, £165 from MATCHESFASHION.COMRosie Assoulin Striped Woven-Straw Jug Bag, £740 from MATCHESFASHION.COMSophie Anderson Lella Circle Straw Cross-Body Bag, £175 from MATCHESFASHION.COMSophie Anderson Serenella Wicker Basket, £210 from MATCHESFASHION.COMMark Cross Benchley Textured Leather-Trimmed Rattan Shoulder Bag, £1,545 from Net-A-PorterVanessa Seward Dakar Painted Straw Tote, £170 from Net-A-PorterSensi Studio Palmas Maxi Woven Toquilla Straw Tote, £205 from Net-A-PorterEdie Parker Jane Gingham Canvas-Paneled And Wicker Shoulder Bag, £1,415 from Net-A-PorterStraw Bag, 8.99 from H&MStraw Bucket Shopper Bag, £15 from M&SRose Bag, $185 from BembienLa Plague Straw Tote Bag, $45 from Salt ShoppePom Pom Straw Grab Bag, £35 from John LewisSlogan Packable Straw Tote, £25 from AccessorizeMessage Straw Basket Bag, £35.99 from MangoRaffia Basket Bag, £29.99 from MangoREAD MORE: The Best Floral Dresses For SS17READ MORE: Let Dorothy Be Your Style Muse This Season: The Best Gingham Pieces To Shop NowREAD MORE: What To Wear On A First Date: A Grazia GuideREAD MORE: 1980s Suits Are Making A Fashion Comeback© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It seems that Carrie Bradshaw really meant it when she said, "I have this little substance abuse problem... expensive footwear."The designer beyond one of her most beloved brand of shoes - Christian Louboutin - has revealed he never once gifted a freebie to the hit HBO show.Producers had to pay every last dollar of the iconic red-heeled creations sported by Carrie and co., even though their wardrobe department was inundated by free clothes and shoes by other labels keen to benefit from SATC's seal of approval.Speaking at a Q&A session in New York this weekend, Louboutin revealed that he was initially unaware of the buzz around SATC in the mid-90s - because he lived in France and didn't watch TV.He recalls how legendary retailer Jeffrey Kalinsky urged him to create shoes for the programme, in return for the SATC effect of great publicity.Louboutin told Kalinsky, "Yes, I know. They [the SATC wardrobe department] called me but they don’t want to pay... Nothing is great publicity when it doesn’t pay. That’s my job. I design shoes and people buy them."Louboutin says he later met SATC star Sarah Jessica Parker, whom he describes as "a bit of a shoe freak, which is kind of nice".The designer added that he doesn't gift his heels to celebrities or famous clients, either - because the act of handing over cash for a pair of beautiful shoes makes the process more special, and more democratic."You're dying to have this thing or that thing? That's an important feeling that everybody should be able to have, regardless of how famous you are. So, it's actually an act of charity that I'm doing [by not giving away the shoes for free]," he said."That said, I give shoes to friends — so if you're a friend, celebrity or not, I give shoes," he added. "But I'm not saying all stars are good friends of mine."Read More: An Oscar De La Renta Spin On Carrie Bradshaw's Wedding DressRead More: You Can Actually Buy Carrie Bradshaw's Most Iconic SATC ## Outfit© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s funny to think just how gauche logos were just a couple of years ago. At the time, the fashion world fawned over Scandi minimalism and Celine’s refined elegance which made the concept of wearing a brand’s label on the outside of your clothes plain cringeworthy. But, after Gucci’s successful rebranding and the rise and rise of WaveyGarm’s post-Noughties aesthetic we’ve come around. It’s now possible to not look like a douchebag while wearing designer labels, fact. But, you just have to follow a few simple rules… summer17 essential 💁🏼A post shared by  Areta Szpura (@areta) on May 9, 2017 at 12:16pm PDTSince Ikea trolled Balenciaga for copying its iconic blue tote (and inflating its price from 40p to £1672) the internet has hit back and made the Frakta an It bag in its own right. Carry it now, before everyone clocks this bargain trend. 🎀🎀🎀A post shared by  Simi & Haze (@simihaze) on Apr 14, 2017 at 6:17pm PDTDJS Simi and Haze are lauded by everyone (us, included) for their personal style. So, when they wear head-to-toe logo we’d naturally assume they dropped a lot of $$$ on it. But, pause, zoom in and you’ll see these are closer to Shirt NYC’s school of ‘100% real fake’ merchandise. Or, is it…Logo-mania may be all the rage on Net-A-Porter right now, but Etsy has some hidden vintage gems that look as good as new. Deep dive into Burberry cast-off’s for a designer high and a dose of early 2000s nostalgia.Double the designer logo for optimum impact. Example: Sarah Synder’s extra shot of Fendi print. '71 → '17A post shared by  miniswoosh™ (@miniswoosh) on May 5, 2017 at 2:55am PDTArtist and Nike geek Alexandra Louise Champion Hackett makes her own designer clothing. She tailors dungarees out of old sports bags and makes logo necklaces out of old charms and proves covetable labels don’t come with a hefty price tag.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Floral dresses for spring/summer may not be especially “groundbreaking” but there’s something to be said for flower-inspired prints, bright colours and floating fabrics. It’s no surprise designers and consumers flock to florals every year – stepping outside on a warm day when sunshine is breaking through the clouds and flowers are blooming while wearing a beautiful floral-printed dress feels, well, fitting. And as a nation obessed with the change of the season and the sartorial transitions that go hand-in-hand with it, the excitement and enthusiam surrounding florals is synonymous with our obsession about the weather.There really is a floral dress for every occasion, whether you're going for drinks or dinner, taking a trip to the beach; a office-wear; city-strolling; countryside-frolicking; running errands...Make like Emily Ratajkowski and pair your floral dress with a straw basket bag for the ultimate on-trend ensemble. (Shop the dress in gallery below.)There are some great floral picks on the high street and in designer lines this season, and we have scouted out our favourite. Shop the gallery below to find your perfect floral dress.Daisy Lace Skater Dress, £49 from Topshopfloral dresses ss17 - Grazia2of21Daisy Lace Skater Dress, £49 from TopshopButton Bardot Maxi Dress by Flynn Skye, £150 from TopshopFloral Shirred Bardot Dress, £42 from TopshopRose Print V-Neck Dress, £65 from & Other StoriesGlory Bower Print Wrap Dress, £65 from & Other StoriesFrilled Collar Dress, £95 from & Other StoriesShirt Dress, £39.99 from ZaraLong Printed Dress, £39.99 from ZaraMini Dress with Print, £39.99 from ZaraFloral Print Long Dress, £99.99 from MangoFluted Hem Dress, £15.99 from MangoBow Floral Dress, £35.99 from MangoChloé Floral-Print Metallic Fil Coupé Silk-Gauze Maxi Dress, £2,600 from Net-A-PorterMaje Ruffle-Trimmed Printed Chiffon Midi Dress, £240 from Net-A-PorterAttico Natalia Floral-Print Silk-Chiffon Dress, £1,190Satin Wrap Dress, £39.99 from H&MSlip Dress, £17.99 from H&MChiffon Dress, £39.99 from H&MBlack Floral Jacquard Cami Mini Dress, £55 from River IslandDolce & Gabbana Hydrangea-Print Embellished Cady Gown, £4,600 from MATCHESFASHION.COMOscar De La Renta Strapless Silk Crepe de Chine Gown, £5,160 from MATCHESFASHION.COMREAD MORE: The Best Straw Basket Bags To Buy NowREAD MORE: The Best Spring/Summer Dresses To Buy Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The highly-anticipated day has finally arrived. This morning, Pippa Middleton wed fiancé James Mathews in a small ceremony in Berkshire.And Pippa gave Giles Deacon the honour of dressing her in a custom-made lace gown, perhaps a sartorial cue from sister Kate’s wedding look in 2011.But which designer did the Duchess of Cambridge opt for? Kate of course stayed loyal to one of her favourite brands and chose to don Alexander McQueen for her sister’s nuptials.She wore a pale pink, ankle-skimming dress by Sarah Burton, who also dressed her for own wedding day. She finished the look with an understated fascinator and co-ordinating shoes.The minimal look  was presumably in an effort to distract the attention from her own sartorial choice, as it is, after all, her younger sister’s big day.READ MORE: This Is Who Designed Pippa Middleton's Wedding DressREAD MORE: All Of The Pictures From Pippa Middleton's Wedding© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it was first announced that Pippa Middleton was engaged to boyfriend James Mathews, there was only one question on our lips. Who will be trusted with the responsibility of designing her wedding dress?Back in November, we revealed that Giles Deacon was rumoured to have been given the prestigious honour. And it turns out, we were correct.This morning, Pippa arrived in Berkshire in a lace gown by Giles Deacon. She accessorised the dress with a Stephen Jones veil and Manolo Blahnik ivory satin shoes.So congrats to Deacon because let's be honest, after reaching global fame following her role as bridesmaid at sister Kate’s nuptials, the pressure to design her wedding gown must have been intimidating.The Central Saint Martin's alumnus was spotted arriving at Pippa Middleton’s home with some rather intriguing dress bags late last year.The 47-year-old designer spent over two hours at the London property with Pippa’s mum Carole and Giles’ assistant in tow.It turns out, Grazia's Fashion Editor Gemma Hayward guessed correctly in the team's predictions.WATCH: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsCongratulation to the happy couple.READ MORE: Who Will Design Pippa's Dress? Grazia's PredictionsREAD MORE: This Is Why Kate Might Not Be Bridesmaid At Pippa's Wedding© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Move over Coco Chanel, Walt Disney might be this year’s biggest fashion inspiration. Last April, Kenzo colluded with The Jungle Book to create a collection, then Christopher Kane designed a Beauty And The Beast inspired range, and Local Heroes got in on the act with Disney princess sweaters. But, it’s a pair of stilettos that have got us feeling our inner six-year-old. Surprise! Now you can pre-order a selection of our new Spring Summer '17 collection exclusively at @modaoperandi. #oscartiye #ss17 #preview #trunkshow #minniesandalA post shared by  OSCAR TIYE (@oscartiye) on Aug 15, 2016 at 7:51pm PDTAt first glance, the heels, which are designed by Italian label Muaddi and sold by Oscar Tiye, are just your run of the mill black satin stilettos. But as the wearer walks away Minnie Mouse’s distinct ears are revealed. Surprise! You can now pre-order a selection of our new Spring Summer '17 collection exclusively at @modaoperandi. #oscartiye #ss17 #preview #trunkshow #minniesandalA post shared by  OSCAR TIYE (@oscartiye) on Aug 15, 2016 at 7:39pm PDTThough minimalists will favour the all-black style, magpies will be keen to know they come in gold glitter as well. Unlike most merch, they cost more than pocket money with prices starting at £415 and going up to £690. Surprise! You can now pre-order a selection of our new Spring Summer '17 collection exclusively at @modaoperandi. #oscartiye #ss17 #preview #trunkshow #minniesandalA post shared by  OSCAR TIYE (@oscartiye) on Aug 15, 2016 at 5:34pm PDTDisney die-hards have already cottoned on and hit the heart button on Oscar Tiye’s Instagram page. Actress and model Lydia Hearst was among many when she wrote: ‘I am quite literally obsessed with all things @Disney, pins, clothes, memorabilia, set pieces, you name it...! I need these in my life’. Her comment followed the scores of ecstatic messages and floods of heart-eyes emojis.You can buy them now on Net-A-Porter.Image Courtesy of @oscartiyeLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We take it as a given that Zara’s younger, sparkier line is called TRF. But, have you ever stopped and thought for a second, ‘what does it stand for?’ Well, we have. And after hours of Googling, we (sort of) found out.TRF is home to Zara’s more trend-savvy pieces – think Vetements-esque tracksuits and oversized denim. Always situated in the back of the shop, its range is targeted towards 13-25-year-old women and is the place to find graphic tops and casual dresses. You’ll never find it on the mannequins in the windows, but it’s a mainstay of the store.The name is an abbreviation of ‘trafaluc’, which after extensive research we can safely say is a made-up word. It’s marketing speak and nothing more. As Zara is a Spanish brand we spent a good portion of our day looking through dictionaries and on Google Translate but we've come up empty. We assumed it was a Spanish word, but, we checked in with a mate who’s fluent, and that’s not the case.In fact, Zara told us: 'TRF stands for Trafaluc which is one of the four main departments of the Zara ladieswear collection, the TRF section is aimed more towards the younger customer rather than the WOMAN or STUDIO collections which are a bit more classic in style. I have enquired with my Spanish colleagues and have been told that Trafaluc doesn’t actually mean anything, it is just a name as is Bershka for example.'It wouldn’t be the first or the last time a brand has created a catchy-sounding word to name a product. Some labels, like Nike, which is taken from the ancient Greek goddess of victory’s name, or Hyundai, which means ‘modernity’ in Korean, have meaning behind their monikers others are just catchy. For instance, Häagen-Dazs, which was founded by a Polish Jewish immigrant Rueben Mattus revealed, ‘the only country which saved the Jews during World War II was Denmark, so I put together a totally fictitious Danish name and had it registered,' He told Tablet Magazine, ‘Häagen-Dazs doesn’t mean anything. [But] it would attract attention, especially with the umlaut.’On that note, their’s no cute backstory to yoga label Lululemon's title either. In 2009 the founder wrote: ‘It was thought that a Japanese marketing firm would not try to create a North American sounding brand with the letter 'L' because the sound does not exist in Japanese phonetics. By including an 'L' in the name it was thought the Japanese consumer would find the name innately North American and authentic. In essence, the name 'lululemon' has no roots and means nothing other than it has 3 'L's' in it. Nothing more and nothing less’. And, we're assuming the same can be said for TRF.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @**lucyalicemorris**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s hard not to spot a Balmain girl in the crowd. Dynasty-style shoulder pads? Mid-80s beaded jackets? Jaw-dropping embellishment? It also helps that Beyoncé, Rihanna and the Jenner/Kardashian clan are unofficial ambassadors for the brand on many a red-carpet event (FYI: the label’s creative director Olivier Rousteing is one of the most well-connected designer’s in the biz - just check out his Instagram). But now the famed visionary is dressing a very different squad: Ballet dancers…Dancer and choreographer Sébastien Bertaud has tapped the Balmain designer to create the costumes for the Paris Opera, outfitting a troupe in a piece called ‘Renaissance’ from June 13th-18th.‘Of course, it is an amazing honor to work with the Paris Opera,’ Rousteing says. ‘There are few institutions that embody so well the essence of French culture and creativity. Obviously, designing for the rigors and techniques of classical dance was a new challenge for me and my team—but it one that we very much enjoyed facing.‘As someone who has always been fascinated by the beauty and power of dance, this project was a joy to work on, giving me the unique opportunity to learn from and share ideas with a group of incredibly talented artists and craftsmen for whom nothing seems to be impossible.’Forget minimalist designs in varying shades of pearl – Balmain’s ballerinas will feature ‘impressive golden and silver embellishments’ and ‘rhinestones and pearls embroidered directly onto bodysuits, tights and draped tees.’*Books mini-break to Paris in June immediately.READ MORE: Kendall Jenner's Favourite Designer Is Launching A Makeup Collection READ MORE: 15 Scandi Items To Covet Ahead Of Arket's London Launch© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In 1946, a mechanic named Louis Réard created a piece of clothing that now hangs in nearly every woman in the western hemisphere’s wardrobe, the bikini. This week, 70 years on, the OG swimwear line relaunches.When Réard created this groundbreaking item he gave it an equally radical name, calling the two-piece the 'bikini' after the Bikini Atoll island  in the South Pacific which was used for testing the atomic bomb. In keeping with this theme he also produced the ‘atome’ costume, which was advertised as the world’s ‘smallest bathing suit’ . Thanks to the early adopters like Marilyn Monroe, Brigitte Bardot and Bond girl Ursula Andress it exploded onto the swimming scene and became one of fashion’s biggest success stories.After years floundering in obscurity, Réard Paris has been reborn for summer ‘17. Now helmed by Céline Adler who comes from a stint at Chloé, it’s set to be a brand to watch. In keeping with it’s St Tropez heritage the brand’s new look is refined, elegant and indebted to history. Look for two-pieces with cutouts and fluid lines and supportive swimsuits with cutaways and asymmetric silhouettes.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Next Wednesday evening, the A-list crowd will flock to the French Riviera for the 70th Cannes Film Festival.As one of the most prestigious awards ceremony in the fashion calendar, there's no denying that all eyes will be on the stars. And with the media spotlight set to fall on the A-list, they're sure to don their greatest attire.So ito mark the upcoming celebration of on-screen talent, we take a look back at the most memorable looks in Cannes history...Back in 1952, Brigitte  Bardot attended the Cannes Film Festival in a cold-shoulder gown and fur stole.Back in 1955, Sofia Loren attended the 8th Cannes Film Festival. The actress was just 21 years of age at the time.Jane Birkin attended Cannes Film Festival in 1974 with Serge Gainsbourg. The actress donned an asymmetric dress finished with the now iconic basket bag. What else?Back in 1987, Princess Diana donned a powder blue chiffon dress by Catherine Walker to the Cannes Film Festival. She finished the look with a co-ordinating scarf. The famous look has since gone on to be sold at auction for £81,000 at auction.Kate Moss attended the 51st Cannes Film Festival with then-boyfriend Johnny Depp back in 1998. For the red carpet, the original super opted for a cold-shoulder dress with a marabou feather trim. And decades later, we still cannot get enough. The former nineties couple attended the premiere of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.Back in 2007, Angelina Jolie attended the premiere of Ocean's 11 in a yellow couture gown by Ungaro.  The actress finished the red carpet look with Chopard jewels.One of the most talked about dresses of 2015 belonged to Lupita Nyong'o. Decked in Gucci, the actress attended the premiere of Le Tete Haute.Blake Lively is to Cannes what Rihanna is to the Met Gala, the Queen. The prestigious ceremony is the place where the actress' sartorial taste shines the most, and there’s no denying that Blake is every waiting photographer’s dream. Choosing just one of her looks was undoubtedly difficult but we had to select her sparkling blue dress by Atelier Versace. The actress donned the look for the premiere of Steven Spielberg's, BFG back in 2016.Rosie Huntington-Whiteley attended the 69th Cannes Film Festival in red couture gown by Alexandre Vauthier. The model walked the red carpet ahead of the premiere of The Unknown Girl.The model of the moment attended the premiere of From The Land Of The Moon in a black cut-out couture dress by Roberto Cavalli.Vanessa Paradis joined Jenner on the red carpet back in 2016 in an Elie Saab Gown.We're besotted by the Clooneys at the moment. And Amal Clooney's glorious sorbet dress by Atelier Versace at the 69th Cannes Film Festival is one of her greatest looks to date. The human rights lawyer made her debut on the red carpet for the premiere of Money Monsters, starring her husband, George.Quite possibly one of the most memorable dresses in Cannes Film Festival history. Model of the moment, Bella Hadid, made her debut at the 69th Cannes Film Festival memorable after choosing a couture split-leg dress by Alexandre Vauthier.Take a look back at more of our favourites in the gallery below:Lottie Moss co-ordinated with sister Kate back in 2016, in a red long-sleeved gown by Dior. The model finished the look with Chopard jewels. Cannes Most Iconic Dresses - Grazia2of11Lottie Moss co-ordinated with sister Kate back in 2016, in a red long-sleeved gown by Dior. The model finished the look with Chopard jewels. Back in 2013, Cara Delevingne opted for a black lace gown by Burberry. The model finished the look with supersized earrings and a bold lip.Princess Diana attended the Cannes Film Festival back in 1987. The late princess opted for a powder blue chiffon gown by Catherine Walker. In 2015, Natalie Portman donned a cold-shoulder haute couture dress by Dior.Back in 2001, Kate Moss donned a fur coat over a pleated shirt dress. For the premiere of Ocean's 13, Angelina Jolie opted for a sunshine yellow gown back in 2007. Sienna Miller opted for a geometric gown by Valentino for the premiere of Sea of Trees. For the 69th Cannes Film Festival, Rose Huntington-Whiteley chose a red ruffled gown by Alexandre Vauthier.Back in 2011, Diane Kruger opted for a silk, backless gown by Calvin Klein. The actress finished the look with a berry lip. Model of the moment Bella Hadid made Cannes history in a memorable dress by Alexandre Vauthier back in 2016.Cate Blanchett attended the premiere of Sicario back in 2015 in a black Armani Privé gown.READ MORE: 7 Super Stylists To Follow On Instagram During Cannes Film FestivalREAD MORE: Why Has This Cannes Film Festival Poster Sparked A Huge Row?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to the red carpet, it doesn’t get better than Cannes Film Festival. Okay, so you’ve got your Met Gala, which falls in the ‘avant-garde-get-up-or-go-home’ club. The Oscars...Which is, more often than not, an ode to Old Hollywood. Cannes, however, channels European glamour in the best possible way; with A-listers drenched in diamonds and exceptionally chic designer gowns from Chanel to Prada. It also kicks off in mid-May. Summer film festival = lots of primary colours getting a look in (remember Bella Hadid’s slinky satin red number last year?).But these ladies did not wake up looking like that. Thank god. Yes, those perfectly polished looks you see in the magazine have taken hours of prep before the paps can get snap happy. And the #1 person any true fashionista would have on speed dial during the event? Her stylist.So, with the 70th Cannes Film Festival less than a week away, Grazia’s got the low-down on the mega stylists to follow on Instagram, who have dressed everyone from Kristen Stewart to Sienna Miller for the week-long affair on the French Riviera...Insta-following? @kateyoung / 170kA-list clients? Dakota Johnson, Margot Robbie, Selena Gomez, Michelle Williams, Natalie PortmanStar Cannes moment?  Sienna Miller in 2016, wearing a Valentino Haute Couture silk-scarf style gown with a kite motif.Insta-following? @elizabethsulcer / 169kA-list clients? Bella Hadid, Adriana Lima and Stella MaxwellStar Cannes moment?  Bella Hadid in 2016, wearing that now-iconic red satin dress with a thigh-split, by Alexandre Vauthier.Insta-following? @elizabethstewart1 / 58kA-list clients? Cate Blanchett, Julia Roberts, Jessica Chastain, Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, Amanda Seyfried, Gal Gadot, Zoey Deutch, Annabelle WallisStar Cannes moment? Jessica Chastain in 2012, wearing a white beaded dress by Giorgio Armani.Insta-following? @taraswennen / 43kA-list clients? Kristen Stewart, Chloe Bennet, Lucy Hale, and Caitriona BalfeStar Cannes moment? Kristen Stewart in 2012, wearing a striking scarlet Reem Acra gown.Insta-following? @nina.clare / 7kA-list clients? Kirsten Dunst, Jennifer Aniston and Reese WitherspoonStar Cannes moment? Kirsten Dunst in 2016, wearing a chic 1950s style Dior Couture dress.Who? Leslie FremarInsta-following? @lesliefremar / 45kA-list clients? Julianne Moore, Charlize Theron, Jennifer Connelly, Nicole Peltz, Scarlett JohanssonStar Cannes moment? Julianne Moore in 2015, wearing a dark silver and black beaded gown by Armani Privé with a feathered bodice.Insta-following? @karlawelchstylist / 82kA-list clients? Sarah Paulson, Olivia Wilde, Michelle Monaghan and Ruth NeggaStar Cannes moment? Ruth Negga in 2016, wearing a sheer and demure black Marc Jacobs number.READ MORE: 13 New Models To Name-Drop In 2017 READ MORE: 9 Rising Fashion Bloggers You Need To Know© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The world could not handle the news that Pippa Middleton was engaged to her beau James Matthews, after flashing her estimated 250K sparkler for us gawkers to swoon over. Then came the questions...Will her big sis be her bridesmaid?  Where will they say ‘I do’? Will MIC star Spencer Matthews be best man? And DATES - we need dates, please!But the bigger question on every fashion girl’s lips – who will design Pippa Middleton’s wedding dress?The 32-year-old author and businesswoman has upstaged her sister on many a royal occasion. Case in point? Kate and Wills’ wedding in 2011, in that white Alexander McQueen dress.And even her day-to-day fashion choices get serious applause from top Fashion Editors – whether she’s rocking a chic skinny jean and silk top combo or a glamourous floral print dress for Wimbledon.So to celebrate the upcoming nuptials of the rising royal style icon, team Grazia has picked the designers who are in the front running to dress her on her big day…'I think Jenny Packham - she designed Pippa’s dress for Kate and Will’s reception (below) and while she’s very quintessentially British, she’s also not not too ‘fashion’, which Pippa isn’t either. She’s never worn a fashion forward piece like Roksanda etc… Pippa is very into that quite sloaney floaty, floral, maybe a bit embellished dare I say it, Monsoon look. Packham is a safe choice.’ Laura Grabiner, Grazia’s Fashion Intern‘I would love to see Giles Deacon design her dress. His new couture line is just beautiful and it would be great if she used a British designer and someone who is known for statement gowns’. – Gemma Hayward, Grazia’s Senior Fashion Editor‘I would love to see Pippa in a gown designed by Giles, something fabulous and with intricate detailing, it would be great for her to wear a British brand, or something super elegant and clean from Roksanda.’ - Polly Knight Grazia’s Shopping Editor‘I’m all for a bit of healthy sibling rivalry in the style department. While of course I thought that Sarah Burton’s chic and lacy creation for the Duchess of Cambridge was phenomenal, it would be interesting to see how Pippa’s wedding dress by Kate’s go-to designer would differ. Let the Bride Wars commence…’ – Emma Firth, Grazia’s Freelance Writer‘Pippa always looks incredible in Tabitha Webb’s statement dresses. In fact, she’s such a fan of the under the radar brand she recently collaborated with them to create an exclusive dress and scarf in aid of the British Heart Foundation. ‘Pippa co-designs her own wedding dress’. Now that’s a headline I’d like to see. ‘ - Danielle Fowler, Grazia’s InternWill have to wait and see what the final result is. But in the meantime here’s a look back at all the times Pippa Middleton was our ultimate style crush…Credit: GettyA huge tennis fan since childhood, Pippa has been a regular face at Wimbledon for years. This summer, Pippa donned a geometric mini dress by Tabitha Webb to the tennis tournament.Pippa Middleton2of10A huge tennis fan since childhood, Pippa has been a regular face at Wimbledon for years. This summer, Pippa donned a geometric mini dress by Tabitha Webb to the tennis tournament.Pippa donned this season's most sought after hue to the Cheltenham Festival, Gloucestershire on 14 March 2013.Pippa wore a monochrome dress by Tabitha Webb accessorised with a red heart clutch to the British Heart Foundation's 'Roll Out The Red Ball' event at The Savoy.Pippa attended the 'Too Many Women' Autumn Dinner & All Saints Party For Breakthrough Breast Cancer at Petersham Nurseries on October 13, 2011 in an oriental style dress with a bold lip.Following a wedding proposal from boyfriend James Mathews, Pippa steps out in a floral dress and of course, wears her engagement ring.Because we can't not include it... Pippa donned an Alexander McQueen sheath dress to the wedding of sister Kate in 2011. The dress was designed to blend in with Kate's wedding gown but undoutedly did the opposite.Pippa showed us how to work this season's most coveted trend, the basket bag, on the streets of New York. Paired with a blue chambray shirt, Pippa nailed smart-casual in the city.Pippa wore a feathered dress emblazoned with Swarovski crystals by Mathew Williamson to the Vanity Fair and Serpentine Sackler Gallery VIP dinner in 2013.WATCH: MOST STYLISH CELEBRITY WEDDINGSREAD MORE:  Pippa Middleton Is Engaged To James MatthewsREAD MORE: The Most Iconic Wedding Dresses Of All TimeREAD MORE: This Is Why Kate Middleton Might Not Be Pippa's Bridesmaid © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As Zara’s little-known sister brand, Bershka is unfairly overlooked. It’s not extortionately priced and more stylish than it gets credit for. Bershka usually gets labeled as the Spanish store’s youth-facing range, but one look at their Jane Birkin-esque straw basket bags and work-ready shirts and you’ll be sold. Put Bershka on your radar now.Like This? Then you might also be interested in:9 Starter Sunglasses So Cheap You Won't Mind Losing Or Breaking ThemWe Tried On Asos' Best Summer Tops For Big Boobs So You Don't Have ToEverything We Know About Alexa Chung's New Fashion LineFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by OfficeWhat better way to step into summer than with a standout pair of trainers? As well as being perfect for upcoming festival season, trainers are easy to pair with a lot of daytime outfits. So, update your shoedrobe with one of these five stylish sneakers from adidas, and you can rest assured that your cool girl status will be elevated, ten-fold...Summer is no doubt the perfect time to switch up your look with an array of pastel picks, like the new adidas Court Vantage, which has been dressed up in a gorgeous dusty pink shade. Plus, pay attention to materials when choosing your summer shoe: for example, a supple suede fabric looks smart, and is guaranteed to be more comfortable than your heels.Since its debut as a tennis shoe in the 1970s, the Stan Smith style has reigned supreme for its simple and classic design. As well as featuring the original perforated 3 stripes along the side of the shoe, and Stan Smith’s face on the embroidered tongue tab, the latest release has had a colour update - and we love it.The new trainers, which come in two stylish shades - light grey and bronze, and lilac and metallic purple - will help you inject a pop of colour into your life.Alternatively, if you prefer to keep your style minimalistic, you could opt for a crisp white trainer, and style it with with some vintage denim for an effortlessly cool look. Did someone say sneaker chic?For a retro sporty feel, slip your feet into the new adidas Classic Superstar trainers, which boast a chic '80's silhouette. As well as featuring a feminine all-over pale pink colouring, the shoes encompass the iconic 3-stripe detailing associated with the brand.Shop these adidas trainers in-store or online now at **Shop these adidas trainers in-store or online now at OfficeOfficeOffice..**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by McArthurGlenThe 1980s was a period where women embraced having a bold fashion style: they played with their silhouettes by opting for oversized clothing and they worked shoulder padding like never before. And now, we sense that the trends from this stylish decade are making a comeback, because we've spotted lots of supersized suits making an appearance on the runways, and on the streets.So, we've decided to team up with designer and high street outlet McArthurGlen Designer Outlets to share some of our favourite 'Supersized Suits'-inspired pieces we spotted when we toured the Ashford centre, in Kent.M&S, Was £29.50, Now £14.50 at McArthurGlenChannel the '80s by rocking an outfit with strong shoulders to create the illusion of a bold silhouette. For a modern twist on the trend, look for shirts or blazers with frill detailing near the shoulders.Tommy Hilfiger, Was £125, Now £88 at McArthurGlenWide leg, boxy trousers will replace tight-fitted ones this Summer. Opt for a pair that's high-waisted to draw in your waist and give you an hourglass figure.Gap, Was £29.99, Now £14.99 at McArthurGlenLightweight fabrics like cotton and linen are perfect for Summer, and are suitable for both work and evening dressing.Jaeger, Was £299, Now £199 at McArthurGlenFor true 1980s sensibility, play dress up with tops and jackets that feature a cropped bottom or sleeve.Ted Baker, Was £189, Now £119 at McArthurGlenWhile brightly-coloured outfits were popular during the mid-1980s, muted colours such as white, grey and brown took centre stage during the early 1980s. Work this chic colour palette into your wardrobe by choosing a few key crisp white pieces and accessories.Radley, Was £189, Now £106.25 at McArthurGlenMake like a fashionista and punctuate your outfit with an oversized handbag. Draw inspiration from celebrities such as Victoria Beckham and Kate Moss, and opt for one with short handles and a big body.See what went down at the **McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia  at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet in Ashford above. #fashionreimaginedPlus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Supersized Suits' selection at **Plus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Supersized Suits' selection at McArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer Outlets now. Discover more at the  now. Discover more at the Ashford Designer OutletAshford Designer OutletAshford Designer Outlet, which can be found at Junction 10 on the M20, and that has over 80 designer and high street brands including Ted Baker and Jack Wills, with up to 60% off all year round. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location., which can be found at Junction 10 on the M20, and that has over 80 designer and high street brands including Ted Baker and Jack Wills, with up to 60% off all year round. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location.**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Don’t get us wrong, we’re here for denim in every shade, wash and fit. But, sometimes we need more than a jean jacket. This spring, branch out and try a khaki army jacket or a cropped cord button-up. A silky bomber will elevate your daywear and keep you warm after dark, while a frayed tweed blazer will add a glamourous touch. Discover life outside the denim bubble…Like this? Then you might also be interested in:9 Starter Sunglasses So Cheap You Won't Mind Losing Or Breaking ThemWe Tried On Asos' Best Summer Tops For Big Boobs So You Don't Have To11 Urban Outfitters Pieces To Kickstart Your Summer WardrobeFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Glossy fashion magazines would like us to think that the world is populated by Amazonian beauties with minuscular waists and size zero hips. Sorry, but that’s not the case. This planet is full of women of all different shapes and sizes. So, when we see trends taken from the catwalk to editorials and it’s only shown on the slimmest and tallest of women it gives a distorted view of the clothes. Here to burst that bubble one pin prick at a time we’re going to try on the season’s trickiest trends and show everyone, regardless of how curvaceous or svelte they are can wear whatever the heck they want.This week we’re tackling the sheer trend. You’ve seen it on the catwalks of Valentino, Dior and Molly Goddard as transparent confections, frothy with layers or beaded and embroidered with delicate, whimsical patterns. Admittedly it’s a little scary when you see high-watt stars like Bella Hadid and Beyonce baring it all in ultra-sheer net.  While we’d love to walk around like Rihanna in a transparent dress with only teeny pants on, it's just not doable when you have a 9-5 to think of. With a few tweaks, it’s surprisingly doable regardless of your dress size.ASOS, Polo Top With Bright Contrast Stripe,£16; Primark, Blush Mesh Fluted Sleeve Dress, £10; Primark, High Waist Blue Wash Skinny Jean, £13; Boohoo, Maddie Suedette Skinny Barely There Heels, £22In recent years it’s deeply uncool to look overdone, so when considering the foundations dress down the tulle layer with jeans. A cropped polo will play into the reveal-conceal trend without making you feel too exposed in the daytime.Gap, Modern Crew Tee, £10.47; Reclaimed Vintage, Maxi T-Shirt Dress With sheer Mesh Layer & Ruffle Cami, £26, ASOS; Primark, Silk Pyjama Bottoms, £10; Nike, Air Force 1 Upstep Premium Trainers In Blue Suede, £85Layer up like winter’s coming with a simple white t-shirt and silky track pants. Not only do the understated underthings give off a nonchalant air, but they will create a covetable silhouette under those tiers of ballerina net.ASOS Curve, Camo Shirt With Sequin & Badges, £42; Elvi, Floral Net Dress, £75; Boohoo, Ellie Lace Up Trainer, £15As Grace Victory shows, a well-placed jacket can change the whole vibe of a sheer dress. Take a look to the next level with a contrast fabric, so you can let the print do the talking.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last week we asked you if you’d wear a boob-shelf corset? But before we could even form an opinion a new and equally daring fashion question was posed by record spinning twins Simi and Haze Khadra. Friends with the likes of Kylie Jenner, they book gigs at the coolest record launches, parties and festivals. But, it isn’t just their musical talents they’ve become known for. The pair are certifiable living, breathing fashion icons. Lauded by magazines and photographed wherever they go, the duo are front row regulars who aren’t afraid to experiment with personal style. But, it’s their latest trial-and-error trend test that has us scratching our heads. The twins have taken to layering crop tops so short they barely cover their cleavage over bikini bras and under mini dresses. As they told The Debrief, 'we wear crop tops every day so anything cropped we're here for '. It’s very Romy & Michele and reminds us of the shrug cardigans we wore in 2002.  Not long enough to be considered a t-shirt and too tailored to be deemed an accessory, this piece defies definition.Credit: Instagram @simihazeIf you’re the type of person who gets your chain necklaces in a twist, this trend is not for you. First, you start with a full-coverage bracelet, then you add a sheer illusion net top, next comes a fuzzy scarf-top before the final piece-de-resistance a tangle of chokers.Credit: Instagram @simihazeKeeping it nun-like on top, this sheer red boob-free top has a conservative high neck and long sleeves.Credit: Instagram @simihazeAdding a statement accessory is an easy way to elevate an outfit, but if you’re Simi and Haze this means adding the mother of all neon bombs. For their star-studded birthday party, they wore highlighter bright accessories, including a long sleeve, high neck crop top.Credit: Instagram @simihazeLogo-mania is all over Instagram right now. But, Simi & Haze took it one step further with their three-part co-ords.Credit: Instagram @simihazeThrow caution to the wind and rip up that slogan top so everyone can see just how cute your bra is.Like This? Then you might also be interested in:8 (Non Basic) Ways To Wear Stripes This SummerHow To Wear Head-To-Toe Pink Without Looking Like A Five-Year-Old11 Urban Outfitters Pieces To Kickstart Your Summer WardrobeFollow Lucy On Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by CoachYou never need an excuse to treat yourself to a few new fashion staples, especially when those staples are space themed. Intergalactic, retro styles that draw inspiration from the 1960s are set to be big for 2017, and fashion brand Coach knows this. Currently, we're crushing hard on Coach Space, their limited edition collection that takes a youthful approach to space exploration and features cool-girl varsity detailing...A bright blue, luxury leather satchel screams attitude. And when paired with retro space symbols, including rockets, planets and astronauts, it becomes so much more rebellious.Coach Space is inspired by dreamers, rebels and romantics, so it's fitting that some of their clutch bags have references to space travel. In this bag in particular, we love the out-of-this-world star studs that look just like a constellation.Bring your look back down to earth with an edgy, retro print sweatshirt.A bold blue bag has a relatively subtle nod to the solar theme, as colours normally associated with space fashion trends include red, blue and purple.Vintage motifs on t-shirts ooze '60s space-age chic, and, let's face it, who can resist a T-rex in a spacesuit?Contemporary designs mixed with retro symbols are key in the Coach Space collection. The above bag in particular contrasts crisp white colouring with bold space motifs.You can shop the full Coach Space collection here.Plus, Coach is having a big party at their flagship store on Regent Street on 24th May, where you can see all of the above space staples (plus more!) in real life, and bag yourself some amazing goodies. More info this way!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by CoachIf you needed an excuse to dress up in your stylish spring attire, then we've got one for you: we're teaming up with luxury fashion brand Coach to host a big party to celebrate the release of Coach Space. This limited-edition capsule collection features motifs inspired by rockets, spaceships, astronauts and planets. Basically, it's every cool girl's dream.Taking place on 24th May at Coach House on Regent Street, the party will give all of you fashion-savvy ladies a chance to check out the intergalactic fashion staples on offer. Plus, we'll be coming round with cosmic cocktails, and Grazia's very own Gemma Hayward and Polly Knight will be serving up some individual styling sessions, too!And what's more, the first 100 lucky guests will leave with an amazing goodie bag (the first 25 will get one that includes a £50 Coach shopping voucher!). And if that's not enough, we'll also be hosting a prize giveaway on the night, where you can win a Coach Rogue bag worth £895. So, what are you waiting for? Get the details on how to attend, below!Date: 24th May 2017Time: 7pm – 9pmLocation: Coach House, 206 Regent St, London W1B 5BNPlease email coach@graziamagazine.co.uk with your and your guest's full name (see disclaimer below for terms & conditions).By RSVPing to this event you agree to be updated via e-mail with relevant offers and promotions directly from Coach, Inc. See: www.coach.com/globalprivacy.html. If you do not wish to receive these, please quote “No marketing” in your email.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by CoachIntergalactic, retro themes are taking over the 21st century. With popular TV series like Stranger Things drawing inspiration from the 1960s and fashion brands like Coach releasing other-worldly clothes and accessories, now is the time to jump on the space-themed bandwagon.If you're stuck on where to look for interstellar inspiration, then check out some of our favourite pieces from Coach Space, a new limited-edition capsule collection, below. Plus, see how fashion editor-turned-blogger Lucy Williams from Fashion Me Now has styled them. Trust us, she's a lady who knows an upcoming trend when she see's one, so take cue from her intergalactic styling.A varsity jacket with a constellation design and striking blue colouring screams retro vibes. When paired with a matching bag boasting a printed planet, you’re guaranteed to look instantly space-age ready.Retro varsity detailing on cute and quirky shaped bags are what set this range apart from anything else on the market. In particular, we love the metallic bronze and white colouring of this dainty handbag!Coach’s new bags and tops are inspired by dreamers, rebels and romantics and feature references to space travel. For a chic, yet urban style, copy Lucy's look and tuck one of the slogan Coach sweatshirts into skinny jeans.Love these space-inspired pieces? See what else you can pick up from Coach Space in the gallery below.Apollo Earth Accordion Wallet in Glovetanned LeatherGrazia - Coach commercial shopping gallery2of10Apollo Earth Accordion Wallet in Glovetanned LeatherSpace Embellishment ClutchSpace Patches Accordion Zip WalletEmbossed Rocket Shuttle DinkierSpace Embellishment DinkySpace Patches Saddle Bag 23Space Patches DinkySpace Rexy T-ShirtUnisex NASA T-ShirtUnisex Planet Earth SweatshirtPlus, Coach is having a big party at their flagship store on Regent Street on 24th May, where you can see all of the above space staples (plus more!) in real life, and bag yourself some amazing goodies. More info **Plus, Coach is having a big party at their flagship store on Regent Street on 24th May, where you can see all of the above space staples (plus more!) in real life, and bag yourself some amazing goodies. More info this waythis waythis way!!**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If we had told you five years ago, when Nike was the only acceptable sports brand to be seen dead in (remember?), that you’d be lusting after a pair of Kappa trackies come 2017… you’d think we’d lost our minds, wouldn’t you? But it’s true. The 1990s staple you bought into because of Sporty Spice is back and everyone is wearing them.But let’s go back to the beginning: the Italian sportswear brand, founded in 1967, first made its way to Britain in the 1980s on the back of football teams and fans alike. Instantly recognisable thanks to its logo of a man and woman sitting back-to-back, it then found its fashion feet with the 90s Britpop lot, particularly Blur’s Damon Albarn.Then came Sporty Spice Mel C, whose tracksuit bottom wardrobe was pretty much solely populated by Kappa and adidas three-striped numbers with popper fastenings on the legs. Note: those pop-closure trackies are also this year’s other unlikely comeback kids thanks to Kim Kardashian teaming them with fishnet tights and heels. The antidote to Posh Spice’s little Gucci dresses, Mel C’s signature style was accessible to anyone whose parents were willing to buy them a tracksuit on a weekend visit to JD Sports, and so we all spent the 90s looking like tiny benched footballers.      Kappa’s cool was not to last, though, as its with Matt Lucas’ most famous Little Britain character, Vicky Pollard grew when she adopted the brand’s pink tracksuit jacket as her uniform. It really seemed like the nail in the coffin, killing off any cool-kid sightings of Kappa from 2003 onwards, until 2016 when the label started creeping back on to our fashion radar.First it was that girl from Peckham you follow on Instagram, who was also the quickest to start re-wearing Fila and ellesse like it’s 1998 again. Then Kendall Jenner stepped out in a Juventus F.C. Kappa jacket from back in the day, while Brooklyn Beckham teamed his Kappa trackie top with a Louis Vuitton holdall for a trip to Paris with his mum, perhaps reminding Posh of her former Spice Girls bandmate.And now? Now everyone is on the act. Khloe Kardashian (also a fan of a full adidas tracksuit) has the classic 222 Banda trackie bs in white. Travis Scott wears the black version. And with celeb super stylist Maeve Reilly rocking them to Coachella last month, it’s surely only a matter of time before her clients – including Hailey Baldwin, Justine Skye and Madison Beer – follow suit.Add to that a collaboration with It designer Gosha Rubchinskiy and Kappa is officially cool again – just in time for its 50th birthday. Want in on the action? Shop Kappa online now and get the Gosha Rubchinskiy collab from Dover Street Market.Like this? You might also be interested in…It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs NowIs This The Coolest Italian Label Out There? Sofia Richie Thinks So5 Ways To Wear A Juicy Tracksuit Whether You Want To Look Like Paris Hilton Or NotFollow Jennifer on Instagram @barbiesnapsThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Conspiracy theories are usually a load of bollocks – sorry to break it to you guys, Tupac is dead and people really did land on the moon – but this is one worth taking seriously. Contrary to what you might think, World Wide Wrestling Entertainment (previously known as WWF before the World Wildlife Fund said, ‘hey that’s our name’) is surprisingly stylish. Between the bodysuit’s and statement belts, pro-wrestlers have modern day fashion locked down.WWE v. Chrissy TeigenWWE v. Kylie MinogueWWE v. Pandora SykesWWE v. Sofia RichieWWE v. Jourdan DunnWWE v. Jordyn WoodsWWE v. Kylie JennerWWE v. Little MixWWE v. Kourtney KardashianWWE v. Blac ChynnaWWE v. Kim KardashianLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In this new series, we interview the up-and-coming stars of the modelling world who are using their voices to say something important – whether they are passionate activists for women’s rights or politically active on Instagram – these are girls we want to be friends with and who we want you to follow. Meet the Role Models. Next up, it’s outspoken runway model and clothing designer Leomie Anderson.How did you get into modelling?I was scouted when I was 14 years old. I was coming home from school in South London and I looked a mess. I had red hair, blue mascara, so I looked great. (Laughs). Somebody from Premier came up to me and said ‘Have you ever considered modelling?’ I thought he was a pervert! I just got on the bus like, ‘No, thanks’. The next day he came back and he was like, ‘Can you give your mum our business card?’ Then a few months later, somebody else from Premier came up to me and I was like, ‘Okay, cool, two people from the same agency, maybe this is legit.’ I went in, and the rest is history.You’re not afraid to show your opinions, which is great. Do you think that’s because models nowadays have to be big on social media and share their views on that? Or do you think you would always have been like that?For me personally, I’ve always been like that. When I was at secondary school, I was always the person who was speaking up about issues and I was always trying to change things. I started my very first blog back in 2012, so I’ve been doing social media before. If I have something to say, I’m going to say it. I don’t really care, because I don’t want to hold back how I feel about anything or allow the industry to silence me in any way.Do you feel any responsibility to be a good role model? Honestly, I just started speaking and people started calling me a role model. Whenever I speak on something, my aim really is just to educate people. When I spoke about the make-up situation, I’m not here to call out any designers or make-up artists. It’s all about education for me. [Leomie drew attention to the fact that black models often have to bring their own foundation because the make-up artists don’t have the right ones.] I guess that when I put these things out, people just started calling me a role model. I do think about what I put out there, because I know I have a lot of young fans. I feel like I do have a responsibility towards them, but it doesn’t feel like a burden or anything. I think it should come naturally to everybody. We’re all role models to somebody, regardless of how many followers you have. I think that it is important for us to use our voices for good. Everybody should be passionate about something, so whatever you’re passionate about you should speak about. Some people are passionate about animal rights; some people are just passionate about their own hobbies like art or something like that. I think just always put it out there.How often do you read comments from fans and how often do you interact with followers?All the time. They tweet me everyday, so I guess I can’t really avoid it. I get a lot of emails and direct messages and stuff, people who have read the blog. That’s really interesting to me, to see how it’s actually helped people. All I can do is put it out there, I don’t know who is going to read it or if it will actually help anyone, but it’s still great to see good comments about that. You can connect with anyone, anywhere in the world.You recently spoke at the UN Women for Women talk. How did you get involved with that and what did you talk about?I had worked with the PR who was organising the event a lot doing different projects. He knows that I’m very passionate about speaking about fashion and diversity, so he just invited me to speak. It turned out that it was oversubscribed, which I was actually really overwhelmed about. I hope that I can use that space again to do something like that, it would be great. I just spoke about my experiences and the experiences of other black models in fashion. I spoke generally also about the pressures of the fashion industry, what the fashion industry is kind of going towards right now, and of course I spoke about female empowerment. The message that I really wanted to get across to the audience is that no matter how many followers you have, no matter if it’s one person or five or five hundred, your voice matters. Especially within fashion, you can see people complain about something, or when the consumer has something to say, they keep putting peer pressure on that audience to change their habits.Do you ever worry that diversity on the catwalks is just a headline? Fashion is just a reflection of real life. I feel like right now, because people keep speaking about it and because people care about that, fashion is going to care about that. But the moment other people stop caring about that, fashion stops caring about that. It’s just the way of the world. It’s not just about the fashion industry; the fashion industry is a reflection of real life at the time. When we were going through the recession, fashion was hit really hard. When people were really against size zero models, they introduced new laws. It’s really about the consumer always keeping what they care about at the forefront. That’s what I always say. I think that it will definitely be a trend that’s here to stay, the inclusion of different size models. But then every season can change. The next season, people might care about models with disabilities. It’s going to vary. I think that’s the beauty of fashion as well, it’s a very fluid industry. It can reflect what people care about, that’s what I like about it.What do you think about fashion activism?I think it’s great, but I also feel like some brands are just doing it because it’s the cool thing. Let’s be real, if you’re a huge brand that has huge amounts of money, then all you’re doing is making more money by using fashion activism. I don’t think that’s real in my opinion. People are sending out their products to women who have a high following, just so they can get the message across and make it look like it’s a whole girl band thing. You’re paying these people to do that, instead of doing whole talks, whole debates, a whole campaign based on the issue. You can’t just put a slogan on a t-shirt and expect it to work. In the same way, when I started, I knew that I couldn’t just launch a blog with no visual aspect because I knew it would have no press. I knew I couldn’t just launch a clothing line and have no message behind it. It’s all about using your following and using the fact that, yes, people will buy into your brands but also this is what you have to do. I think it comes hand in hand.What made you decide to start your clothing line (Leomie Anderson the Project the Purpose) which features empowering slogans? The thing that actually made me start was the fact that I wrote a post on my own personal blog and one of my colleagues on Twitter direct messaged me about consent and the pressure put on young girls to be able to say no to situations. When I wrote about that, it went viral. It was picked up by so many different news outlets. I even got to speak on BBC News about it. I realised that actually, when I put something out there, it can get a big response. So I was like, ‘Okay, I need to do more.’ I want Lapp to be an ever-evolving brand that reacts to what’s going on – like, hey, we have Trump now - and I definitely want to get kids off the streets when it comes to what’s going on with women’s rights. And not even just women’s rights, but any marginalized community.How did you come up with the slogans for it? I feel like you just have to pay attention to the climate and see what’s going on and summarise it. I guess we’re just in a generation where it’s 140 characters or less. I had to think of something that was catchy, and I was really inspired by Instagram when the elections were happening. I was in America at the time as well, so I guess I was really inspired by the protesters, the passion and the women that were involved. So yeah, I kind of just went with it.How do you see Lapp evolving now?My dream for Lapp is a) to be able to branch out and have the name already be so synonymous with women’s rights that I can just do branded clothes. So people can be like, ‘Oh, you’re wearing that Lapp jumper’. The blog aspect is always going to be there. I really want to develop the blog, develop a YouTube channel. I want to do workshops and I want to hold TED talks.What do you think are the main issues that you would like to bring attention to?For me personally, everyone is talking about diversity within fashion. But one thing that we also need to look at is the history of fashion in order to know what we’re doing going forward. If you watch James Scully’s ‘The Business of Fashion’ speech, it's about the fact that when he first started out, they were using twenty black girls because they had the most popping bodies at the time. It didn’t matter about race, it didn’t matter about any of that stuff. I personally want to host documentaries on Channel 4 and BBC1, basically exploring the history of fashion. I also want to branch out to talk about how fashion used to operate in the past and how things have changed such as ‘see now, buy now’ which we have seen by now isn’t working. It doesn’t really make sense for certain brands to do ‘see now, buy now’. People don’t really care; they’ll wear it when it comes out. Nobody is really in a rush for that – it’s like if I can get it tonight, I can wear it tomorrow.Do you have any role models, either modelling or non-modelling?Jourdan Dunn. She’s great. To me, she’s probably the only real supermodel of our generation, especially coming from London. I remember her from when she very first started out. She’s very, very down to earth. She hasn’t changed from when she was first starting out and I can appreciate that. And of course, Rihanna. She’s probably more my role model in that I want to emulate her and her business model. I love how she coordinates her brands and how she can take over any industry and it’s genuine. When she designs her clothes, it’s reflective of her. When she appears in movies, it’s still a reflection of her. It’s not ‘Oh, Rihanna’s in another movie’ or ‘Rihanna has another clothing line’ like some celebrities. Hers is very her. She’s got a very strong brand and a very strong sense of self.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The technicolour world of La La Land is an instantly memorable one, and that's in no small part thanks to Mary Zophres' Oscar-nominated costume designs, which bring the classic glamour of director Damien Chazelle's Hollywood inspirations to modern Los Angeles.'We wanted the film to have one foot in the contemporary world and one foot in the nostalgia of Old Hollywood,' says Zophres, whose long-term creative partnership with the Coen Brothers has previously seen her work on projects as diverse as O Brother Where Art Thou and Hail! Caesar. Appropriately enough for a film that's in love with film, to nail this particular aesthetic, plenty of screen time was required. 'Damien had cut together a sort of montage, of small moments from the movies that had inspired him,' she explains, 'so I made a list of what was on that and made sure to watch everything. Damien had specified that there were several pivotal films, three by [French director] Jacques Demy: The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, The Young Girls of Rochefort and Lola. Then there were MGM technicolour musicals, contemporary fashion magazines, even candid shots of people on the street...'From her Old Hollywood reference points to the unexpectedly humble origins of Emma Stone's instantly iconic yellow dress, Mary explains the stories behind some of the films best-loved costumes below...'We had a meeting very early on with Damien where we went through the script page by page, and we decided on the colours for scenes and for costumes during that. We knew that the first dress was going to be blue. La La Land is a contemporary film, so as well as the MGM musicals, I looked at fashion magazines, photos on Flickr, even Facebook albums to pin down what an LA party looks like. Then Damien and I decided to make the parties more stylised: the hilltop party was inspired by Paolo Sorrentino’s The Great Beauty (2014) and by a dance sequence in Sweet Charity (1969). We wanted the film to have one foot in the contemporary world and one foot in the nostalgia of Old Hollywood: it still has a Hollywood feel, just without the plunging necklines you might find today. We found a very simple A-line pattern and ended up making all the dresses from scratch.''I had yellow stuck in my head because I’d been looking at red carpet photos of Emma and there was a red carpet dress by Versace that she’d worn a few years back, in this beautiful canary yellow. That was my evidence to Damien [Chazelle] that Emma could pull off that colour, because not many people do. Knowing what looks good on Emma, I thought geometric lines would work well around her face, which is why we came up with a square neckline then scooped it down at the back. I found a polyester jersey in the right shade at Jo-Ann’s, which is a very inexpensive fabric store in the States, so we made a first dress out of that. It moved beautifully, so then I was like, “Let’s just use this!” Then we ended up painting the print straight onto it: it was inspired by a vintage piece of fabric, with the flowers almost like a Matisse painting. What’s funny is that I was in Jo-Ann’s the other day and they still have it: you can still buy La La Land yellow in the poly-jersey aisle…''The only time that a specific colour is mentioned in the script for Mia is in the planetarium scene, where the directions say that she has a green dress on. That was inspired by a jade green dress that Judy Garland wears in her version of A Star Is Born (1954). When I read the script, I immediately thought of that dress, and when I met with Damien for the first time, it turned out that we were both thinking the same thing. It wasn’t so much the look of the dress as the beautiful colour.  I actually got fan mail from people saying they loved the dress, wanting to know if there were patterns to make it, which makes me so happy. None of us had any idea that the film was going to be as popular as it was: we'd see these incredible sequences, shot all in one and say "This is either going to be the greatest movie, or people will be like, "What were you thinking?""'I already knew both Emma and Ryan [from 2013’s Gangster Squad] which was certainly an advantage: as soon as I started sketching, I knew what would look good on them both. For Ryan's character Sebastian, I was very much inspired by Marc Michel, who is the male lead in Jacques Demy’s Lola (1961). I watched that film again when I was preparing for La La Land and I was really taken by him: he just looked so effortlessly sexy, and I thought, ‘this could be now or it could have been in 1950.’ It’s just a timeless silhouette, and that’s what Damien [Chazelle] could see Sebastian wearing. He’s not the kind of guy who goes around in jeans and a T-shirt; his world is one where you present yourself in a certain way. I’ve been working on Damien’s next movie First Man, which is about Neil Armstrong and the lead up to the first trip to the Moon, with Ryan as Armstrong; it couldn’t be more different to La La Land.''When the film jumps forward five years, the first dress we see Mia in is white with black lace, so things definitely become a little more monochromatic. There’s a maturity there: we wanted her final look to feel a bit more serious and more grown-up, but it was still believable to me that the same character could be wearing [the black halter dress]. I had a photo of Catherine Deneuve in a dark halter dress with a cross strap at the back, and she’s looking over her shoulder. I showed that reference photo to Damien for the ‘Five Years Later’ look and he loved it, too, so we decided that all black would be appropriate there. Mia starts off with colour and that peaks at the planetarium; then when her and Sebastian aren’t seeing each other and the light goes out of their relationship, the movie becomes more monochrome.''In the final epilogue, when they’re thinking ‘What if we stayed together?’ there’s a white dress that Emma wears in the Paris fantasy sequence. The waltz is a very obvious reference to Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire, who made such a brilliant [screen] partnership. There’s a dress that Ginger wears in Swing Time (1936) that just looks so fluid: it specifically has a very 1930s feel to it, but the way the dress moves feels like it has an anti-gravity effect. I was trying to get that same effect with the dress we made for Emma, which is actually my favourite. All the dresses that Mia wears were designed with dance in mind. As we get progressively further into the film, the volume in the skirts gets bigger and bigger: the white dress’s skirt wasn’t just a whole circle, it was a circle and a half.'LA LA LAND is available on Digital Download now  and Blu-ray, Limited Edition Steelbook, 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray & DVD on May 15thREAD MORE: 12 Of The Most Fashionable Films In Cinema HistoryREAD MORE: The Films You Can't Miss In 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Oh Zara, how we love thee!A 'hire me' look for that job interview? The perfect first date outfit? You’ve always got our back. And as any die-hard Zara fan will know, it’s not just their fashion forward ensembles that have our heads in a spin each season.Their website is full of personalised tools to help you hunt for the latest ‘It’ buy before anyone else – from their new sizing section ‘What’s My Size’ and a ‘secret’ tab you probably never knew existed (that is our best friend pre-payday, FYI).And now our high-street hero has answered our fashion prayers, in the form of ‘Dress Time’ – an artfully curated mix of occasion wear for summer. And yes, of course we want everything.Because, y’know finding a stylish wedding guest dress (you actually want to wear again after the big day) or searching for that #OOTD for that garden party in June is no easy feat.Thankfully, 'Dress Time' acts as your personal shopping device for all dilemmas – think Olsen sisters-style printed kimonos, light tunics, chic polka dot jumpsuits and statement art deco earrings (Prayer hands emoji).Though be warned: You will want to spend serious pennies upon discovery. Happy shopping!READ MORE: A Zara Documentary Is In The MakingREAD MORE: Zara Have Added A New Sizing Tool READ MORE: Is This The Most Popular Zara Skirt Of All Time? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Noughties fashion icons. Where does your mind wonder to: Paris Hilton? Sienna Miller circa 2003 (aka, the reason we all wore chunky boho belts, arm cuffs and billowing maxi dresses)? Carrie Bradshaw?Yes, to all the above. But the pop princess who defined the high-low fashion of that decade has to be Britney, of course - whether she was making a case for coloured shades on the red carpet to B and JT’s matching double denim outfits at the 2001 American Music Awards. And the singer was never one to shy away from shock value in her music videos and performances in her heyday. Hello, fancy dress inspo…So Britney Spears fans will be pleased to hear seven of her most iconic costumes are up for auction on eBay – including that bikini and hotpants combo she wore in her ‘Slave 4 U’ music video (python not included!) and a custom-made Atelier Versace dress that Spears wore to the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards.At the time of publishing, the listing on eBay is currently at $99,995.00 (the sellers reserve price has yet to be met at $100,000). The owner says: ‘I've collected theses outfits since 2003 when Britney auctioned them off,’ adding ‘they are all authentic with Authenticity Certificates.’ Bidding ends 12th May, so if you fancy investing in some fashion history, and have a spare £80,000 lying around you can view the listing here.READ MORE: 15 Britney Spears Fashion Moments We’ll Never ForgetREAD MORE: Five Boho Noughties Sienna Looks We’d Totally Wear Today© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...According to models Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid, the less covered up you are, the better. This is the mantra that they're following on their current holiday trip, anyway.In a series of sizzling Instagram pictures, both stars showcased their toned bodies in some skimpy, thong bikinis. Could this be the return of high-rise, revealing bottoms? We think so. Back to Life 🌺🦋❤️A post shared by  Bella (@bellahadid) on May 9, 2017 at 11:03am PDTWhile holidaying in a secret tropical location, Bella posed in a white Brazilian bikini, which featured a 1980s style thong and extremely scooped back design.A post shared by Bella (@bellahadid) on May 9, 2017 at 11:41am PDTMeanwhile, Kendall was pictured wearing an olive thong bikini by Montce, which retails at £107. Just a little sun kissedA post shared by  Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber) on May 9, 2017 at 12:18pm PDTFriend and fellow Instagram star Hailey Baldwin was also on the trip, and posted a snap of herself in a revealing neon pink bikini. These thong-shaped bikinis aim to emphasise curves and create the illusion of a fuller bottom, which may be the reason why so many celebrities and bloggers wear them.Often called 'itsy-bitsy bikinis', the barely-there style associated with this swimwear is reminiscent of the 1980s, which featured high cut designs and thong swimsuits.It's likely that the rise in popularity of this swimwear is partially due to social media, but it could also be down to the fact that a thong bikini just generally makes your derrière look a bit more pert!READ MORE: Zara Have Added A New Sizing Tool READ MORE: Is This The Most Popular Zara Skirt Of All Time? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At just 29, Ashley Graham has gone where no plus size model has been before. Not only has she been on the cover of Vogue, but her landmark cover of Sport’s Illustrated Swimsuit edition was the first to feature a size (US) 14 model. Her Instagram is a source of inspiration where she spreads an anti-photoshop message and shows that cellulite is normal. She’s walked in the Michael Kors show and partied at The Met Gala. Adding to her already extensive CV, she has just published a book.Called A New Model: What Confidence, Beauty and Power Really Look Like, it’s Graham’s first book. Touching on fat-shaming, her youth and her family, it’s said to be a stark insight into the star’s psyche.‘Constant criticism -- that was my dad through and through,’ the model writes, ‘My father was a master of the cutting insult. His nickname for me was, “Duh,” because he didn't think I was very smart.‘The worst I ever felt in my entire career was when, a few years into my career, my dad agreed with my new agent, who said I needed to ‘tighten up.’ … I was sobbing because my dad thought I should lose weight.’So far, there has only been one review on Amazon but it was a five-star endorsement. ‘I pre-ordered this book back in February and received it today. I read it in its entirety in one sitting. There is nothing more refreshing than reading about someone's journey when it is so genuine. Raw, including the successes but not leaving out the non-glamourous parts along the way...Women empowering other women to be their very best no matter what.’ It reads.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Breaking, losing of forgetting to pack sunglasses is the curse of summer. Whatever you do, however hard you try it’s inevitable that your shades won’t make it to autumn. So, why spend big dollar on an accessory with such a short lifespan? With the days getting brighter drop pre-payday pounds on a cheap pair now and then if you really, really like the silhouette upgrade them from the designer copy to the real deal come August. Consider these your starter pair.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Royal Family has an undeniable influence over our spending habits. Remember when Prince George donned a sweet bathrobe to meet Barack Obama? The toddler's athleisure-inspired look sold out within a matter of hours.While sister Princess Charlotte inspired thousands of mums earlier this month, when the sheep-adorned cardigan she wore for her birthday portrait sold out on the John Lewis website.And the royals' sartorial choices mean big money in the fashion industry, as Brand Finance estimated that the 'Kate Middleton Effect' contributes £4.7 billion to the UK economy each year. While Princess Charlotte is expected to  be worth more than £3 billion in the future.But this month, it seems everyone is talking about Pippa Middleton's enviable wardrobe.Set to wed fiancé James Mathews on May 20 at St Mark's in Engelfield, the media has captured her every move since the engagement news. And at every given opportunity, the fash pack has speculated which designer brand she will choose to don on the big day.Rumour has it, Giles Deacon has been chosen for the job after he was spotted leaving her residence with dress bags a few months ago.But regardless of which designer has been given the prestigious responsibility, one thing is certain. The sartorial spotlight is well and truly on Kate's younger sister, Pippa...Just last week, Pippa made a rare public appearance, as she attended the ParaSnowBall Fundraiser. She opted for a floral dress by Erdem for the prestigious event and sure enough, search for the organza gown increased by 101 percent according to fashion giant, Lyst.And in just 36 hours, the floral-embossed dress sold out on the website.Pippa is renowned for keeping a relatively low public profile so when she made her debut appearance following the engagement, the media rushed to capture the moment. And sure enough, the Whistle's Lisa dress she was photographed wearing quickly became the most viewed white dress on Lyst that week.According to the global fashion search engine, search for 'white lace' grew by 54 percent last July and cream hues are still the most popular sales when it comes to lace.When it comes to the Sloane Rangers, tweed is undoubtedly the most donned print. And back in April 2013, Pippa challenged sister Kate in the sartorial stakes. Both sisters donned the cult pattern but Pippa surprisingly won the fashion vote.Pippa's Tory Burch jacket received nine percent more views that Kate's mint Mulberry tweed look. And according to Lyst, search for the Tory Burch jacket continued to increase by 28 percent week on week.Back in August 2015, Pippa was photographed on the beach in a red bikini. Within a mere 72 hours, the two-piece sold out on Lyst. The good news however, is that the Vix Solid Bia Tube Bikini is back in stock for those looking to imitate the look.And with her nuptials on the horizon, we're intrigued to see if Pippa's wedding dress has the same influence on the nation as Kate's lace gown by Sarah Burton.READ MORE: Is This Why Kate Middleton Won't Be Pippa's Bridesmaid?READ MORE: Meghan Markle Will Be In The Congregation At Pippa Middleton's Wedding© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With summer -  almost - in sight, shopping for a new season is a highlight for us at Grazia. Alongside Al fresco lunching and talk of where you will go on holiday in three months’ time. But unless you are planning on vetoing beaches, lidos and lazy afternoons tanning altogether - don’t forget to pack your SPF 50 face cream, folks! - thoughts may have turned to your swimwear of choice. Let’s face it: guys have it pretty easy, simply opting for a pair of (no doubt black) swimming shorts…or speedos if you are so inclined. Swimwear for women? There’s a lot more groundwork involved. Is underwire swimwear a better option? Bikini vs. one-piece? Frills vs. keeping things #basic?And if you’re anything like us, you may have now turned to social media when planning what to pack for your next getaway (sure, you haven't even booked the trip yet). So we decided to get the lowdown on this season’s biggest swimwear trends, according to Pinterest…The classic ‘all in one’ or ‘one piece’ has seen a 675% increase (!) in people saving ideas since the beginning of this year. And our favourite 'affordable luxe' brands are killing it in the cossie game RN – see Reformation, Ganni and Weekday if you don’t believe us. Comfortable, flattering and you can wear underneath your cut off jeans for a cool Gigi Hadid hanging off-duty in St Tropez vibe.The retro nautical beach-side option was the most sought after last year -  thanks to Taylor Swift’s so Instagram-perfect-it-hurts 4th July party with Gigi, Cara and co. So, if you loved Swifty and her squad’s red, white, and blue Solid & Striped swimwear then – you’ll be all over the brand’s updated ‘Anne-Marie’ navy and white option this season. Your #1 essential to nail French Riviera chic.If you’re after a more playful option, Bardot-style swimwear is guarteed to earn you fashion kudos at the pool. Pinterest have noticed a spike in pins with off-shoulder swimwear. To make a sartorial splash this season turn to the ‘It’ label loved by Rihanna and Beyoncé: Lisa Marie Fernandez. Her cult ‘Leandra’ bikini is the crème de la crème of off-shoulder bikinis, which also doubles as a crop top too. Sold.Crochet swimwear has seen a 105% increase in search on Pinterest since the beginning of the year. The uber-colourful material is a hit among the Coachella crowd, and anyone after a suitable ‘70s-style vibe come festival season. Simply layer underneath your favourite denim dungarees or a sheer blouse to embrace your inner ‘boho Sienna Miller’.Need a little help finding the most flattering swimwear style for your shape?Fear not; help is on hand. We’ve got the lowdown on this season’s biggest swimwear trends, and we’ve got a handy guide to matching the perfect style to your body shape below, for you to have a little skim (/swim) before you buy.First up, and this is the most important point, the secret to looking good in swimwear is to feel good in swimwear. So if you’re feeling body confident, skip the rest of this guide and dive straight into our SS17 swimwear edit.And, if you need a little help in the body confidence department, tread water a while longer as we talk you through the most flattering shapes for each body type…Choose a style where the detailing is at the top of the swimsuit, to draw attention to your upper body. There are lots of gorgeous lace-up and halter styles on the market for SS17 that will suit your swimmingly.You can get away with just about any style you so fancy as long as you wear it with confidence (this is true for all shapes and sizes, naturally). Add some feminine flair to your blank canvas body with a frilled top or create curves with cutaways.Accentuate your curves with high-waisted bikini bottoms that nip in at the waist and flatter fuller figures with a cheeky peplum one-piece. Marilyn-esque halter-necks will suit you, too.A classic triangle bikini will look gorgeous on you, as will bold printed one-pieces in racer cuts and slash-back styles.Feeling ready to hit the beach? Shop our swimwear edit, below.Crochet bikinis needn't break the bank, this affordable option from Topshop taps this trend at a wallet friendly price. Crochet bikini, £42, Topshopgrazia swimwear gallery 20172of12Crochet bikinis needn't break the bank, this affordable option from Topshop taps this trend at a wallet friendly price. Crochet bikini, £42, TopshopLooking for a classic option? This bargain striped bikini should do the trick. Striped bikini, £22, H&MWho said red and pink don't go together? Eschew style rules with this bold cossie.  Pink and red knotted swimsuit, £25.99, ZaraA pretty tropical print, perfectly accesorised with a pina colada. Printed one-shoulder swimsuit, £45, & Other StoriesThis palm print one-piece is an Instagrammer's dream. Tropical swimsuit, £55, TopshopCalling all pineapple fans - this 'it' motif is now available in bikini form, and ideal for tropical beach days. Pineapple bikini, £23, MonkiThe dancing lady emoji in bikini form? Yes please. Red frilled bikini, £23.98, New LookShun nautical stripes and embrace an unusual colour palette - we love this blush pink, teal, white and black pattern.  Striped bikini, £160, Solid & StripedGingham needn't be monochrome as this fun technicolour bikini proves. Gingham bikini, £270, Mara HoffmanJust add a pair of oversized cat-eye sunnies for an elegant poolside lounging look. Ruffle one shoulder swimsuit, £445, Lisa Marie FernandezRosie Huntington-Whiteley debuts the hottest swimwear line for M&S - and we want everything. This black option is the perfect all-rounder to take you from beach to bar (just pair with your favourite denim shorts). Gold foil deep plunge swimsuit, £55, M&SSuper flattering? Hugs your body? And that bow? Not cheap, but so worth it. 'Bette' swimsuit, £120, Hunza G READ MORE: Grazia's Ultimate 2017 Swimwear GuideREAD MORE: Is This The 'It' Swimsuit For Summer? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It is now a criminal offence in France for designers and agencies to book an extremely thin model for their catwalk show. Under a new law, which passed days before the country elected a new President, MPs made it illegal for companies to employ undernourished models and fineable for magazines to digitally alter a model’s image without explicating stating it.Everyone with an ounce of sense knows the promotion of extremely thin models in campaigns and on the catwalk is dangerous. Following in the footsteps of India, Israel, Italy and Spain, France has out measures in place to put the well-being of models first. The new rulings will carry hefty fines and even prison sentences in some cases. Anyone using an underweight model in their runway shows or signing them to an agency runs the risk of a maximum six-month prison term and a €75,000 (£55,000) fine. Advertising campaigns that ‘touch up’ models – be it to make them look slimmer or more robust – without notifying the reader will be charged a €37,500 (£31,602) fine or up to 30% of the sums spent on advertising.To determine whether a model is well enough to walk in a fashion show they will are now required to have medical certification. This document, which is valid for two years, will be calculated on more than just the model’s BMI, though this will be a consideration for those over 16-years-old.There has been condemnation for the ruling that applies to digitally retouched images. As the law only applies to advertising, not editorial images, it will alleviate the glossy magazines from being fined for their continual promotion of thinness. Furthermore, this is being seen as just a small add-on to a law first passed eight years ago in France that mandated that brands must be transparent about retouching, which has only had a slight impact.These new measures come just days after France made ‘thinspirational’ pro-anorexia sites illegal. The ruling last Thursday made the glorifying of the eating disorder on the internet a criminal offence that can carry a one-year prison sentence and a fine of €10,000.Like this? Then you may be interested in:Zayn Mailk To Be A Producer On New TV Series About A Fictional BoybandNiall Horan Dropped A New Single And His Fans Got Very EmotionalThere's Going To Be A Play About Harry Styles...Seriously Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some people adore the sun and spend all year looking forward to getting their legs out. Others, not so much. Whether you like it or not, summer is coming and either way, it’s going to resign your winter and spring stapels to the back of your closet. Get in the warm weather mood now with these 11 pieces from Urban Outfitters. Come August you won’t regret it!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by McArthurGlenWith Summer just around the corner, there's no better time than the present to stock up on some pretty dresses to echo the season's romantic mood. When updating your wardrobe, look for pieces like flowing frocks and powder-toned accessories, which fit the season's 'Dress Renaissance' theme.To save you the time of trawling the shops, we've teamed up with McArthurGlen Designer Outlets to tour the UK and share some of our favourite pieces that will help you work this romantic summer trend like a pro. We spotted these garments on our recent trip to the Swindon Centre...French Connection, Was £225, Now £75 at McArthurGlenAs well as helping to create the effect of an hourglass figure, flowing skater skirt dresses are perfect for staying cool in the warm weather.Hobbs, Was £179, Now £120 at McArthurGlenA classic two-tone frock that features universally flattering colours should be a staple in your wardrobe. Opt for one that's smart-casual, so that you can dress it up or down depending on the occasion.Ted Baker, Was £149, Now £89 at McArthurGlenIf you think a summer romance may be on the cards, then maximise your chances of falling in love by wearing a flirty, romantic dress, like this high-neck pink frock.Phase Eight, Was £130, Now £69 at McArthurGlenFlatter your figure with a wrap dress that hugs your body in all of the right places. This style is the perfect combination of figure-hugging at the top, but loose and flowing at the bottom.Kurt Geiger, Was £70, Now £55 at McArthurGlenTie your ethereal ensemble together with a pair of glitzy, metallic heels. Style and sophistication? Check and check!Hobbs, Was £99, Now £49 at McArthurGlenNo Summer evening outfit is complete without a pretty clutch bag, right? Choosing one in a versatile colour, like nude, will ensure that it pairs well with any frock you plan on wearing.See what went down at the McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia  at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet in Swindon above. #fashionreimaginedPlus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Dress Renaissance' selection at McArthurGlen Designer Outlets now. Discover more at the Swindon Designer Outlet, housed within the Grade ii listed building of the former Great Western Railway works, which has over 100 designer and high street brands including Ted Baker, Reiss, Jigsaw, OSPREY LONDON and Kurt Geiger, with up to 60% off. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If it weren’t for Alexa Chung, would we be wearing kick flares and Mary Janes? Would we own mom jeans, dungarees and colourful Breton striped tops? These are the important questions we’ve been asking ourselves as news broke that the presenter-turned-muse will be launching her eponymous label, Alexachung, in just 22 day’s time.Back in July, the fashionable temptress revealed that she was working on her own line. But, intel was sparse. We knew the collection would be a sellout, after all her previous collaborations with Madewell, M&S and AG Jeans were. And, that she as hiring for a multi-lingual Commercial Executive to help launch the ready-to-wear company. The advert also let slip that she’d already secured Selfridges, Matchesfashion.com and Net-A-Porter as stockists. Considering all three are British stores, we started assuming that (unlike her Madewell and AG Jeans collections) this would have a UK-centric launch and, possibly, aesthetic.As Alexa gees up for the launch on the 30th May, her company launched its website and Instagram account, albeit with only 253 followers (at the time we hit publish), today. While we wait for the collection to drop, which is rumoured to be 100-pieces deep – you can watch a short film. Directed by Daniel and Lorin Askill who’ve previously worked with Alexander McQueen, Acne and Dior, the two-minute long clip is an equestrian fantasy. Chung said in a statement it’s a, ‘tongue-in-cheek celebration of the dedication, precision, skill and determination needed to develop and create something aesthetically pleasing, coupled with the feeling that you could spend endless amounts of time trying to create something that means a lot to you, hoping that some might appreciate it. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I guess it’s supposed to be funny.’Fans will no doubt be keen to pick up iconic pieces from Alexa’s wardrobe. Think: patent Mary Janes, kick flare jeans, striped tops, mini skirts and blazers, tea dresses and – of course – a statement bag, like her iconic Mulberry Alexa.  But, after hitting pause multiple times, we're guessing the collection will include white Victoriana blouses, silk button down shirts, jacquard tailoring and jodhpurs. Back when the star first announced her new venture she shed a glimmer of hope that the pieces will actually be affordable. ‘I’m not making something that has got a crazy high price point,’ she told the Business of Fashion. 'I want to make sure it’s something that is speaking to just everyone on the street.’Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Having big boobs can be great - in fact they're more than ideal for catching a rogue crisp before it hits the floor - but when it comes to summer finding super cute boob-friendly tops can be a little tricky. So, I've taken it upon myself (and my 30G's) to browse ASOS.com and prove that they actually do exist. Bring on the sun!ASOS, Off Shoulder Bandeau Crop, £10; ASOS Made In Kenya, High Waisted Culottes In Animal Stripe Print, £40A whole lot of boob doesn't have to mean a whole lot of fabric. Exhibit A… this teeny-tiny crop top which thanks to its elasticated band prevents anything escaping and is perfect for those of us blessed with a chest. Top tip: Go a size up for a little more coverage- this was a 14. Obviously, a strapless top means, yup, you guessed it, a strapless bra which we all know isn't the easiest thing to find for anyone bigger than a D cup but just as an FYI, my life pretty much depends on this trusty number from Curvy Kate.ASOS, Lilac Gingham Check Shirt With Exaggerated Shoulder, £36; ASOS, Rivington High Waisted Denim Jegging in Vinyl Effect, £30Forget an understated 3/4 length, 2017 is the year of sleeve drama. And, this puff-tastic gingham shirt is solid lilac proof. Now I know what you're thinking- that's a lot of extra fabric, but you'll be amazed at just how flattering the proportions are, even with a sizeable pair of melons! So dig out your bright white jeans (or black PVC trousers) and consider yourself spring/summer ready.Monki, Stripe Ruffle Shirt, £30, ASOS; ASOS, Vintage Look Waist and Hip Belt, £6; ASOS, Denim Low Rise Pelmet Skirt in Freesia Mid Stonewash with Raw Hem, £25Just like our oversized friend above, ruffles and frills of any kind are considered to be a no-go when it comes to the not-so-itty-bitty titty committee. But who made those rules anyway? This Monki top is the best thing since sliced bread so don't you dare let those puppies stop you.ASOS, Polo Top with Bright Contrast Stripe, £16; ASOS, Original Mom Jeans in Acid Pastel Pink with Stepped Hems, £35This button-up, cropped polo shirt is proof that big boob babes should be breaking all the rules when it comes to summer dressing. Plus, it is pretty much a match made in heaven for those 10 pairs of trusty mom jeans you already own. So do yourself a favour and button up all the way top, get a bit of tummy out and bask in all your big-bosom-glory.ASOS, Tulle Midi Prom Skirt with Tiers and Tie Waist, £50One thing's for sure, you can never go wrong with a plain crew T, but finding the perfect neckline can be a challenge. It's all about the not too deep, not too loose, not too high-neck balance and luckily this navy number (and it's cute pink trim) ticks all the boxes. Although who's going to be checking out your breasteses with a skirt like this, amirite?ASOS, Premium Satin Sweat Top With Ruffles In Swan Print, £24; ASOS, Denim Original High Waisted Skirt in Orange, £25Fussy pattern, high necks and ruffles - three things that Gok warned us busty babes to stay well clear of. But let me tell you, if we listened to him, we'd be missing out on a whole lot of loveliness. After all, just because Mary-kate and Ashley are completely covered, doesn't mean it's not flattering. Just tuck into your favourite coloured denim mini and you're good to go.Liked this? You might also be interested in:We Tried On The Best Pieces From Asos For Girls With Big BoobsWe Tried On All The Tricky Stuff For Big Boobs On Asos To Prove Everyone WrongHey Brides, We Tried On Dresses That Will Make Bridesmaids Look Cute**Follow Lotte on Instagram @asos_lotte[](https://www.instagram.com/lucyalicemorris/)**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re swiftly approaching the pivotal sartorial point of the year. Come May, it’s too early to start prepping for our annual summer getaway yet with the influx of bank holiday weekends, we’re desperately seeking the sun. That’s right, we’re finally approaching city break season.But with limited bag allowance, how can we possibly pack for every potential Instagram opportunity?Whether you’re planning to explore Copenhagen by bicycle or hoping to catch the rays in colourful Lisbon, we’ve curated the perfect capsule wardrobe. So leave your sartorial dilemmas to us and instead concentrate on sourcing go-to spots ahead of your trip.Trust us, there's no greater investment than a tailored two-piece. And this mustard combo courtesy of Zara is sure to prove a hit with the fashion crowd.Pair the look with box-fresh trainers and you'll be able to cycle through the cobbled streets of Copenhagen to hit up the sights, i.e. & Other Stories. Just before peddling to the local for a nightcap and switching your Nike Cortez for pastel hued mules.The blazer is the most interchangeable piece too of course, as you can team the mustard jacket with a pie-curst collar shirt and jeans in a matter of minutes.We apologise for sounding like your mum, but we will not allow you to book a city break before investing in a brilliant pair of box-fresh trainers. If you fancy sporting athleisure, invest in a pair of Nike Cortez (we recommend the red and white lace-ups).Or if you're visiting Scandinavia, channel the minimalist aesthetic in a pair of Common Projects' cult sneakers. We also just want to namecheck Veja, the vegan brand renowned for creating sustainable trainers the A-list love. We're looking at you, Emma Watson.Whether you're trialling the hot spas of Budapest or taking a dip in Lisbon's waves, you'll need to be kitted out in the best attire. We recommend checking out Reformation's debut line for sixties-inspired high-waisted bikinis and gingham swimsuits Dorothy would approve of.We have our hearts set on A-list approved line, Solid and Striped. Just imagine the above Anne-Marie one-piece accessorised with a wide-brimmed hat and supersized straw bucket bag...Ganni continues to reign the Scandi style stakes and the best way to fit in with the local fashion crowd when visiting the likes of Oslo, Copenhagen and Stockholm, is don the brand's cult tee. Possibly the most Instagrammed t-shirt of all time, the 'Space Cowboy' tee is most certainly garnering a spot in our capsule wardrobe.Simply team with step-hem jeans, backless loafers and a floor-skimming duster. Come evening, don the tee with flares and mules. Easy.Ah, any excuse for the supersized straw bag. Whether you opt for a bucket accessory, straw clutch or Scandi-esque basket, we thoroughly approve. Any raffia-based ensemble gets a thumbs-up from us and just imagine the straw accessory on the crook of your arm...We plan on bagging this number from Mango. Team with frayed white jeans and backless loafers when exploring the city and then trade in your get-up for a one-piece and Birks when tredding the sand.Shop more of Grazia's essentials in the gallery below:Credit: MangoYes, we're well aware that we frequently suggest investing in a trusty basket bag but look how sweet this one is. Head to Mango for the best of straw accessories. Jute Basket Bag, £39.99, MangoCapsule Wardrobe City Break - Grazia2of12Yes, we're well aware that we frequently suggest investing in a trusty basket bag but look how sweet this one is. Head to Mango for the best of straw accessories. Jute Basket Bag, £39.99, MangoThis mustard blazer is at the top of our wish lists this season. Consider it the ultimate transeasonal piece.Mustard Blazer, £59.99, ZaraIf you're going to invest in the mustard blazer why not invest in the entire set? We cannot wait to don the co-ords. Wide Leg Trousers, £39.99, ZaraChannel the Scandi aesthetic with one of Ganni's cult tees. Team the top with step-hem jeans, backless loafers and a blazer for a day-to-night aesthetic.'Space Cowboy' T-Shirt, £45, GanniIf you're going to invest in something, make it your sunglasses. Regardless of the city you choose to visit this summer, there's bound to be a need for chic shades. Céline Black Cat-Eye Sunglasses, £219, Harvey NicholsWe cannot wait to catch the waves in this chic one-piece from A-list favourite, Solid and Striped. Team with Birks, a straw hat and supersized bucket bag.The Anne-Marie Swimsuit, £150, Net-A-PorterWhen packing for a city break, you don't want to take up valuable space with a floor-skimming coat. So, take the opportunity to invest in a cropped biker. You'll thank yourself if rain is unexpectedly forecast. Red Leather Biker Jacket, £275, UterqüeYou can't explore the city by bike without a pair of box-fresh trainers. We recommend checking out Common Projects for the chance to channel the Scandi aesthetic. Tournament Low-Top Leather Trainers, £265, MatchesWe have just found the perfect excuse to invest in a cult accessory, the Gucci belt. Dress up a simple shirt and jeans in one simple step.Gucci Belt, £320, GucciNeous is the shoe brand of the moment and rightfully so. Team these must-have mules with everything from your favourite slip dress come evening to frayed jeans and a shirt boasting supersized sleeves in the daytime.Pointed Toe Mules, £400, BrownsWe're still obsessing over the Weekday x Champion collab. And what better excuse to invest than a city break? Simply layer beneath a biker to keep warm when travelling.Smith Oversized Hood, £95, WeekdayYes, we will happily take any excuse to invest in Mango's latest drop. We'll be rolling this number up into our suitcase, asap. Team with sandals for a casual daytime look and simply swap for mules come evening.Silk Dress, £169.99, MangoREAD MORE: 15 Items To Covet Ahead Of Weekday's London LaunchREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last week Chrissy Teigen said what a lot of us have been thinking: ‘. I just don’t get this whole adults liking unicorns thing.’ We can seee where she's coming from - especially, when there are dinosaurs to consider. For starters, they actually existed. And, secondly, the Jurassic creatures have a kitschy cuteness that’s undeniable. Whether you favour a Diplodocus over a T-Rex, or you’re more a Brachiosaurs kind of girl, this season they’ve all had a catwalk makeover courtesy of Coach and Paul Smith. Let your inner palaeontologist run wild now...Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Preppy! Androgynous! Effortlessly chic! Just a few fashion style notes to takeaway if you’ve ever perused the Alexa Chung archives. She’s been our go-to girl for fashion inspo since the former model popped up on our TV screens in the mid-noughties (RIP Popworld). The skinny jeans? The tux redux? ‘60s-style make-up? Dreamy. So, it perhaps came as little surprise last year when AC - who has previously designed sold out collections for AG Jeans and Madewell - announced plans to launch her very own fashion brand ALEXACHUNG.‘After many seasons of inspiring and eye opening collaborations with some of my favourite brands, I have decided that now is the perfect time to go it alone and establish my very own fashion line,’ Alexa says.‘I have been fortunate enough to have found a wonderful team from various corners of the fashion industry and beyond to help realise my vision and make this lifelong dream a reality,’ she adds. ‘We hope to bring you wearable, cool clothing you can live in and love in, whilst exploring the sartorial relationship between masculinity and femininity, something that has been a cornerstone of my personal style since I was old enough to dress myself.’And ahead of the official brand launch on 30th May, the fashion icon has finally dropped serious hints over what to expect from her new collection – releasing a logo, website (alexachung.com), Instagram account (@alexachungstagram) and short film entitled ‘ALEXACHUNG Dressage’.The film, directed by Grammy-nominated filmmakers and artists Daniel and Lorin Askill, serves as a ‘an homage both to Alexaʼs past and future.’Alexa says: ‘[It’s a tongue in cheek celebration of the dedication, precision, skill and determination needed to develop and create something aesthetically pleasing, coupled with the feeling that you could spend endless amounts of time trying to create something that means a lot to you, hoping that some might appreciate it. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.’Her ‘uniform’ of choice for the vid? Hair ribbon, an equestrian tweed jacket and a ruffle shirt (naturally).ALEXACHUNG will launch globally with an in-season ʻSee now, buy nowʼ reveal on 30th May 2017, taking place in London and live streamed at 8pm BST on 30th May 2017, at www.alexachung.com.Here’s Grazia's pick of the iconic Alexa outfits we’re hoping will make a comeback next year…The first collection of ALEXACHUNG RTW womenswear will retail at select luxury retailers including: Selfridges, Galeries Lafayette, Matches, mytheresa, and SSENSE. The collection will also be available through a new ALEXACHUNG E-commerce platform.READ MORE:Alexa Chung Mocks Boyfriend's Diet On InstagramREAD MORE: Alexa Chung Embraces Her New York Side In AG AW16 Campaign © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's the depth of the Tote that makes it everyday friendly. Whether you're a woman of business (needing space for that iPad), a hands-on mum (needing space for... everything...) or just someone with a whole lotta stuff, the tote is probably your best friend. In fact, forget 'probably'; the tote is totally your best friend (in accessories form, mind).Did you know the term 'tote' dates back to the 17th century? Loosely defined as 'to carry', the word didn't actually find association with handbags until roughly 1900. Even then, it took a fair few years to take on... over 40 to be precise!L.L. Bean Boat and Tote is largely credited for popularising the bag. Made in Maine USA in the 1940s, the original bag was called Bean's Ice Carrier and was sold as a builders' canvas for transporting ice to one's freezer from the car.In the 1960s, American designer Bonnie Cashin designed the 'Cashin Carry Tote' for Coach – a modern design in leather, available in a number of vibrant colours. Produced in tandem with purses, it is believed the Cashin Carry was the first time the bag had been looked at as less 'practical shopping bag' and more 'fashion accessory'.But it wasn't until Hermès chief executive Jean-Louis Dumas sat next to Jane Birkin on a flight in 1984 – to witness the contents of her bag fall out of the overhead locker, and hear her exclaim how hard it was to find a leather bag she actually liked – that the 'Birkin' bag was born.After that, the tote sailed along nicely.Today, it is still known for its practical use – its large size, double handles and open top – but also its designs... Fashion houses from Mulberry to Givenchy, Balenciaga to Loewe, Louis Vuitton to Dior – and many more besides – have all brought out versions over the years, and continue to do so each season.To see our edit of this season's very best totes, CLICK AND BUY through our gallery below...Balenciaga Tote, £1,195 from MATCHESFASHION.COMBest Tote Bags - Grazia2of9Balenciaga Tote, £1,195 from MATCHESFASHION.COMCarvela Dina Tote Bag, £59 from House of FraserLongchamp Tote Bag, £65 from SelfridgesBalenciaga Small Tote, £725 from MATCHESFASHION.COMPebbled Tote Bag, £35.99 from MangoEmbroidered Tote, £39.99 from ZaraSammy Tote Bag, £26 from TopshopLittle Liffner Tote, £300 from Net-a-PorterTote Shopper, £19.99 from H&MREAD MORE: The Best Straw Bags & Basket Bags To Buy NowREAD MORE: The Best Floral Dresses For SS17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When you’re feeling uninspired by your wardrobe, it’s easy to reach for all black, or jeans and a t-shirt. But, with summer coming and an Instagram audience to impress, that’s out of the question. Reach for a rainbow of brights like the girls of the ‘gram and find the hidden pot of treasure (otherwise known as Likes). Yes, red and purple sound like a car crash combination and purple and scarlet sound revolting, but trust us these clashes work. Just see for yourself…Credit: Instagram @patriciamanfieldEverything about this on paper screams no. But, after seeing it on Patricia Manfield, we’re screaming ‘yes, yes, YES’. The magic is in the textural contrast as nothing plays down the sexiest of slinky dresses quite like a long sleeve tee.Credit: Instagram @naomishimadaBreak up a vivid co-ord with a dose of attitude, a bag full of groceries and an oversized army jacket. Case in point: Naomi Shimada.Credit: Instagram @emilsindlevJeans are the detox of trousers, the master cleanser of fashion. Put a bright citrus silk shirt with structured denim and suddenly the unlikely combination of blue and yellow works.Credit: Instagram @amandlastenbergActress Amandla Stenberg bosses this ruffle top with tailored trousers and suede mules. Murky caramel brown and a dusky pink shouldn’t work, but with a shot through of bright fire engine red, they do.Credit: Instagram @sitabellanSita Abellan is no shrinking violet. Instead, she is setting the world on fire in an orange crop top and pink brocade trousers. The trick to mastering this look is always having a matching gelato to hand.Credit: Instagram @pandorasykesPandora Sykes looks good enough to eat in this fruity combination. The liquid sunshine-bright silk is dampened down by her khaki trench coat and thrift store-lite belt.Credit: Instagram @susiebubbleThere is more to lilac and pink that sugar and spice. Yes, it’s ultra girly and has the saccharine effect of a fruit pastille, but they make a sensational combination when tailored into boyish shapes like a skater trouser and tank top. Reference: Susie Lau.Credit: Instagram @mirandamakaroffFussy names aside, yellow and green make an optimistic colour combination. It captures the essence of budding sunflowers and sun-drenched fields on a hot August day.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Swimwear shopping. It’s enough hassle to make us want to give up entirely, and revert back to that bikini we bought five years ago. That, actually, you don’t really like that much anymore. But still. Though if this season should teach you anything when planning your holiday wardrobe, it’s that there is a new beach-side option for everyone.The cossie is cool again (thanks to the Insta-set going mad over Ganni and Hunza G’s fun and flattering options). Stripes, frills and gingham are #trending on social media. And there’s a roster of new cult brands to get on your radar too, if you’re bored of your usual high-street suspects.But for those who are simply after a chic, red swimsuit a la Mickey in ‘Love’ or a no-fuss, block colour bikini? You are in luck my friend. As Weekday just dropped the most stylish, affordable (prices start at £8) and eco-friendly swim collection (the collection is made from recycled waste materials).‘It feels great to be able to give our customers such a nice looking and versatile collection, made from low-impact materials,’ says Louise Lasson, Creative Director at Weekday. ‘This season sharp simplicity meets sporty elements, giving way to refined details such as ultra-thin straps, fine ribbing and cleans lines as well as sporty details such as high-neck lines, thick straps, raw elastic bands and buckles.‘A vibrant colour palette of yellow, red, pink, tan and blackencourages a mix-and-match approach,’ she says. ‘Creating a range of options that are both modern and flattering.’Here’s Grazia’s edit of the Scandi-style swimwear items to snap up now – that actually seem too cool for the pool…Nola swimsuit, £20, Weekday Weekday Eco-friendly swimwear - Grazia 2of8Nola swimsuit, £20, Weekday Latitude swim top, £12, WeekdayPangea swimsuit, £20, WeekdayJackie swimsuit, £30, WeekdayDay swimsuit, £20, WeekdayBlack atlas swimsuit, £20, Weekday Latitude swim top, £12, WeekdayAtlantis swimsuit, £20, WeekdayREAD MORE: Grazia's Ultimate Swimwear Guide READ MORE: The A-List Approved Swimwear Brands To Know © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...On the surface of it, Kim Kardashian has a unique sense of style. Who else would put cycling shorts and a lace corset together? But, dig a little deeper and fall down a Pinterest hole (like I did) and you’ll notice she’s lifted it straight from The Material Girl’s playbook. It’s almost ludicrous how close Kim’s style is to Madonna’s 1980s and early ‘90s wardrobe. Maybe the international cover star has listened to Vogue one too many times, or maybe her styling team have secretly been harbouring a Madge-themed mood board, but either way, these two are style sisters separated at birth.Both like to play hide and seek with peak a boo white lace corseting while wearing multiple layers of necklaces. Coincidence, we think not….The idea of wearing cycling shorts as trousers make most people shudder, but not Kim or Madge. The pair favour their skin tight trews with corseting, obviously.Though Kim is the current reigning queen of the bodysuit, she is invariably indebted to Madonna who put the conical bra one-piece on the map.Wearing the racy combination of a sheer organza trench and a bra top is all the proof we need of their shared wardrobe.Though Kim’s a self-proclaimed Christian and Madge has been disowned by the church, their accessories have found common ground.White slip dress with dangerously high slits – c’mon Kim, this game of snap is too easy!Ok, so we’ve established both these ladies like cycling shorts, but their love affair with va va voom bodycon really knows no bounds.Lesson: board shorts aren’t just for surfers. When tailored out of pale denim and worn with a matching jacket, board shorts become intrinsic to Madonna and Kim’s summer in the city wardrobes.Everyone knows Madonna is an exercise freak (in a good way) and that Kim is never far from the gym either, so it’s no surprise both ladies love a striped trackpant.What’s black and white and covered in pinstripes? Madonna and Kim, of course. Madonna wore a revealing pinstriped pinafore on Jean Paul Gaultier’s autumn/winter 1992 catwalk. Kim wore a-symmetric pinstriped pinafore dress for dinner earlier this year. However, the reality star kept her boobs under wraps. Same, but different.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some commentators have suggested a battle of the luxury brands is brewing, after Dolce & Gabbana’s designer took to social media to note Chanel’s ‘interesting’ similar shoe design.Stefano Gabbana highlighted a lookalike comparison between a D&G shoe in 2014 with a style that debuted at Chanel’s ‘La Modernité de l’Antiquité’ Cruise show yesterday.While no official statement has been made from either party, Stefano Gabbana, one-half of the design duo, re-posted a snap from Who Did It First on his personal Instagram.The fancy footwear in question? Both brand’s were clearly inspired by ancient Greece – endorsing heels shaped like Ionic columns.Gabanna did sign off his caption with a heart emoji though. So, it could just be harmless fash-un fun after all…READ MORE: Kate Moss's 14 Year Old Daughter Lands Her First Modelling CampaignREAD MORE: Dolce & Gabbana Casts Non-Models To Walk In Its AW17 Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In this new series, we interview the up-and-coming stars of the modelling world who are using their voices to say something important – whether they are passionate activists for women’s rights or politically active on Instagram – these are girls we want to be friends with and who we want you to follow. Meet the Role Models. First up, it’s plus-size model Naomi Shimada**_._**How long have you been modelling? I’ve been modelling for over ten years, but for the last six years of it I’ve been working the rounds of what they call in the industry the ‘plus-size world’. In my early twenties, my body just changed and there was nothing I could do to stop it. I really did try everything, every diet, every specialist. When you pay your rent depending on how thin you’re staying, that’s how you put food on the table. It’s a very unhealthy association. That sense of desperation becomes so real, so I don’t miss that feeling. I signed to a plus size agency, and since then I’ve been busier than ever.When did you decide that enough was enough?I took a break for a while, I didn’t even know that being a plus-size model was a career option for me. Being on camera was something that has come naturally to me for most of my life; it’s something I actually love to do. I felt so frustrated as a young woman to watch any movie or TV show and literally everybody was the same size. I was like ‘Wait, how can you be so accomplished and have an array of talents, but if you don’t fit this same measure, that’s it?’ It just started to not make sense to me, how there were no other young women to look at or to see in the public eye that were just dressing how they want to dress and not being put in some smock top and jeggings, you know? Why isn’t there more choice? I feel like I became political without meaning to become political – it was accidental. People started looking to me and telling me how refreshing it was to see someone that dressed how they wanted to dress instead of hiding their body. I’m young, I don’t want to hide in big t-shirts.Did you have any plus-size models that you looked up to at the time? At the time, this was kind of Crystal Renn era, before she lost all the weight. She was really crossing boundaries doing really big editorials, walking for really high fashion houses, doing all these things that even now still haven’t actually happened.What do you think of the term plus-size?It doesn’t bother me. Because I’m in the industry, I understand that it’s being used as an industry term. I think people get upset when girls who are size 12 are being referred to as plus-size, because it’s obviously a normal size. It’s just plus compared to size two. At least I’m in the industry and I’ve seen it for what it is, but I also think that therein lies the problem on the high street, where clothing sizes are cut two sizes smaller than they are in real life. I’m lucky that I at least have a job where I have levelheadedness and it doesn’t affect me. There’s a whole chain of problematic things, because the shop assistant was like ‘well, you can just go shop in the plus-size section downstairs’. I was like, ‘I don’t have a problem with that terminology, but you say you sell my size and you’re not selling my size.’ That’s a different story. There’s been so much uproar when people on the internet refer to me as one thing or the other. I’m just normal – as a size 14 person, especially in England, that’s the most average size. That’s the reason why I can never find my size because it’s always selling out. I think it’s complicated, but I also feel frustrated that the world always feels like they need to put labels on everything.This season, there’s been a lot more diversity on the catwalks. Do you ever think that it’s a bit of a gimmick? There was Christian Siriano in New York, who at least is out there trying to do something. But they always put the girls in that one same dress. I feel like we could be pushing more boundaries. Why do we just have to settle for that? I think it’s really important for people to make statements at the moment.What do you think of the whole fashion activism thing?It should be happening. The world is burning. It’s not that I don’t think it should be trendy, but I think it’s important to be trending, if you can distinguish the difference. People do look at these things, the world is watching, but I think that there are different ways to do it - every fragrance commercial right now is white girls protesting. Am I the only person that thinks this is really in bad taste? Like you’re making protesting this fashionable thing, but you’re making no commitment to what this is about and you’re making money off it, commercialising something so ingrained. To me, when it comes to that kind of stuff I don’t think it's cool. I think there’s a social responsibility. If you’re going to do that, do something with it, really work on the casting. [Editor’s note: turns out Naomi totally predicted the whole Kendall/Pepsi gate.]You’re in the new Nike campaign. What did you think about it? Do you think that it’s a good idea that they’re doing it?For sure. I feel like it’s taken ages. Why have they marketed exercising for people who already exercise? Exercise is the one thing that we can actually all have access to – rich or poor, you can run in the street. I feel like the fitness industry as a whole has always shamed women into exercising, like ‘you should probably go for a run because you’re fat’ or ‘it’s summer soon, you should probably get back to the gym’. Instead, they should be like ‘it’s really good for your head’ or ‘it’s really good to sweat’. Honestly, before Nike, I didn’t exercise for years. My association with exercise was me having to be super thin and was just a reminder of a really bad time in my life. Now that I exercise all the time, I just couldn’t live without it. You have a bad day and it’s alright, because you can sweat it out and feel better. So that’s what we should be encouraging, because then everything else happens. I especially think that you don’t really lose weight when you think about it all the time. I don’t really lose weight from exercising, but all the other benefits are so much more important to me.What do you think about the power of social media to influence people as a role model?Instagram has given a powerful platform to people to be themselves, but the thing is that people aren’t being themselves. I think authenticity within social media is important. People can really see through that. I have so many girls writing to me on a daily basis and I often think that I haven’t really done anything to warrant this. At the same time, it shows how much they are starved of authenticity.How does your work as a film-making tie in with your modelling? Everything goes hand in hand. I can’t take away that power of the visibility of modelling either, it’s what’s given me the platform to do all these things. I hope to do a range of different kinds of work and it all kind of come together and embrace the same ethics and ethos. I’m in a research stage now of a new film project and I’m starting to pitch stuff. It’s a whole new learning curve for me too, so it’s scary and exciting for me. It works so differently. I feel like it’s me learning everything new, learning to get up and sit at a computer and take notes.READ MORE: Why You Need To Follow This Instagram AccountREAD MORE: 8 Female Activists You Need To Follow This Year© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bright colours? For spring? Ground breaking (adopts Miranda Priestley’s not-so-dulcet tones). Well, actually yes, it is.The SS17 runway was essentially the fashion world’s ‘F’ you to the latest dark headline filling up our news feed in 2017. Otherwise known as ‘Dopamine Dressing’. Think sunny-side up slip dresses, cobalt blue co-ords and about 50 shades of pink. And you just have to look to the high-street giants to know that happy-go-lucky fashion is more popular than it’s ever been before.But can dressing in La La Land yellow really make you happier? If you’re an extrovert will you be drawn to certain tones? Are there colours to feel more confident or job interview appropriate? Apparently so. From Marni blue to Roksanda red, we called on Dr Carolyn Mair, Reader in Psychology at London College of Fashion (UAL), to decode what certain colours says about us.‘Fashion is about people and perception,’ Carolyn tells Grazia. ‘There are some studies that say that wearing a particular colour can alter your mood. Though how we perceive a colour depends on our experience, our expectations and the knowledge that we bring to it. And, in addition, the symbolic meaning a particular colour has.’ A personal palette? Yes, it’s a thing…‘Mellow yellow!’ ‘Go-bananas clothes!’ ‘Lemon dressing!’ Just a few sartorial sentiments prevailing for summer. Because, whether you like it or not, yellow – from mustard to neon bright – was an undeniable hit among designers at Fashion Week (alongside Zara et al) this season. Can injecting some zest into your wardrobe act as a brain food though? ‘If we believe wearing yellow makes us happy. Then it really does have an influence on us,’ Carolyn says. ‘The associations we have with yellow – like a lovely sunny day and buttercups – can evoke an emotional and behavioural response.’Hearts on ruby gowns at Valentino? Christian Dior’s scarlet ballerina-style dresses? If love, romance and (whisper it) sex was a colour, red would first spring to mind. ‘Research in the past has shown that when women (and men) wear red they are rated as more attractive,’ according to Carolyn. ‘And found that just wearing red can make you feel more sexy.’Feeling extra special (and why shouldn’t you every day, really)? Purple is your ‘Princess Potion’ if you will. ‘It is associated with luxury and jewels,’ Carolyn reveals. ‘It doesn't appear to be a colour that people wear everyday – people notice it more. If you wore tan or black, for example, you’re more inconspicuous.’Cobalt blue. Aqua. Lapis. If you’re not in the navy, there is sure to be a blue for you on offer this season. Promise. The best time to wear the sea shade? For a job interview or that meeting with your boss to gently make he/she aware you are so totally ready for a pay rise. ‘Blue is associated with confidence and loyalty,’ Carolyn says. ‘And there’s research that shows that wearing red for an interview is a no-no – I think it’s probably just too in your face.’AKA, fashion’s coolest clash and your ultimate ‘look at me, no really, please look at me’ colour pairing. ‘Red and pink is very striking and some colours almost have a reverberation when you put them together,’ Carolyn tells us. ‘So you still see those colours but in reverse because those bright colours kind of burn onto the retina. It’s the same with purple and orange.’In need of a pick-me-up buy for your summer break? Here's Grazia's edit of the most colourful items to covet RN, from yellow trousers to ruby woo dresses...Ruffle tweed jacket, £69.99, MangoColours SS17 shopping gallery - Grazia 2of13Ruffle tweed jacket, £69.99, MangoYellow frill dress, £69, & Other StoriesStriped off-shoulder blouse, £29.99, MangoCropped jacket, £65, TopshopElisabet dress, £45, Weekday Midi slip dress, £36, TopshopSatin maxi dress, £970, Attico Red swimsuit, £20, Weekday Red suede jacket, £1400, kingandtuckfield.com Yellow slides, £19.99, Zara Yellow suede trousers, £190, orlakiely.com Double breasted jacket, £69.99, Zara Red dress, £595, motherofpearl.co.uk READ MORE: Is This The 'It' Swimsuit Of The Summer? READ MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels To Fall In Love With This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It wouldn’t be long before Kate Moss’s lookalike daughter would fly the flag as a supermodel in the making.At just 13-years-old Lila Grace bagged a gig most fashionistas dream of their entire careers – appearing on the cover for Vogue Italia. Opposite her mum, of course (side note: the black and white high-fashion family portrait was actually shot by Kate’s ex-boyfriend Mario Sorrenti...Who she dated in the early ‘90s).A year later, and Mini Moss has landed her first modelling campaign, as the new face of The Braid Bar.The 14-year-old appears in the SS17 ad, rocking rainbow braids, a glimpse train-track braces and a double ear-piecing. Basically, cooler than we ever looked at the age.The stylish teen was also joined by another celebrity offspring – pal Stella Jones, daughter of The Clash musician Mick Jones.Though Lila Grace Moss appears less than interested in taking style tips from her parents (her father is editor and Dazed Media co-founder Jefferson Hack).'She thinks me and her mum are deeply uncool,' Jefferson admitted to the Sunday Times Magazine. ‘She keeps me real.’READ MORE: Kate Moss’s 13-year-old Daughter Lands First Magazine Cover (With Mum)READ MORE: Meet Elfie Reigate, The Kate Moss Agency’s First Model Signing© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While it may seem trite to say ‘Audrey Hepburn is my style icon’, the enduring impact Hollywood’s most beloved ingénue has had on popular culture is undeniable. Her roles in cinema classics from Breakfast at Tiffany’s and Roman Holiday to Funny Face delighting audiences with her incomparable sartorial joie de vivre.Who doesn't love AH, really? Rememember when Kendall Jenner said if anyone could play her in a film - if it were possible - she would choose Hepburn: (‘she was so chic and talented.’).So, in honour of the movie star's birthday on May 4th (on what would have been her 88th birthday), here’s nine style rules from Audrey Hepburn to live by. That will never go out of fashion…For those on the hunt for a capsule wardrobe for a city break this summer, think 1950s midi skirt and blouse combo a la Audrey in Roman Holiday.A classic striped shirt? We'd be lost without you, all year round.Stylish and hides ‘night before’ hair? What’s not to love. And this season you can’t ignore the plethora of head candy on offer – baker boys, berets, straw hats…we could go on.Yes, we want every single item Hepburn wore in 1957 Funny Face (essentially a film in love with fashion), but that red dress and organza shawl designed by longtime collaborator Hubert de Givenchy is perhaps the most memorable (Of Givenchy she said: ‘His are the only clothes in which I am myself. He is far more than a couturier, he is a creator of personality’).If there was ever a person to persuade as to jump on the red trend band wagon…Polo-neck + skinny trousers + brogues = movie star off-duty meets Parisian fashion editor vibes.Suit up, baby! Power dressing is never not a good idea.Summer is the time to make a spec-tacle of oneself, darlings.Keep your WardROBE in check at all times (is it time to invest in a chic kimono-style dressing gown? Hmm.)Buy now, wear forever.READ MORE: 6 Times Kendall Jenner Channelled Audrey Hepburn READ MORE: The 'It' Sunglasses Everyone Is Wearing This Summer © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve had under-boob, side-boob and full-on flashing – thanks to Anthony Vaccarello’s nipple pasty-strewn debut for YSL – but is it time for the boob backlash? Modest dressing is on the rise; an antidote to the second-skin style of the Kardashians, perhaps, or proof that we all need a little cocooning in these fractious times.Modest style (think long sleeves and below-the-knee hems, high necklines and opaque fabrics) has always been the defining style of the Middle East, of course, but now it’s catching on in the UK – and with anincreasingly secular, fashion-forward customer.Take Sienna Miller, who rocked a pair of short-shorts and a strappy vest with the best ofthem back in the day. Now, though, she prefers ‘do not fancy me clothes… The less flesh I can possibly show, the better,’ she told WWD.And she’s not the only one. In February, the capital hosted the first London Modest FashionWeek at the Saatchi Gallery, where over 40 designers showed collections that were as vibrant as they were covered-up.And a new website, The Modist, aims to revolutionise ideas of modesty with its thoughtful selection of high-fashion brands. Filled with inspirational photo shoots and covetable click-to-buy designer pieces from the likes of Christopher Kane, Preen by Thornton Bregazzi and Marni, the site is anything but frumpy.‘It’s a misconception that modesty is dowdy and far from fashionable,’ says CEO and founder Ghizlan Guenez, the ultimate poster woman for this movement, who explains that signing up the 70 or so designers for launch often took some educating. ‘We’ve had to share our knowledge of the woman, and of whatdressing modestly looks like,’ says Guenez. ‘Many a time this changed their perceptions.’Cannily, Guenez has avoided defining modesty too strictly, all the better to speak to more women, and she’s been overwhelmed by the positive reception. The site’s biggest market is the Middle East, but the US and UK are already second and third respectively.‘The most gratifying thing has been the response of women from different faiths, cultures and age groups embracing The Modist. It’s a validation of our thinking that modesty transcends a particular religion or culture that is truly universal.’As well as long sleeves and hemlines, the site showcases layered looks, which allow the wearer’s personality to shine through. London Fashion Week favourite Preen fits effortlessly into the mix.‘Clients have always found our style to be flattering, and enabled them to layer pieces regardless of body type and modesty. Our shapes have an effortless style that works so well in this market,’ say the designer duo.As UKIP announced a burka ban that demonstrates just how much ignorance remains about modest dress, Guenez should be applauded for moving the conversation on with style.READ MORE: 15 Items To Covet Ahead Of Weekday's London LaunchREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Acne Studios addicts know that in a quiet corner of Stockholm lurks an unassuming shop that sells the cult label at a huge markdown. While it’s lovingly called Acne Archives, for all intents and purposes it’s a discount store where old stock is sold at slashed prices. For those that haven’t made the journey to Sweden, this shopping mecca has remained the stuff of legends. Stories of affordable denim and leather jackets for the price of a Topshop dress have filtered through fashion’s Chinese whispers. But, today we can say they weren’t lying, as for a limited time only – read: 48 hours – Acne Archives has headed online. The sale, which launched this morning and runs until the 5th May, features show pieces, exclusive items and some of the label’s heritage styles at an attractive 75% off. Bargain hunter tip: shop the men’s section as the discounts are greater and just style out the larger sizes like you’re Rihanna wearing Vetements. Here are our top five pieces from the sale:Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fact: Rei Kawakubo is the most uncompromising designer in the world. The most inscrutable. The most influential. Often the most controversial. And certainly the most revered. Other designers have called her the Mother of Fashion Creation – for her visionary catwalks that show no clothes, her staggering business brain that has allowed her to helm a $280 million business and for her vision and support of so many of today’s breakout stars.To that end, in a major acknowledgement of her art, Kawakubo, 74, has allowed herself to become the latest subject of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York – the reality of which is mind-blowing on many levels. First, she is a living designer, a rarity, since the last and only living designer to be recognised by the Museum was Yves Saint Laurent in 1983. She is enigmatic to the core – trying to imagine her Sphinx-like tininess on the red carpet at this week’s Met Gala, blitzed by paparazzi, dressed in her signature black leather jacket, white shirt and full skirt, is to picture a woman distinctly out of her element. And not least, the exhibition itself – Rei Kawakubo/ Comme des Garçons: Art Of The In-Between – is, by its very nature, a retrospective, looking back at much of her life’s work, and Kawakubo is all about looking forward and her endless, self-enforced search for the new. ‘If she could’ve done the show herself she would have only shown the last seven collections, but eventually she accepted the fact that everyone wants to see the old things. I convinced her by saying if you don’t do it yourself, it won’t be the way you want it done,’ explains Adrian Joffe, president of Comme des Garçons and Kawakubo-san’s husband of 25 years.Adrian is the closest one ever gets to Rei – it is always through him that Rei speaks. They first met in Paris in 1987. He, a zen Buddhist who’d studied Japanese and Tibetan languages at SOAS (London’s School of Oriental and African Studies), had been asked by a mutual friend to come to Paris to translate for her. She, having set up her business, Comme des Garçons, in Tokyo in 1969 and already known as fashion’s most provocative rebel, having stormed the Paris fashion establishment in 1981 (‘when people said she was mad and wanted to lock her up’), was in search of a new commercial director and offered Adrian the job. Little is known of their personal life together, but today he tells me they married in 1992, in a town hall in Paris’s third arrondissement. ‘She wore a white poplin shirt and a lovely black frilly organza skirt,’ he smiles. ‘We had a nice lunch at the Palais Royale and went back to work – it was the time of the collection – and then we had a little party in the Ritz, because it’s opposite work, and all the staff came and that was it.’'Anarchy is not something she likes at all; Comme des Garçons may look anarchical, but she [has always been] a rebel with a cause.’We are sitting in a bright white conference room in Comme HQ on London’s Charles II Street, a stone’s lob from the company’s Dover Street Market store on Haymarket. I’ve come to Adrian, 64 – dressed in black beanie hat, leather jacket, jeans and pointy heavy-soled Dr Martens – to help me fathom the unfathomable. Why fashion is so enthralled with Comme des Garçons. Why Rei is fashion’s biggest deal. ‘These are the questions we never feel comfortable answering, that’s for others to decide, we’ve never been good at blowing our own trumpet,’ says Adrian, typically. Allow me to attempt to explain, then: it starts with the electricity-charged shows in Paris that, despite thousands of requests, this season in particular, only ever seat 300 (‘a total nightmare’, he smiles). In fact, they are less fashion show, more powerful performance art where it is not unusual to see even the most hardened journalist swiftly brush away a tear. Whether that is because we are so rarely given the chance to think beyond the blah blah of silhouettes, the wearability of this and practicality of that, or whether it’s the joy of seeing the live event, a moment of pure creativity – evocative, emotional and often, to me at least, threaded with sadness – that cannot ever really be reproduced over the internet or an Instagram post, it’s a treat to be expected to rise to the conundrum. Especially because Kawakubo’s collections are so hugely open to interpretation: for the last eight seasons, she has given up on showing actual clothes – with functioning armholes, trouser legs and so on – and instead sculpts pieces that only vaguely resemble clothing, but on a supersized scale. Inevitably, there’s a message behind the gigantic brown paper cocoon, padded cages, shapes as  at as pancakes and what may or may not be a bride wrapped in white with her hands knotted together. But the only clue we’re given is a head-scratchingly opaque word or phrase delivered by Adrian – ‘the void is important’, say, ‘invisible clothes’ or ‘the future of silhouette’ – and off we’re all sent to try to figure it out.So how does fashion’s Einstein deal with the pressure of the twice-yearly show schedule and, as Adrian puts it, ‘finding those empty spaces in her head to have a totally new idea that doesn’t come from anywhere. It’s constant, every waking moment, every night, every sleeping hour for all I know. Inspiration can come at any time – on the train, bus, crossing the road – daily life. It could be a crushed up paper in the waste basket, a window frame; it doesn’t come from obvious places, it’s like random electricity.’ The poignancy of all this is that she is never satisfied with the result. ‘She sets her standards so high, when she’s struggling, going through hell for another collection, you know, I see it very close, and she thinks she can’t do it, she always wants to cancel the day before the show: it’s never right, never good, and I’ve asked her, “Why do you feel the need to reinvent the wheel every single time?” And she says it can’t be any other way.’ She is, he agrees, full of contradictions. ‘When she founded her company 48 years ago, it was because of a desire to be free and independent of the system. She saw how Japan was; she’d lived through the occupation and yet today, she is not free at all. Without those restraints, the six monthly cycle of shows, she’s afraid she wouldn’t be able to do it, she needs those rules, that torture.’According to Adrian, the only time she was ever happy with a collection was, arguably, her most controversial – spring/summer 1997’s Body Meets Dress, Dress Meets Body, otherwise known as her ‘lumps and bumps’ collection, in which dresses clung to bodies in a series of Quasimodo-like mounds. ‘The reaction was exactly what she expected and she was thrilled with the terrible reviews! As much as the amazing ones.’ So, whose judgement does she fear most, I ask him, the audience’s or her own? ‘She is her biggest critic,’ he says.On the face of it, Comme des Garçons is the most bafflingly avant-garde fashion in the world. But what resembles anarchy from the outside is, in fact, a beautifully balanced business, accessible to all – as our shoot here demonstrates, from wallets, perfume and sneakers, to the supremely wearable mini collections. There are 17 lines in all. Looking at all her unwearable oddities, you might be surprised to see their spirit reinterpreted in such simple garments, and to learn that they actually sell – very well. CDG Group’s net turnover stands at $280m.‘Anarchy is not something she likes at all; Comme des Garçons may look anarchical, but she [has always been] a rebel with a cause.’ It’s like a train, he explains, the engine is the ‘pure creation’ (the show collection) that pulls the rest of the carriages behind. Entirely self-funded and self-governed, the business has always been as vital and uncompromising as the creation, inextricably linked and embedded in the company’s DNA. Be it the 120 Comme stores worldwide, the Dover Street Market superstores (there will be five come July) or the agile Black Market pop-up shop that’s about to open in Tokyo – all of which house fashion’s most creative designers, who perceive Rei Kawakubo as not just the Mother of Fashion Creation, but as having the ultimate business template. ‘There’s just one strong, unwavering all-seeing eye that goes through everything. That, for me, is the secret of its uniqueness and its success,’ says Adrian, adding somewhat unnecessarily with a smile, ‘you know, she really is the epitome of a control freak.’He tells me she lives two minutes from work. Her apartment in Tokyo is the only thing she owns; a sparse white space because ‘she doesn’t like to own anything’, and she collects no art ‘because if she owns it other people won’t be able to enjoy it’. She walks to work and arrives every morning at 7am, then reads the daily reports from her stores in Japan – all 37 of them. In faxed form (‘she doesn’t encourage personal emails in the workplace’), they telegraph their results, but more importantly, let her know who came in and what they said – she replies to each one personally because, as she tells Adrian, ‘they expect it’.And so back to the Met – the timing of which could not feel more relevant: the must-see exhibition (with attendance figures expected to surpass that of McQueen’s Savage Beauty) promises to be a thunderbolt of raw anti-establishment creativity at one of America’s most prestigious museums in a year when Trump and right wing conservatism came to power. And could it be that this is her swansong, I venture? Will she – I hesitate – ever retire? ‘It’s a very big subject between us,’ says Adrian carefully, ‘I can’t imagine anyone else designing Comme des Garçons, it’s inconceivable. She can’t imagine retiring, but it’s inevitable, she’s not immortal! As Rei likes to say, she’s a very normal human being – everybody laughs when she says this, of course. But she insists she is very ordinary.’READ MORE: Met Gala 2017: The Best Dressed List© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For those looking for summer dress inspiration - because you can never have enough, right? And it being the beginning of May and everything – we suggest you take 5 minutes out to peruse every #GanniGirl on Instagram.The (‘affordable luxe’) Copenhagen-based label - that boasts A-list clientele from Gigi Hadid to Alicia Vikander – never fails to bring the goods come rain or shine.Boho-style maxis? ‘It’ slogan tees of the moment (we have amassed quite the collection already at Grazia HQ). And they’re miles ahead of everyone else in the swimsuit wars.Their latest offering? An exclusive capsule collection with Net-a-Porter entitled ‘Stop and Smell the Roses’. The 12-piece offering - launching the 8th May – features previous sell out Ganni hit styles - think graphic silk peony prints, pink lace bodysuits and, naturally, a very Scandi-cool white tee (with prices ranging from £70 - £595).Flo Campbell, Buyer at Net-a-Porter says: ‘Having launched the label last season with huge success, we are extremely excited to collaborate with Ganni on this exclusive collection which encapsulates the Ganni girl’s unique sense of style, and is perfectly suited to the coming summer months.’Grazia reveals every single item from the Ganni x Net A Porter collection to bookmark now…Ganni floral white tee, £70, Net a PorterGanni x Net A Porter 2of12Ganni floral white tee, £70, Net a PorterGanni floral halter top, £225, Net a Porter Ganni floral wrap dress, £330, Net a Porter Ganni floral skirt, £320, Net a PorterGanni pink dress, £465, Net a PorterGanni pink sequinned top, £320, Net a Porter Ganni pink lace one piece, £130, Net a PorterGanni floral top, £180, Net a PorterGanni floral slip dress, £210, Net a PorterGanni floral skirt, £250, Net a PorterGanni quilted jacket, £285, Net a PorterGanni sequin dress, £595, Net a PorterREAD MORE: Is This The 'It' Swimsuit Of The Summer? READ MORE: This Is The Unexpected Jewellery Trend, According To Kendall And Co At The 2017 Met Gala© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This year’s Met Gala was always going to be the biggest sartorial spectacle,  with every attendee appearing to channel the avant-garde style of Comme des Garçons designer and honoree, Rei Kawakubo.Because, if you can’t take a fashion risk on the Met red carpet, when can you folks? Pause for thought when we cast our minds back to this time last year – when it was all about futuristic femme, Zayn’s Robocop get-up and, er, Kanye’s eyeballs.Fast-forward, and the accessories forecast is looking decidedly less sci-fi, more artful. The next big jewellery trend? Get ready for mismatched earrings! Yes, really.From OTT earpiece bling (see model Adwoa Aboah, who opted for a design from young Central Saint Martins graduate Conner Ives) to bold and architectural lobe-dressing (yes, we’re now using that phrase). For those looking for a more understated approach, check out Gigi Hadid, Daisy Ridley and Sofia Richie’s simple take on the ‘It’ accessory of the moment.It's official: ‘Tis the season to make a ‘so-wrong, but yet so right’ statement...Though please be prepared for your non ‘fashion’ mates to question you because you appear to have gotten dressed in the dark.READ MORE: Met Gala 2017 Best Dressed ListREAD MORE: 10 Of The Cutest Couples On The Met Gala Red Carpet© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last night umpteen celebrities, models, designers and socialites strutted down the (notably) beige carpet of the annual Met Gala. Known as fashion’s big night out, The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s annual Costume Institute ball is the peak of Anna Wintour’s social calendar. It’s a $30,000 a head dinner with a star performance – this year from Katy Perry – and more celebrities that the Oscars.Really, it’s just like prom – everyone turns up in a rented limo wearing an uncomfortable dress and has to pose for pictures that their parents will ‘ooo’ and ‘ahh’ over. But, unlike our prom pics that are (thankfully) gathering dust somewhere, these photos will be plastered over the pages of The Daily Mail.While Rihanna and Lily Rose Depp tried their darndest last night to overthrow her, the ultimate Met Gala prom queen title belongs to one Hillary Rodham Clinton. Back in 2001, when the Met Gala was comparatively a low-key affair, Hilz turned up in a leopard print gown. Yes, you read that right, An olive green taffeta leopard print dress. Naomi Campbell, Gwyneth Paltrow, Stella McCartney, Iman and Jessica Simpson were also there, but even then all eyes were on Clinton.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What are your opinions on River Island? Wait, don’t answer that. Whether you’re a lifelong committed fan or a more as and when you see a piece that takes your eye, we recommend you sit up straight and pay attention to these 11 pieces. Each one will reinvigorate your wardrobe and sit naturally with what you already own. That gingham top will look great with jeans, those striped shorts are calling for a white tee to be tucked in, and those fluffy shoes are just the answer to enlivening your cigarette trouser collection. Scroll and see…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by McArthurGlenSpring is in the air, and with it comes an abundance of beautiful floral fashion items. Now, it's no secret that we love a feminine flower design, so we're super pleased that florals are a key trend for this year. And to celebrate, we've teamed up with designer and high street outlet McArthurGlen Designer Outlets to share some of our favourite 'Vivid Blooms'-inspired pieces, which you can pick up for a reduced price at the York centre, which we visited as part of our exciting fashion tour!French Connection, was £75, now £44 at McArthurGlenA modern way to work the floral trend this year is to opt for intricate patterned trousers, which you can pair with a simple white top.Ted Baker, was £139, now £89 at McArthurGlenA vibrant, colorful floral-printed skirt will help to add a pop of colour to your wardrobe. Plus if you choose one with a bright waistband design, like the one above, you'll draw attention to how small your waist is - bonus!Carvela at Kurt Geiger, was £89, now £49 at McArthurGlenThe 'Vivid Blooms' trend isn't just about floral designs - it's also about floral colours. So, inject a bit of character into your wardrobe by wearing some stylish heels that are inspired by the colours of Summer flowers.Phase Eight, was £140, now £95 at McArthurGlenIt's no secret that pastel hues are trending this Spring/Summer, and luckily, they go hand-in-hand with the floral fashion theme. Remember that to work these two trends, you don't need your entire outfit to be pastel - simply look for items that have those shades incorporated into them.M&S, was £19.50, now £14 at McArthurGlenFloral prints can also be worked into your look through your accessories. A simple clutch bag or a flowing scarf with delicate flower detailing can add a touch of femininity to any outfit. Ooh la la!See what went down at the McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia  at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet in York above. #fashionreimaginedPlus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Vivid Blooms' selection at McArthurGlen Designer Outlets now. Discover more at the York Designer Outlet now, which has over 120 designer and high street brands housed under one roof, including The Kooples, Reiss, Ted Baker and Kurt Geiger, with up to 60% off. The branch is open until 8pm Monday to Saturday, and is  located just over 10 minutes from York city centre. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is so much politics involved in being a bridesmaid. And, I should know, I’m about to be a bridesmaid twice in three months. But, the prickliest issue is obviously what you’ll be wearing on the big day. Some brides (not naming names) are willing to throw their bridesmaids under the bus and dress them in monstrously unattractive gowns. You know the fat friend theory? Well, imagine that but worse because your friend, the bride, has attempted to make this a horrifying reality on a day when your every move will be photographed. Do not let this happen to you! Whether the wedding will be traditional or bucking convention, these are six styles every bride should consider…Three Floor, Sorbet Dress, £295; Whistles, Hydrangea Tie Back Jumpsuit, £249Jumpsuits aren’t just for nights out and this floral Whistles one-piece with a silk bowed back is proof. The light rose hue and botanical print is romantic, which let's be honest is the vibe every bride wants. If pink is your highlight colour consider this layered mini dress from Three Floors. Not only will the loose fit flatter most body shapes but the lace texture will photograph beautifully in the wedding pictures.ASOS, Wedding Maxi Dress in Sunshine Floral Print, £80; ASOS, Ruched Midi Dress In Sunshine Floral Print, £65Blame it on La La Land, but we have yellow dresses on our mind. The colour is vibrant, positive and will ensure that whatever the weather the sun will be shining on the big day. A maxi dress that sweeps the floor will add a little drama and instantly set the tone before the bride even approaches the aisle. While a short ruched-fronted tea dress, like Lotte’s, is the dream for a country garden setting.Three Floor, Hydrangea Dress, £320; Three Floor, Beauty Dress, £300The long and short of it – sorry couldn’t help myself – is that blue suits most skin tones and hair colours. This pleated and ruffle powder blue frock Daisy is wearing is fun and flirty and will look the part come time for the disco. Taiba’s dress rewrites the code for an unconventional wedding. It effortlessly picks up on this season’s sheer trend but is also an elegant crowd-pleaser.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The news may be awash with ridiculous jeans  cough transparent Topshop trousers, cough Vetement’s bum-zip Levi’s collab cough  but our eyes are firmly on denim of a different kind. White jeans have suffered from a bad rep for too long. It is possible – we swear – too wear them without looking Eurotrash-y or like an extra in an 80s Duran Duran video. Pick the right cut – namely high waist and straight leg – and wash (read: no distressing or stonewashing), and you’re on to a new season winner. Wear them now, and when summer comes be smug as you’ll have nailed the look first. Here are our particular favourites…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...My mother always asked, ‘if they jump off a cliff, would you?’ And the answer is invariably yes. I’m a sheep, I admit it. And, it seems I’m not the only one as there is a contentious trend spreading like wildfire, burning bridges and sweeping up Instagram influencers in its wake. Officially, the brand behind the trend, Oresund Iris, like to call it a structured corset, I, however, am inclined to name it a ‘boob shelf’. It’s an anti-bra, a boob-less corset, an accessory for your t-shirt you never knew you needed. As bizarre as it is some of the trendy elite have been spinning it into a wardrobe staple. Thoughts?Credit: Instagram @livvperezIf I didn’t know better, I would say Olivia Perez (aka Bella Hadid’s BFF and founder of Friend of a Friend) was wearing space age vintage Pierre Cardin from the 60s. But, I do, and she’s actually modelling Oresund Iris’ boobless bra in white with a Misha Nonoo skirt and Dear Frances boots.Credit: Instagram @SamimiroSami Miro has not been cast in Stranger Things, but her outfit is straight-up upside down and back-to-front. For starters, is she wearing that Honda top the right way?  Somehow, against all odds, she’s making it work.Credit: Instagram @emrataProof that this trend is not just for the fried egg-chested. Pulling an ironic move, Emily Ratajkowski showed feminists do wear corsets (even if its over, not under their clothes).Credit: Instagram @manrepellerTrust Leandra Medine to go full-throttle on a scary trend. Facing it off in the bright lights of daytime, she layered her black boob-free corset over a tight white t-shirt and with a Carrie Bradshaw-sized corsage.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I'm no stranger to mules and love PVC ( although I keep it fairly limited to macs and skirts), but PVC mules? A step too far, or so I believed until I saw the crystal-studded pink pair in MR by Man Repeller’s collection for Net-a-Porter. These mules look as if Cinderella and Carrie Bradshaw have gone into business together (indeed they’re inspired by the latter’s footwear). They’re a grown-up version of jelly shoes. My heart says 'Add to shopping bag', but my head says, 'Could I really wear them on the tube?'It’s with these (pressing) questions in mind that I agree to test drive a plastic replica from Mango for a day at the office. Working at a newspaper means I'm used to the bewildered looks from sports journos - my Yeti-sized coat always gets a double-take - but I don’t think bewildered quite covers the reaction I got to a teetering pair of PVC mules. Here’s what I learnt...9pm: the night before: I’m scrolling through Man Repeller’s Instagram and notice that a decent pedicure is mandatory with mules. Cue the next 30 minutes spent preening my talons with Margaret Dabbs’s Geranium polish.I ask my sister and her boyfriend what they make of them. He says, pointing at the strap: “Are those arm-bands?”; she says, “They’ll be filled with your blood by the end of the day”. I retreat to my room.7am: Divine inspiration hasn’t struck, and I have no clue what to wear. Leandra Medine styles hers with high-waisted shorts and miles of tanned leg - I’d probably get escorted from the building for trying something similar.  I slip a tiger-stripe dress over a polo neck, but with the mules it’s straight up brassy. Next, scarlet track-pants and an adidas tee. Something about my body looking PE teacher, and my feet looking pin-up feels unsettling. Eventually, I pick straight-leg jeans and a Bruta blouse embroidered with Botticelli’s the Birth of Venus. If people start staring at my feet then I can distract them with the naked chick on my chest, right?8am: I’m looking at my feet on the way to the bus stop and notice that the plastic is so snug that it is magnifying the bones and veins on my feet…not a great look. The 48 pulls up so I attempt a spot of running. It’s surprisingly ok, if you call bending your knees and shuffling a bit running. They’re tight and prohibit fast movement, but I love how they look.8.45am: I’m at a breakfast meeting with two fashion PRs and they’re cooing appreciatively over my mules. At work, I even get an unironic 'wicked' from someone in the Money section. Score.10.15am: I realise that the sound of heels clacking on hard floors is one I associate with glossy, important people. Pity my tread seems more elephant than authoritative. Still, wearing a heel, even with the PVC, definitely feels more professional than trainers. I sit straighter at my desk and type decisively like a Mad Men secretary. It must be the mules - I make a mental note to wear them more often.11.05am: A colleague is telling me about a recent TK Maxx experience, and I ask her what she thinks of my footwear. 'They’re very cool, but see you haven’t got bunions.' I feel like this might be setting the bar low, but I’m marking it down as a compliment.1.10pm: The tiny strap across my toes is surprisingly painless (thus far) but the thick one is so tight that it’s leaving a line. I feel like I’m wearing one of those blood pressure cuffs on each foot. The Compeed count is still zero so overall I’m smug.1.40pm: Ankle ache is setting in. I rescind the above comment about wearing mules at work. They’re also making me very self-conscious about whether I’m strutting to the loo or not.2.30pm: Another PR meeting and this one says she 'loves' the mules with no prompting. I agree they’re awesome. But on the walk back upstairs, my feet, if this is even possible, start to feel light-headed.4pm: My feet now have a dull ache when I’m sitting so I’ve taken to sliding them in and out of the mules. Blisters are threatening to form on my pinkies, but I won’t let them. This is desk lockdown, people.6pm: It’s officially the end of the day so I’m free - hurrah! I can only imagine the comprehensive shredding they would give my toes if I wore them out but I’m confident it would only happen a couple of times before I broke them in (or my feet grew a leathery kind of hide). It’s only as I’m changing into trainers and pulling on a lurex sock that I realise my mistake - they would have been the perfect PVC buffer.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Natalie on Instagram @nataliehammondThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every now and again a high street favourite of ours collaborates with a label that makes us go weak at the knees. This time, our leg wobbling, credit card grabbing excitement can be blamed on ASOS as their newest collaboration with Hunza G dropped today.The first time we saw their crinkly stretch material was on Julia Roberts in Pretty Women when she wore that cut-out dress, but it wasn’t until Georgina Huddart orchestrated the label’s reinvention a couple of years ago that we really got hooked. After a successful collection designed by Pandora Sykes, the label developed an army of It girl followers. Looking at you Lily Donaldson, Dua Lipa, Suki Waterhouse and Camille Charrière.Today, with little fan fair seven pieces dropped on ASOS.com. Priced between £100 and £136, the look doesn’t come cheap but it’s also almost identical to the label’s main line. And, most importantly includes a dress that is near-identical to Vivian Ward’s.Shop HERE.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ten years ago, if you’d asked me what sustainable fashion would look like I would have said ‘oatmeal-y’, possibly made of hemp and very itchy to wear. But, we’ve come a long way since then. Under pressure, the high street is slowly moving with the times and creating environmentally friendly lines. Call it greenwashing all you like, but it’s still better to have the option to buy fast, sustainable fashion than not at all. Following in the footsteps of market leaders like Stella McCartney, the brands have been switching to organic cotton where possible. Some have been going further by turning to eco-friendly electricity sources and upcycling materials. So you don't have to trawl the whole world wide web, bookmark the pages below if you want to shop fast, eco-responsible fashion...The Spanish retailer launched a 45-piece collection earlier this year that puts the environment first. It’s produced in factories in Portugal, Turkey and Morocco and uses organic and recycled materials that are dyed with eco-friendly inks.H&M are so committed to being perceived as environmentally friendly that they’ve even considered the source of their electricity supply so that now 96% of what they use comes from renewable sources. Around 43% of their cotton is sourced sustainably, and they strive to use recycled materials. They’ve even been lauded by Greenpeace as the first high street store to eliminate nasty PFC chemicals.Launched this week, Monki Cares is the Scandi line’s new organic cotton denim range. It has been produced in independently-owned factories that pay their employees fairly.  They have also announced that they are setting themselves a target to only use recycled or sustainable materials by 2030 and to be climate positive throughout their whole value chain by 2040.Using the combined resources of upcycled materials and sustainable options, like ecologically grown cotton, Zara has created a full throttle environmentally-friendly line called Join Life.  As part of the brand’s ongoing commitment to the environment, they are also asking people to bring in clothes to be recycled.While they have been trying to remove harmful chemicals from production and move towards more sustainable fabrics, M&S has been at the forefront of employment rights. They have focused on training their workers in employment rights, financial literacy and offering them healthcare.As a founding member of the Ethical Trading Initiative, they have promised to use organic cotton, reduce energy used in stores, decrease excess packaging. Notably, they only use leather that is a by-product of the meat industry and don’t sell fur.Not only do ASOS have a special Eco Edit tab that’s fueled by sustainable brands, but they sponsor a factory in Kenya, called SOKO Kenya, that offers training initiatives to local workers and produces ASOS products under fair-trade principals.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Back in the ‘90s, Xtina and Britney Spears were often compared to one another. But, other than being blonde American singers they had zilch in common. Brits was the butter-wouldn’t-melt-in-her-mouth virginal girl-next-door, while Christina Aguilera was the octave-smashing bad girl who wanted to show us the genie in her bottle. The culmination of Christina’s anti-establishment image came in the guise of one raucous music video, Dirrty. To this day, even though Kylie Jenner has tried to recreate it, nothing (yet) has managed to beat Christina wearing assless chaps in a boxing ring.In the years since the Xtina’s MTV heydey music videos have become so sedate. Blurred Lines is a misogynistic yawn-fest in comparison. Long before Miley learnt to twerk Christina gave us a lesson in confidence and assless pants, she taught us that there is no shame in a slut drop and that dancing in a shower sprouting from the ceiling of the men’s toilets won’t lead to gonorrhoea. From Christina bare-knuckle cage fighting to rapper Redman hanging out with chickens, there’s a lot about Dirrty we’re still yet to digest.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...How many times have you bulk ordered the same dress in a multitude of sizes? Only to discover after several attempts that none of them fit quite right and you need to make the weekly pilgrimage to the post office to make the disappointing return... There is no greater sadness than a Zara-induced defeat.But what if we told you that those days are set to be a thing of the past?Yes, that's right. Zara has introduced a brand spanking new tool designed to enable users to find the perfect size the first time around, by entering your height, weight and preferred size.Simply look for the new button, ‘What’s My Size?’ and follow the steps below:When browsing the website, search for the new update which enables you to find your own size (it's the tiny blue button).Enter your height, weight and preferred fit. The Spanish fashion giant will then calculate the recommended size as if by magic...The tool will then let you know how many customers have also purchased the item in the same size and how likely it is to fit.If you're still unsure as to whether to part with your wages then you can narrow the search down even further. By selecting 'Add Information' you can now select your figure from the options given.The site will then ask you to select your body shape and age in the hope of reaching an even more precise size estimate.Now this is by far our favourite stage in the process. By selecting you bra size, you're limiting the chance of having to return the item even more. Just think of how great the newly launched shopping tool will be when it comes to sourcing the perfect swimsuit this summer...And, voila! Zara will accurately calculate your ideal size. So make sure to keep the shopping tab saved at work and order as if there's no tomorrow.This could be dangerous for our bank accounts...READ MORE: A Zara Documentary Is In The MakingREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New ZaraREAD MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will Love© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Photographs of Kim Kardashian and her sister Kourtney on holiday in Mexico have surfaced. Most likely you’ve already seen them. But, while other publications (no naming names here) have been fascinated by her unairbrushed assets, we can’t stop staring at her extensive bikini collection.Kim, who is slowly, but surely, returning to the public eye, has been spotted on holiday in three different bikinis. We can all agree that what you wear on the beach says a lot about you. I, for one, favour a cover-all one-piece with enough support to lift up a small city, while Kim has shown favour for vintage styles. Divisive (and possibly unhygienic) as wearing a second-hand swimsuit is, she’s been making a strong case for early Noughties fashion. It has happened ! GHV X KKW - kim wears iconic Dior bikini from #gabrielheldvintage - DM or email for your gabriel held vintage appointment today! Ps thanks Danielle 💖A post shared by  GABRIEL HELD VINTAGE (@gabriel_held_vintage) on Apr 24, 2017 at 12:49pm PDTThe first image to surface was of her wearing a Diorissimo two-piece from the label’s problematic 2004 ‘rasta’ capsule collection. She wore it with gold hoops and mirrored lens sunglasses – the look was very J.Lo in the video for Love Don’t Cost A Thing.It was sourced from vintage dealer Gabriel Held who is NY’s go-to man when it comes to unearthing rare fashion pieces. It was his by-appointment archives that Lena Dunham raided for recent Girls promo tour, and it is his Instagram account that editors are currently drooling over. He got his start assisting costume stylist Patricia Field on Sex and The City but quickly switched to collection clothing and styling in his own right.'One of Kim stylists, Danielle Levi  knows to always come to me for all of Kim's vintage needs. When she called inquiring about bikinis, I knew immediately that the Dior pieces would be perfect!  Kim is definitely involved in the selection process because I was told she was particularly excited about these pieces.  I'm always thrilled to have my vintage on her', Gabriel told The Debrief.The fact that Kim wore this contentious vintage bikini isn’t very surprising as Noughties fashion is back with force. Between Wavey Garms, Juicy Couture’s recent collaboration with Vetements and Kendall Jenner wearing a Paris Hilton-esque chainmail dress on her birthday, the so-ironic-it’s-stylish early 2000s are back. And, nothing symbolises this era quite like unabashedly wearing Diorissimo. John Galliano (before he was exiled from Dior) was the standard-bearer of the era, his Christian Dior collections were the thermometer fashion was measured by. So, Kim’s recent discovery of Dior’s camp past feels right on the money for right now. Okay last one! @kimkardashian in her custom bikini by me, today looking great in Mexico 🇲🇽 Styled by these two angels: @avigail_claire @damiancollins  #kimkardashian #kimkardashianwestA post shared by  Akna Store (@aidan.euan) on Apr 25, 2017 at 8:40pm PDT Also check this custom encrusted Swarovski bikini I made for @kimkardashian took me almost 15hrs and applied one by one over 6,000 @swarovski crystals by hand✨#kimkardashian #kimkardashianwestA post shared by  Akna Store (@aidan.euan) on Apr 20, 2017 at 9:55pm PDTFor Kim’s latest bikini outing she was styled by Abigail Claire and Damian Collins who works with Rihanna. She wore a crystallised creation by Aidan Euan. It took him over 15 hours to attach over 6,000 Swarovski crystals by hand (!) to Kim’s silver swimsuit.Lesson learnt: I need to up my bikini-game.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re always looking for an excuse to go shopping, and a long weekend certainly justifies a new purchase (or three).And with the weather uncertain this May bank holiday weekend, we're ditching all plans in favour of some well-deserved shopping.Luckily for you, we’ve done the leg work, and rounded up the most covetable high street pieces out there.So whether you plan to spend the weekend with family or you’re jetting away (you lucky thing), we’ve got it covered. You can even shop the drop from the comfort of your own bed. Because, Bank Holiday.From must-have mules to this season's 'It' swimsuit, we've rounded up this month's best buys.Shop with caution: your bank balance isn’t going to like this...'Tis tassel time! The simple stud is so last season - it's time to say hello to the statement earring for SS17, £12.99, MangoMay Day bank holiday fashion buys - Grazia 2of10'Tis tassel time! The simple stud is so last season - it's time to say hello to the statement earring for SS17, £12.99, MangoMeet your new Lucky Blue top for spring / summer, £25.99, Mango The search for a simple off-shoulder top is over, £39,& Other Stories Powder pink ballerina-style mules? Yes please, 34.99, H&MThe classic cossie gets a sexy makeover this season - we love this millennial pink number, £39, & Other StoriesFor those tired of their black blazer, this burgundy striped number will inject some cool-girl / Parisian vibes into your wardrobe, £39.99, H&M The lazy girls guide to summer dressing? Start with a chic and simple shirt-style tunic dress, £29.99, ZaraPerk up your summer festival packing with some round ocean blue coloured lens sunglasses, £16, Urban OutfittersThis bardot dress ticks every fashion box - off-shoulder, frills and one of the biggest 'It' hues you'll be seeing a lot more over the next three months, £39, [Topshop]http://www.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/new-in-this-week-2169932/new-in-fashion-6367514/floral-frill-bardot-dress-6530523?bi=20&ps=20)In need of some high-end arm candy? We're crushing hard over this pretty pink 'Happy' tote, £695, Hill & FriendsREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New ZaraREAD MORE: The Best High Street Wedding Dresses© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Everyone knows being signed by IMG Models is a signpost of great things to come. After all, they have both Hadid sisters, Hailey Baldwin and almost all of the Victoria’s Secret Angels on their books. But, perhaps the agency’s most important signing yet is Halima Aden, IMG’s first hijab-wearing model.The Somali-American beauty – who is a practising Muslim – first started making waves in the Miss Minnesota USA pageant, when she rocked both her hijab and a burkini, finishing in the top 15. Born in a Kenyan refugee camp, she moved to St. Cloud, Minnesota, with her family when she was six-years-old and last year became the town’s first Muslim homecoming queen.Then came the cover of Carine Roitfeld’s CR Fashion Book, where Halima was shot by Mario Sorrenti and interviewed by her hero Iman, who is also Somali. It’s here that we really get to know Halima, who is clearly aware of the importance of her voice and platform, speaking of her ambitions to become a United Nations goodwill ambassador as well as the various issues that balancing modelling and her Muslim faith can bring. Never thought I would see the day that a woman dressed like me would grace the cover of a fashion magazine. Thank you SO much @carineroitfeld and my new @crfashionbook family for giving me the opportunity to feel represented in the most beautiful way ❤️A post shared by  Halima (@halima) on Feb 21, 2017 at 6:57am PST‘I got a lot of Instagram comments like, “Oh, you don’t have your neck covered, you’re not a Muslim!”’ she told Iman. ‘My thing is, stop judging women, especially if you’re a man because you don’t know the responsibility that comes with wearing a hijab.’February’s AW17 Yeezy show, where Halima was cast by Kanye West, was her first runway. ‘I had the opportunity to briefly meet Kanye and Kim at my fitting yesterday, so that was fun!’ she told Vogue, a brief reminder that she’s just like any other 19-year-old, before she slipped seamlessly back to activist mode. ‘My goal is to send a message to Muslim women and young women everywhere that it’s okay to break stereotypes and be yourself,’ she continued. ‘Always stay true to who you are – barriers can and will be broken!’ Smile it's #sunnahA post shared by  Halima (@halima) on Mar 9, 2017 at 11:15am PSTAnd Halima’s certainly on the way to breaking them. After Yeezy came bookings at Milan Fashion Week, where she walked for Alberta Ferretti and Max Mara, befriending supermodels Gigi Hadid and Elsa Hosk in the process. Next, shoots for Harper’s Bazaar and Vogue Arabia, and a plethora of press. And, of course, everyone wants to know what – as a Muslim living in America – she thinks of President Trump and his travel ban. 😂💞A post shared by  Halima (@halima) on Feb 23, 2017 at 9:21am PST‘America has always been a land of diversity, basically made up of immigrants, and that is something I want to see continued. It's something I'm proud of when people think of America,’ Halima told Cosmopolitan. ‘What I do is I always try to educate myself about my neighbours, about the people I meet. I think that's something that our president could do.‘We all have different things that make us strong and weak, but if we communicate and we really open ourselves and open our hearts, you're going to be amazed by the things that you can learn. Everybody that comes from a different culture, they always [know] something that you've never thought of. Something that you could use, you know? So just educate yourself.’Something tells us that Halima is going to be responsible for educating a whole lot of people and we’re totally on board with that.Like this? You might also be interested in: We Have Lots Of Questions About Ivanka Trump’s New Job TitleModel Reveals Racist Casting Call7 Times Yeezy Season 5 Proved Kanye Is A New ManFollow Jennifer on Instagram @barbiesnapsThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The actress stars in one of a handful of short films shot by Sofia Coppola for Calvin Klein underwear, and we’re not kidding when we say she kills it. Conventional wisdom would say that septuagenarian Hutton is an unusual choice for an underwear ad – it’s a medium known for its pursuit of the unobtainable, after all. Far from the pneumatic sexbots of yore, Hutton – wrinkles and all – shows us that you don’t need to be flaw-free to be sexy.And Hutton isn’t the only mature woman who’s captured the fashion world’s heart – Dame Viv herself took the role of model in her brand’s latest catwalk show, while the likes of Carolyn Murphy, 42, Amber Valletta, 43, and Guinevere Van Seenus, 39, added to the joy at Dries Van Noten’s 100th show. In London, young designers Simone Rocha and Gareth Pugh showed their appreciation for women of a certain age, their casting creating a powerful clap back against the invisibility many older women feel.Away from the catwalk, Instagram stars such as Accidental Icon, Sophie Fontanel and Baddie Winkle are proof that there’s far more to mature fashion than elasticated-waist slacks and sensible shoes. And the best thing about these women? The fact that their style can’t be pigeon-holed. There’s been a real surge in individual style of late, spearheaded bya wave of thoughtful dressers and street- style stars. And the idea that a wear-what-you-want attitude applies to women of any age is inherently cheering for those of us who feel alienated by the seemingly endless supply of hot young It things.But perhaps the most alluring aspect of these older women is that they’re undeniably comfortable in their own skin, oozing confidence in a way their Millennial counterparts just don’t. Girl crush? Pah! Make way for the woman crush.READ MORE: Everything You Need To Know About The Grey Hair TrendREAD MORE: How Grey Ombré Became The Fashion World's New Favourite Hair Colour© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Shopping Zara like a pro is essentially the fashion equivalent of Grand Theft Auto. You have to get in there at warp speed.Must-have items from that blue coat to the leather biker jacket last season were in such high demand that you will no doubt find them flogging on eBay for quadruple the original sale price. Big sigh.But, now and then, the high-street hero answers our fashion prayers in the form of our three favourite words: Back In Stock.One item in particular the Insta-girls have been going crazy for recently? Zara’s red midi gingham skirt.(In case you were wondering, Gingham is quite possibly the most social media-friendly trend to takeover - a simple and chic keynote fabric that Dorothy would be more than pleased to see in 2017).And we’re a little in love with this Zara number ourselves – with everything from the XL frill to the uber-flattering front button on the side (not to mention the price, at £25.99).It’s super easy to style out too. For a casual/picnic-in-the-park vibe, simply pair with some Birkenstocks, a white tee and a light denim jacket. Though if 1950s high glam is more your thing, this outfit calls for some MAC Russian Red and a Roman Holiday-style structured shirt a la Audrey Hepburn.Check. Mate.READ MORE: 9 New Labels Zara Addicts Will LoveREAD MORE: 23 Things You Know To Be True If You Love Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nordstrom, purveyor of the 'clear-knee mom jean,' brings us the latest fashion  invention: muddy jeans. Yes, they’re totally a thing now. The pre-dirtied jeans, formally called 'Barracuda Straight Leg Jeans,' are described as heavily distressed and 'a comfortable straight-leg fit embody rugged Americana workwear that’s seen some hard working-action.'The jeans, priced $425 (£330), promise to give buyer the look of some who’s not afraid of getting down and dirty.The image on Nordstrom.com shows mud-soaked jeans, produced by PRPS, with huge brown stains on the pockets and knee areas. CNN discovered the substance it’s not actually mud, as it doesn’t wash out.As per usual, the online community took the opportunity to review the product and mock its ridiculous price:The responses that the unusual pants have drawn so far might suggest that the Barracuda pants would not be the ground-breaking success Nordstrom expects.  The pants, however, are just one of latests products sold by the firm which also featured the Clear knee mommy pants, pants with transparent patches on the knee area and 'the medium leather wrapped stone', an actual stone wrapped in leather with a very unclear purpose.Like this? Then you might also be interested in: All The Places Topshop's New Jeans Would Be Perfect For It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now Uniqlo's New Launch Is The Minimalist Swimwear We All Need This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last week, social media went into meltdown after Twitter users were quick to draw comparisons between Balenciaga's latest 'It' bag and Ikea's famous blue tote.And the Swedish homeware giant responded to the alleged copyright in the best possible way, as Ikea’s sales leader Stella Monteiro told Today: “We are extremely flattered to seemingly be an inspiration for the latest catwalk designs for Balenciaga."He continued: "Our Ikea Frakta tote is one of our most iconic products which are already owned and loved by millions - now many people truly can get the designer look for less.”And now, the Scandi store has teased the French fashion house once again with an advertisement mocking the similarity.The now-viral ad advises customers on 'How To Identify An Original Ikea Frakta Bag'.The mock campaign was the brainwave of Acne creative director, Johan Holgrem. He told Creative, "I wanted to act fast, so we contacted our client the day after and I said, 'We'll have creative work ready within two hours'".The agency then approached photographer Anders Kylberg to shoot the Ikea Frakta bag in the studio taking inspirational cues from Balenciaga's past fashion campaigns. The ad went out on the same day.Holgrem admitted he couldn't resist teasing the fashion house as he added: "I like the flirt, and I thought, 'Why not flirt back?' And we did."READ MORE: Balenciaga's Latest 'It' Bag Looks Familiar© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by OfficeWhen you think of festival fashion, gladiator sandals and denim shorts might spring to mind. But this year, there's a surprising footwear must-have that's been hot-to-trot with A-listers like Joan Smalls and Josephine Skriver - the Timberland boot.Often seen as an Autumn or Winter item, this boot infact transcends the seasons, and Coachella is living proof of that. There, the lace-up, worker boots made a big comeback, and set the tone for every upcoming UK festival this year.Perhaps there was something about Timberland's new pastel range 'Slim Premium 6 Inch Boots' that caught the eye of the celebrities at Coachella, or perhaps it's the fact that these ankle boots ooze an understated cool-girl vibe. Either way, we're down with the trend, and here's how you can get in on it, too...We arguably first saw desert-ready, festival boots pop up in Mad Max: Fury Road, which saw Charlize Theron trailblaze across an post-apocalyptic wasteland in heavy-duty black boots. Since then, celebrities like Josephine Skrier have been following suit. The Victoria's Secret model paired her Timberlands with high black socks and untied laces at Coachella.You can expect more A-list stars to rock romantic Spring clothes with tough boots while attending Summer festivals, so be sure to take a leaf out of their styling books. After all, flimsy sandals won't suffice while you dance the night away - a heavy combat boot is a much more suitable choice of footwear, and it'll also protect your feet from those hazardous stomping ravers.For warm Summer nights pre-festival season, follow in the footsteps of style maven Rihanna (who has long been a fan of custom Timberlands), and trade in your denim dress or a shorts for a pair of jeans and boots. The best thing about wearing these boots is that they look smart enough to elevate your outfit, and at the same time, they're much easier to walk in than heels. Plus, if you struggle with adding colour to your wardrobe, pastel boots, like Timberland's dusty pink or pale blue ones, will help you do the job.The new Timberland Slim Premium 6 Inch Boots are available online at **The new Timberland Slim Premium 6 Inch Boots are available online at OfficeOfficeOffice and in-store, now. and in-store, now.**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by McArthurGlen.If you're currently in the process of updating your wardrobe for Summer, then you'll be pleased to know that we've teamed up with designer and high street outlet McArthurGlen Designer Outlets for a six-part series that will bring you the low-down of which trends you need to keep an eye out for.First up is Cheshire Oaks Designer Outlet with 'Future Club', a trend which combines street style with runway chic. Mismatch prints, pops of colour and texture, and standout accessories are all key to nailing this look. And to help you out, we've handpicked a few investment pieces that will ensure you look on-trend, all for a fraction of the price!French Connection, was £135, now £79 at McArthurGlenIf you're going after a chic, yet fashion-forward vibe, then a key piece to invest in is a structured blazer. Patterned clothing is set to be big this Spring, so look for one with monochromatic detailing to ensure you stay ahead of the trend.Osprey, was £39, now £24.95 at McArthurGlenClashing colours are a sure-fire way to show off your style and confidence. But, if you don't want to mix-and-match too many different hues, then you can always brighten your outfit by adding a statement accessory, like a quirky animal print bag.Hobbs, was £59, now £39 at McArthurglenHeavy detailing and embellishments are other key elements of the 'Future Club' trend. If they can't be worked into your clothing, then accessorise your outfit with a bedazzled, chunky necklace instead.Kurt Geiger, was £80, now £55 at McArthurGlenNothing says runway chic quite like a pair of sophisticated, slingback heels. To make a real power statement, choose a pair that have noteworthy details, like a pop of colour on the side, or edgy stitching at the front.Belstaff, was £375, now £188 at McArthurGlenThis Spring/Summer, throw a riot of colour and print into the mix by pairing an eye-catching, patterned shirt with some bright trousers - think coral, purple, indigo or lemon hues.Jaeger, was £35, now £24 at McArthurGlenAs well as clashing prints and colours, metallics such as silver, gold, bronze and rose gold will be on-trend for Spring/Summer. Work them into your look with a statement bangle or arm cuff.See what went down at the **McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia McArthurGlen Style Studio in association with Grazia  at the McArthurGlen Designer Outlet in Cheshire Oaks above. #fashionreimaginedPlus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Future Club' selection at **Plus, don't forget that you can shop the 'Future Club' selection at McArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer OutletsMcArthurGlen Designer Outlets now. Discover more at  now. Discover more at Cheshire Oaks Designer OutletCheshire Oaks Designer OutletCheshire Oaks Designer Outlet now, which has over 145 designer and high street brands including Coach, The Kooples, Belstaff and Paul Smith, with up to 60% off. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location. now, which has over 145 designer and high street brands including Coach, The Kooples, Belstaff and Paul Smith, with up to 60% off. Stocks and prices may vary depending on location.**© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We can’t remember a (fashionista’s) life before social media. Before hashtags. Before brands realised the power of an OOTD post from the latest tastemaker. At warp speed, labels are solidifying their relationships with Instagram stars to #SpreadTheWord.Ten years ago, trends were predominately set by designers Fashion Week offerings. However, more than ever, we turn to our favourite blogger’s to find out the latest ‘It’ buy they’re sporting and how they are styling it (thus incurring serious damage to our bank balance come payday).And now WWD have revealed the top 10 most influential brands in the social space. A new report from marketing platform Insightpool reviewed social profiles over a three-month period from January to April of this year, analysing social media giants such as Twitter and Instagram.The #1 fashion brand? Chanel. Swiftly followed by Louis Vuitton in second place. So, no big surprises there (Chanel has accrued 20.1 million Instagram followers and 12.8 million Twitter followers and counting)Although number three is less expected: luxury womenswear brand Christian Siriano. We have to admit we weren’t too familiar with this US label – though Sarah Jessica Parker, Kelly Rowland and Lady Gaga are big fans of his chic and understated designs.  Puma and Forever 21 were also in the top five.Here’s the full list of the Top 10 fashion brands based on Insightpool’s data…According to WWD: ‘Brands were ranked by: being tagged as fashion influencer; its percentage of Twitter and Instagram conversations on fashion and related keywords; its audience engagement within the fashion category; and a three-month weighted average that was applied to its scores and metrics.’ The style stats do not lie...READ MORE: The #1 Brand Millennials Love To Shop RNREAD MORE: 9 New Cult Fashion Labels To Shop This Spring © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The internet erupted into a collective cackle yesterday when Topshop released a pair of transparent jeans. After the furore surrounding their partly-plastic trousers, we’re surprised they wanted to weather than same PR storm. But, lo and behold, they did.For £55 a pair of MOTO clear plastic straight leg jeans can be yours. They have a skinny fit, front and back pockets and are sure to get your friends talking. Already, the internet has a lot to say on the matter. One Twitter user labelled them ‘Sweatsville’ another asked ‘are you feeling okay Topshop?’ But, we’re pretty sure people are losing their chill over nothing as these are actually the answer to a lot of dressing dilemmas. You’ll want them when… Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When it comes to staying ahead of the sartorial agenda, always look to Bella Hadid. She forecasted the ‘athleisure’ trend way before the street style mavens caught on. Made the case for round, coloured lens sunglasses last summer. And revealed the perm – as did Gigi - to be a genuinely viable ‘do for spring / summer ’17 (okay, we’re still not entirely sure about this one, but naturally the supermodel looks incredible. Here’s the pictures to prove it).And the future of fashion, according to Miss Hadid? The boiler suit.Yes, the utilitarian trend you’ll be familiar with if you’ve ever watched Flashdance or Ghostbusters (and if you haven’t, well then, you are in for an ‘80s film treat this weekend). Although instead of the ‘hi-vis’/stopping traffic look, thanks to the high-fashion gods, the BS gets a cool-over this season.Bella recently opted for a denim floral number from Adam Selman’s autumn ’17 collection (it helps that she’s styled her look perfectly with an oversized Chanel weekend bag, chunky boots and black sunnies. Model off-duty style at its best).Top designers were in firm agreement this Fashion Week too. Blue is the new black, with Maria Grazia Chiuri sending models down the Dior runway in tough denim boiler suits. More playful options included a hygge vibe flannel number at Max Mara and Camel-hued looks with gold floral prints at Ralph Lauren.If anything, this chic ensemble will please those who want to get ready in 0-60 seconds in the morning. Aka, all of us.READ MORE:  Grazia Exclusive: Meet Bella HadidREAD MORE: Bella Hadid's Greatest Style Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget eBay and Depop, if you’re in dire need of a new handbag there is only one resale site worth checking out. Though not new, Vestiaire Collective is often overlooked even though it’s an easy place to make your pennies stretch further. For Carrie Bradshaw-worthy mini bags or Gucci for less than your rent, it’s the e-com to scroll through. There’s one catch in that you have to sign up for access – annoying – but don’t worry, they won’t spam you with constant emails. As soon as you’re in, try to resist hitting ‘add to bag’ on these accessory bargains!Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Today is the first day of arguably the most important fashion week. A twenty-minute walk from LFW’s main venue, in the hallow halls of Parliament, Fashion Revolution Week kicked off six days of international events.Following the collapse of the Rana Plaza building in Bangladesh in 2013, which was one of the worst garment factory disasters in history where 1,138 manufacturing workers were killed and a further 2,500 were injured, designers Orsola de Castro and Carry Somers sought to shine a light on the less attractive side of the clothing industry. Now in its third year, Fashion Revolution Week questions where clothes are made, who is producing them and what their lives are like.'Fashion Revolution Week is so important because people have the right to know that their money is not supporting exploitation, human rights abuses and environmental destruction. There is no way to hold companies and governments to account if we can't see what is truly happening behind the scenes. This is why transparency is so essential' Carry Somers told The Debrief.With the support of celebrities like Lily Cole, Lauren Laverne and Stella McCartney, de Castro and Somers are trying to challenge the industry’s status quo by questioning: who is being hurt by cheap fashion. The buying, making and selling of clothing is one of the fastest growing industries, employing around 75 million people who are mostly (80%) women aged between 18 and 35. In the last 20 years, the business has grown by 400%, but environmental regulations of it have hardly altered. De Castro and Somers want to bring transparency to the industry, to create a more holistic fashion business model and for consumers and the titans of the industry to take responsibility for the waste and impact of our clothes.Unlike a traditional fashion week, don’t expect de Castro and Somers to be attending exclusive champagne soirees. Instead, they are spending this week campaigning for and with the public to ask brands #whomademyclothes and putting on a host of international events. Designers and fashion schools, like Istituto Marangoni, Katie Jones and Christopher Ræburn, are hosting Open Studios. Raquel Allegra will be holding a tie-dye workshop in LA, and Wilsen Willim will be giving a lesson in shirt making in Jakarta. To find out about Fashion Revolution Week events near you, click here.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a fashion land far far away, there was a bride-to-be, who dreamt of wearing Oscar de la Renta. Layers of ivory tulle, pansy lace, floral embroidery…Okay, so the price for the dress in question would cost more than your actual wedding. But this is a dream, right? And money is a mere detail, to be ignored, right?Reality and bank account check aside…We can still glory in the week-long spectacle that is otherwise known as ‘Bridal Fashion Week’ in New York.  And ODLR’s new creative directors Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia, as expected, brought the goods.Think XXL ball gowns, super chic pantsuits and actual converse (customised, naturally) on the wedding agenda for 2018. 'We're taking the Oscar DNA and making it ours,’ Kim tells Fashionista. ‘Making it lighter, sexier and a little bit more playful'.And there was one look in particular that grabbed our attention – channelling our ‘forever fashion icon’: SJP.‘We had a little homage to the Sarah Jessica Parker moment with the [Oscar de la Renta] signature on the skirt,’ Garcia says (referencing her black and white Met Gala gown in 2014).But we couldn’t help but wonder…That the whole outfit screams of Carrie Bradshaw.The ballerina-style tulle skirt? The ‘Just Married’ necklace? The simple off-white vest? Sex and the City fans will be all-too familiar with this ensemble by now…READ MORE: You Can Actually Buy Carrie Bradshaw's Most Iconic Outfit In SATCREAD MORE: Sarah Jessica Parker Is Opening Her First Ever Fashion Boutique© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re totally A-OK with silks and satins when it’s sleepy time, but come daylight they get trickier to pull off. For starters, it doesn’t take much for them crinkle and crease, which is less than ideal when you have a day of meetings ahead of you. But, as the fashion set has fallen hard for its instant glam impact this season I wanted to see if it’s possible to get away with it for desk, dinner, dancing and beyond.ASOS, High Neck Satin Bralet with Open Back £22; ASOS, Skirt in Satin with Ruffle Hem, £35This skirt should come with a warning: not wind tunnel appropriate. One blow of the air conditioner and whoosh, everyone sees your knickers. But, in calm climates, this is the jolt of sunshine everyday needs.H&M, Ribbed Polo-Neck Top, £4.99; Topshop, Silk Hanky Hem Print Skirt By Boutique, £120Topshop deserves a round of applause, they have really outdone themselves with this floral skirt. No dowdy ditsies in sight, this is a mega-watt piece that will see you through spring to autumn. It nips me nicely in at the waist and has these flattering drapes that swish delightfully when I move.ASOS, Satin High Neck Shift Dress With Lace Inserts, £16.50This is a bombshell of a number, and not just because it’s the colour of Marilyn Monroe’s dress in Gentleman Prefer Blondes (but that doesn’t hurt). The lace detailing makes it look more expensive than it is and the fit is quite flattering considering it’s a shift with a high neckline and long sleeves.ASOS, Cowl Neck Slip Dress, £25 When in doubt, channel RiRi. If she hasn’t already, she’d wear the heck out of a silk cowl neck nightie as a day dress. With her mind, I’ve put it with Converse and sunglasses ‘cos I don’t want to see the haters.Topshop, Silk Twisted Cut Out Top by Boutique, £90How do you feel about fluoro? It’s a topical question as Topshop has made a highlighter-bright lime green blouse that’s a real day-to-night item. It amplifies blue denim in the best possible way, case in point above.H&M, Ribbed Polo-Neck Top, £4.99; Marques'Almeida, Check Cross-Body Bag, £480, Selfridges; ASOS WHITE, Split Detail Trousers With Satin Detail, £65I wasn’t sure I could get away with this come hither, bedroom-ready fabric for work, but this outfit is making me reconsider that. The tailored trousers from ASOS are flattering, and the hot pink top is easy to style to be less revealing than it actually is. Consider, me convinced.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Taiba on Instagram @taibataibaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Admittedly, we don’t only wear swimsuits for swimming. Sometimes, when the weather is warm and the sun is bright we go against doctors’ orders and work on our tan. But, wouldn’t it be wonderful if we could find a one-piece wonder for both sunbathing and swimming? Something that gives you the support you need, ensures there are no accidental nip slips, and that’s acceptable to wear down the local leisure centre. So, sorry kids, but that rules out anything too wild with complicated straps and zillions of cut-outs. But, it’s not a total borefest, some of these cossies are cuter than you’d think…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not a revelation, but you can actually adult in head-to-toe pink. And, people will take you seriously. Granted, it’s deeply intertwined with Barbie, and that problematic association isn’t going anywhere (fast). But, don’t let that hold you back. Think of Elle Woods and how she rose to the top of the legal profession while wearing magenta. So, break out the DIY tools, pay your taxes and take charge of the boardroom because this is how to wear pink like a fully-grown woman.Credit: Instagram @pieandfashThe easiest way to introduce a new trend or colour to your wardrobe is through the accessories, like your handbag, your shoes, a lacy bra strap, a faux fur shawl. But, if you want to get to second base with this new trend, or in this case shade, you invest in a statement jacket, or say a pair of on-beat trouser. However, if you’re Daisy Keens and you don’t care for second, or even third, base you go all the way and douse yourself in it. She’s skilfully balanced a sharp silhouette – courtesy of some Topshop tailoring – with texture, like her Charlotte Simone scarf and velvet booties.Credit: Instagram @moorizzlaWe can’t move without seeing millennial pink right now, but don’t let that stop you from putting this hue in the hot seat. Try it like journalist Alya Mooro and add a slick of patent to a comfy bubblegum tracksuit.Credit: Instagram @asos_oliveGive a sheer top and dusty pink trackpants a racy makeover with the peek-a-boo of a leopard print bra, like Olive Faye Smith did. While we rate her extra pose, it’s not totally necessary to pulling off this look.Credit: Instagram @irenettyaHow do you tone down a hot pink ruffle dress? Sunglasses, obviously. When it doubt, act like Anna Wintour and throw some shade at the situation. Also, kudos to Irene Agbontaen for breaking out a name necklace like it’s 2002 and Carrie Bradshaw is still prancing around on TV.Credit: Instagram @felicityhaywardcurvemodelFelicity Hayward is a master when it comes to setting up a shot. Just look at her location, it’s the ideal backdrop for this bombshell moment. She’s got the right nude nails, blush phone case and pooling silk wrap dress to ensure this is no girlish folly. This is the grown-up way to wear pink.Credit: Instagram @salemmitchellPretend it’s 2001 and J.Lo has just released Aint It Funny, now dress like it. Buy a tracksuit – preferably Juicy, but Primark will do – add some Air Max’s and a boob tube and you’re ready for the school dance, sorry weekend. Let Salem Mitchell teach you.Credit: Instagram @thenativefoxYou know how your parents would joke, is that a skirt or a belt. Well, for starters ignore them and then leave both skirt/belt at home because, as Jennifer Grace shows, you don’t need either. Dress like a lampshade and go heavy on the top half with an oversized hoodie and tapered on the legs with thigh high boots. The fit of the boots balances out the weightiness of the sweater, and the saccharine hue stops it looking raunchy. Sold.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We might have had all our sun for the year over the bank holiday, but it’s going to take more than a stiff breeze and a few drizzles to put me off buying new Swimwear. It’s holiday booking season, and if I have to look at endless Instagram’s of people’s holiday countdowns (111 days till Marbella with the girlies- can’t wait for some sun! Gonna go OFF!!) then I will at least endure by buying a new statement swimming costume.Uniqlo are launching their first swimwear collection, as part of the Uniqlo U collaboration, led by former Hermes designer Christopher Lemaire. Lemaire’s effortlessly chic styles fly off the shelves, and this collection is the coolest swimwear we’ve seen so far. The range comes in four different minimalist styles, and four different statement colours- khaki, black, rust and blood orange red. You can choose from a bandeau or crop top with brief style bottoms, plus two statement costumes, a scoop neck or off the shoulder one piece.The crop top bikini is very Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian, while the scoop neck costume is much more Kendall and Bella Hadid. The best part? You can get Kardashian and co holiday vibes on a budget. The price range is from £12.95 to £29.90 and are available on the 24th of April in-store and online.Out are the days when you look for the wackiest print for your bikini top, this Summer is the year of minimalist swimwear and Uniqlo are leading the trend with this super chic collection.Liked this? You might also be interested in:The Key Piece Everyone Is Buying From Urban OutfittersSami Miro Successfully Rebranded Coachella FashionIntroducing The £8.99 Lip Lacquer That Will Change Your LifeFollow Georgia on Twitter @GeorgiaAspinallThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Today marks the Queen's 91st birthday. And yes, this is just the first celebration, as she will celebrate her second official birthday on June 10.Queen Elizabeth II has become something of a fashion icon, with her signature style defined by bold primary colours and pearl necklaces, always teamed with the classic black court heel.We all know that she isn't afraid to inject some rainbow brights into wardrobe (think fuschias, emerald greens and the occasional saffron), yet Her Majesty always looks so elegantly poised and every inch of the model of royal decorum.To mark this joyous occasion we have rounded up Her Royal Highness' most stylish ensembles throughout the ages - trust us, when we say there were a lot to choose from...Happy Birthday Queen Elizabeth II...Credit: GettyThe Queen wearing all green for her first annual garden party of 2011.queen outfits - Grazia2of13The Queen wearing all green for her first annual garden party of 2011.The Queen and Prince Philip attending the wedding of Prince Pavlos to Marie Chantal Miller.Queen Elizabeth ll arrives at Aberdeen Airport with her corgis to start her holidays in Balmoral, Scotland in 1974.Queen Elizabeth ll on a visit to New Zealand as part of her Silver Jubilee Year Tour in 1977.Queen Elizabeth II in caftan style dress for a party at the Royal Windsor Horse Show in 2006.Queen Elizabeth II on the first day of Royal Ascot Races in 2007. The Queen wore all red when visiting RAF Marham in 2008.Queen Elizabeth II during a state visit to South Africa in March 1995. The Queen, complete with matching umbrella, visits the new National Tennis Centre in London 2007.Queen Elizabeth II on the balcony of Government House, Melbourne, during her tour of Australia in March 1954.The Queen with a group of local children during her state visit to Mexico, 1975.The day before her 90th birthday, Queen Elizabeth II opens the new Bandstand at Alexandra Gardens. Queen Elizabeth II on her way to unveil a statue of herself in Canada, 2010 READ MORE: The Queen Marks her 90th Birthday With Annie Leibowitz PortraitsREAD MORE: Prince George Gets His First Stamp For The Queen's 90th BirthdayREAD MORE: This Is Why Kate And Wills Don't Hold Hands In Public© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Bear with me, let’s all travel back in time. The year is 2002, Destiny’s Child is still together, and you can get away with boot-cut jeans, a bandana and hoop earrings without judgement. After successfully graduating from Mickey Mouse Club, Britney Jean Spears was ready for her next venture: the big screen. Namely, a career-defining road trip movie called Crossroads. As an unapologetic Britney fan, I feel disloyal discussing any aspect of this film that doesn't involve her, but the movie had a mega-watt cast, including Zoe Saldana, Taryn Manning, Dan Akroyd, Jamie Lynn Spears (as baby Britz) and Kim Cattrall. Also, worth noting, the screenplay was written than none other than Grey’s Anatomy’s Shona Rhimes. Mix a bit of Shonda, a splash of Saldana and a Spears-sung soundtrack together, and you get the makings of one of a classic piece of cinema history. Let’s take a look.What one wardrobe staple defined the early noughties? Wait, don’t answer that. It’s too obvious. Spaghetti strap tops. Everyone had one, even Justin Timberlake’s beau at the time.What goes best with a bold, turquoise eyeshadow? Lip gloss, durr.Rihanna may have ironically reintroduced our wardrobes to the bucket hat in recent times, but that won’t stop us stanning for Britney in her Burberry check trimmed headwear. This was the age before high school movies featured 30-year-olds dressed in designer garms, this is Britney being all of us at age 18 (AKA dorkier than we’d like to admit).In 2002 there was no way you didn't own a pair of hoops and at some point thought a bandana was the multitasking accessory than your wardrobe needed. But, things have moved on, and we’ve learnt the error fo our ways. But, wait, have we? Taryn Manning’s giving us serious food for thought for bad hair days right now.The scene: After a barely legal Mimi (Taryn Manning) has a nervy b on stage her best friend and valedictorian with a penchant for hard math, Lucy (Britney) takes hold of the mic and wows the crowd with a poptastic cover of I Love Rock’n’Roll. The moment is unforgettable, not least because of Britney’s crimped hair and Zoe Saldana’s lion handkerchief top.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The weather has started to get a little warmer, Coachella is on everyone’s minds, it was the talk of fashion week – whatever the reason, and trust us there are many, there is one trend that everyone is beelining to at Urban Outfitters. As it turns out the most popular search term on their UK and the European websites, as well as the top sold product of last week has one thing in common: embroidery. We’re not talking grandma’s slaved over handiwork, no this is renegade decoration for the girl who likes to dance all night at festivals and finds her pillow covered in glitter on a Sunday morning.  It lifts inspiration from Valentino and Dior and nods at the burgeoning '80s milieu washing over SS17. Three out of the ten best sellers on their website were all tops elaborately decorated with floral designs. Don’t believe us? Just take a look at Instagram, everyone is wearing it. Excuse us, while we just go browse Urban Outfitters. THE most gorgeous top I've ever owned 🌷🌹🌸🌿 @urbanoutfitterseuA post shared by  Isabella Thordsen (@isabellath) on Apr 14, 2017 at 1:59am PDT Obsessed with the floral embroidered details 💐🌺🌷🥀🌸 #uoonyou #ootd #urbanoutfitters #details #fbloggerA post shared by  Monica Barleycorn 🌻 (@monicabarleycorn) on Apr 8, 2017 at 10:31am PDTLiked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sami Miro – notably Daily Mail famous for her friendship with Selena Gomez and her past tryst with Zac Efron – is to thank for this new breed of Coachella style. Known as the ‘Queen of Vintage’, Sami has made a career of thrifting gems and then refashioning them into one-of-a-kind modern pieces. Think: sheer bodysuits with denim patches (as modelled by Hailee Steinfeld), shorn jean jackets (favoured by Kendall Jenner) and motocross coats (like the one Hailey Baldwin has).Sami’s enviable black book of famous fans was the ticket to Coachella’s rebrand. There was an army of celebrities – including Sofia Richie, Ashley Tisdale, Poppy Delevigne, Caroline Vreeland and Kendall Sargent dressed in her pieces at the festival's first of two weekends. She told The Debrief: 'There's never a day that I don't wear what makes me happy on the inside. And sometimes to my demise, I'm not a fan of themed festivities which is why I never understood the bohemian festival look. Androgyny is also in right now and a huge part of my style, so the girlie boho look had to go. I'm thrilled the masses are catching on to that and thrilled so many influential, stylish people are representing Sami Miro Vintage!'Typically speaking, fest-fashion has become a little staid - it’s so bogged down in tie dye that it was a breath of fresh air to see Sami’s denim and motocross crew dancing in the Palm Springs sun last weekend.Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since we first learnt that girls-of-the-moment Suki Waterhouse and Poppy Jamie were launching their debut accessories line, we haven't stopped double-tapping each and every pastel pink snap shared on their Instagram page.And the friends' first foray into accessories has proven popular, as the likes of Lena Dunham and Emily Ratajowski are notable fans of the 'It' line.And now, the friends are set to launch their second collection later this week. For the new spring/summer '17 campaign, the girls teamed up with director Samuel Douek."The set was inspired by the three pillars of the brand: Best Friendship, Versatility, and Customization," Poppy explained. "Drawing upon our brand's strong existing minimal pink aesthetic, the set comprises of three large and three small travel trunks as well as a frame system that's coated in hot pink and two transportable stair units."And what can we expect from the girls this season?The camera bag is set to launch in three new hues; lilac, white and bluebell. The brand is also introducing a larger bag, which will prove useful come summer. You'll even be able to personalise your bag with a name, special message or emojis. Yes, seriously.Watch the exclusive new campaign film below:READ MORE: Suki Waterhouse And Poppy Jamie On Friendship And Partnering With Bumble BFF© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget Facebook milestones, your underwear drawer is the ultimate marker of life’s big moments. It’s seen you graduate from a trainer bra to your first sexy set. It hid your first thong from your mum and it shields the world from your period pants. A delve in my top drawer is more revealing than going through my diary as you’re sure to find something that will embarrass me beyond belief. Understandably, no one feels sentimental about their pants, but if you take a second to think about all the different types of knickers you’ve ever worn we swear you’re feel a pang of nostalgia. Whether you’re willing to admit to it or not, you probably own these 18 underthings…As reliable as Tinder at finding you a date, but equally unreliable at finding you Mr Right.Every single woman owns a pair (or seven). These are instantly recognisable by the fact they are super comfy, offer full-coverage and are usually black (for obvious reasons).Probably purchased at Tammy Girl or La Senza, they were your first conception of ‘sexy’ and probably haven’t had an outing in years.In the knicker world, this is as obviously designer as most of your pants get. Feasibly, you could get this pair for half the price at M&S, but it wouldn’t have that logo waistband.Save for special occasions (or when knickers and bra washdays coincide).Most likely brought with your mates at an inappropriately young age on a day out to Victoria’s Secrets, but also most likely worn the night you had that impromptu one night stand that never called back.The best thing that ever happened to you and your wardrobe right up until the moment your dress does a Marilyn Monroe in the wind.Never ever worn on the correct days, but that doesn’t matter as they are still cute AF.Not worn since 2011, mostly because their wedgie potential is through the roof.You’ll never remember that thiisss is the bra with the wire poking out until it’s too late and you’re on the bus to work.Perfect when worn as a top to Bestival, less ideal when worn under a t-shirt.It was advertised to you as the ultimate solution to wearing a bra with difficult dresses as you can transform it from strapless to razorback at the flip of a strap, but TBH you’ve never actually changed it from the regular formation.Your go-to for everything from HIIT class to hitting the track, it’s a ready-set-sweat necessity.Cute when you’re half naked, but less so when you find yourself smoothing down the lace layers while pulling up your trousers. Annoyingly, these are always handwash only.While rarely reliable we’ll always remain hopeful that this is the answer to our problems.Mums always love a good bargain, and that mantra has trickled down – for better or worse – to your wardrobe.Trust us, you ain’t kidding anyone as those plastic straps can be seen from Mars.Fun fact: a girl I knew use to wear two at once – she claims it was for support, but we all knew the real reason…Liked this? You might also be interested in:It’s Legit OK To Wear Knock-Offs Now14 Kitten Heels That Are Anything But DowdyThe 11 Pieces That Will Make You Rethink WarehouseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No two words scare the living daylights out of women more than swimwear shopping. Whether it's the inevitable lack of tan or bright unflattering changing room light, trying on swimwear is a traumatic task.If you’re looking to purchase some new swimwear for an upcoming holiday, our biggest piece of advice would be: start early. We’ve all been there, searching the slim pickings in the sale section while panic buying bikinis at the end of August - not fun in the slightest. Instead, get ahead of the game, and make your beachwear purchases now when the shops are stuffed full of the good stuff.If the task seems overwhelming, panic not as we’ve searched high and low for the best swimwear. Whether you’re after a classic triangle bikini, a sporty swimsuit, or maybe a retro high waisted two-piece, we can guarantee we’ll have found something for your shape and style.Firstly, if you want to give your swimwear a 2017 update, these are the trends to look out for. For shopping picks, scroll to the bottom to check out our edit.Striped swimwear may not be groundbreaking but it’s a perennial trend for a reason. Supremely flattering with a nautical feel, stripes and swimwear go together like strawberries and cream. Keep it classic with a navy and white combo or for a SS17 twist look for ice cream shades, as seen at Solid and Striped. Just don’t forget the rules of optical illusion: vertical stripes are slimming and horizontal stripes are widening.Images: @solidandstriped, @seafollySince Kiini’s crochet bikinis took Instagram by storm a few summers ago, this colourful seventies material has popped up time and time again. Ideal for embracing your inner bohemian, the crochet bikini is not just a beach option but makes perfect festival attire when layered with a sheer blouse and shorts.Images: @kiini, @bambaswimHands up if you’ve bought a gingham garment of late? You can’t move on the high street for gingham pieces and naturally this checked print has now progressed into the world of swimwear. Whether you opt for a bikini or one-piece, the monochrome pattern makes a chic option for poolside lounging - simply accessorise with an oversized hat and a wicker basket for ultimate French Riviera cool.Images: Reformation, @ascenoFeminine details have been all over the catwalks in past seasons and unsurprising they are now a big swimwear trend too. From bikinis with ruffle trims to peplum adorned swimsuits, there’s a ruffle option for everyone.  Go all out with a tropical floral print or keep it simple with a block colour.Images: @marahoffman, @hunza.gWhether you opt for a streamlined one-piece or a ruffled bikini, off-the-shoulder swimwear is guaranteed to score you style points.  Plus, if you're worried about your wide shoulders this a great flattering shape to go for.Images: @lisamariefernandez, @solidandstripedFor a retro feel choose playful bow or knot details. Make a sartorial statement with contrasting oversized bows on bikinis or swimsuits with tie up straps.Images: @Roxana, PinterestSee our favourtie swimwear pieces in the gallery below:Crochet bikinis needn't break the bank, this affordable option from Topshop taps this trend at a wallet friendly price. Crochet bikini, £42, Topshopgrazia swimwear gallery 20172of12Crochet bikinis needn't break the bank, this affordable option from Topshop taps this trend at a wallet friendly price. Crochet bikini, £42, TopshopLooking for a classic option? This bargain striped bikini should do the trick. Striped bikini, £22, H&MWho said red and pink don't go together? Eschew style rules with this bold cossie.  Pink and red knotted swimsuit, £25.99, ZaraA pretty tropical print, perfectly accesorised with a pina colada. Printed one-shoulder swimsuit, £45, & Other StoriesThis palm print one-piece is an Instagrammer's dream. Tropical swimsuit, £55, TopshopCalling all pineapple fans - this 'it' motif is now available in bikini form, and ideal for tropical beach days. Pineapple bikini, £23, MonkiThe dancing lady emoji in bikini form? Yes please. Red frilled bikini, £23.98, New LookShun nautical stripes and embrace an unusual colour palette - we love this blush pink, teal, white and black pattern.  Striped bikini, £160, Solid & StripedGingham needn't be monochrome as this fun technicolour bikini proves. Gingham bikini, £270, Mara HoffmanJust add a pair of oversized cat-eye sunnies for an elegant poolside lounging look. Ruffle one shoulder swimsuit, £445, Lisa Marie FernandezRosie Huntington-Whiteley debuts the hottest swimwear line for M&S - and we want everything. This black option is the perfect all-rounder to take you from beach to bar (just pair with your favourite denim shorts). Gold foil deep plunge swimsuit, £55, M&SSuper flattering? Hugs your body? And that bow? Not cheap, but so worth it. 'Bette' swimsuit, £120, Hunza G READ MORE: Swimming Costumes Have Had A Sexy Makeover And We've Got The ProofREAD MORE: 7 Ultimate Coachella Fashion Clichés And How To Avoid ThemREAD MORE: Straw Bags: The Accessory You Need This Spring© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re still not quite over Calvin Klein’s previous campaign, which featured the all-male cast of Oscar-winning film, Moonlight. But now, the lingerie brand has launched a second spring/summer ’17 advertisement for women.Shot by film director Sofia Coppola, the black and white series features women handpicked for being ‘smart, cool and authentic’. The campaign, entitled ‘Calvin Klein Or Nothing At All’, celebrates women of all ages, as 73-year-old Lauren Hutton plays muse to the lingerie brand.Other female starlets who made the cut include Rashida Jones, Maya Hawke, Chase Sui Wonders and Kirsten Dunst.“I just put together some of my favourite girls,” Sofia Coppola explained. “I thought it was so cool to see women from 18 to 70 in this playful, sexy way.”She continued: “I wanted cool, smart women. And I was very proud that we had two Harvard graduates in our group. They have real bodies. And I think they relate to me, and to the camera, in a different way - they’re not so much like goddesses; they’re more approachable.”See more of the campaign over on Calvin Klein's website.READ MORE: The 'Moonlight' Cast Star In Calvin Klein's Latest Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Being one of the best-dressed people at a festival runs in Lottie Moss’s blood. After all, as the younger half-sister of top model Kate, she’s inherited a knack for pulling together chic but practical outfits that will take her from Glastonbury to Coachella.Like her big sister, she favours a boho look, describing her style as ‘rock chick meets bohemian,’ with a penchant for the latest Converse (she loves the dusty pink ones), off-the-shoulder crop tops (the one she’s wearing today is from Topshop) and a ton of accessories including anklets, chokers and necklaces, plus her faithful sunnies and a little pouch bag to keep all of her belongings in (water and suncream are her two essentials).A Glastonbury veteran, this is Lottie’s first Coachella, and she’s come prepared – with two suitcases of clothes (one with just Converse). ‘I went to Glastonbury last year so I can see the contrast with Coachella. For a start, there’s palm trees! The weather’s nicer here, and people care a lot more about their fashion. Everyone here coordinates their outfits, they are up early – at Glastonbury some people just wear the same outfit for four days straight. It’s quite nice to get this dressed up – and not to wear wellies – I don’t miss coordinating all of my outfits to go with them.’So without further ado, here are Lottie’s 5 top tips for the perfect festival wardrobe.Prepare, prepare, prepare. ‘I hate it when you’re trying to put stuff together and you realise, ‘that doesn’t go with that’. You need coordinated outfits.’Think practicality over trends. ‘It doesn’t matter how good you want to look, if it’s completely impractical it will ruin your time – you can’t wear heels to a festival, even if you might like to! How do you walk around all day in those? My feet would be in pieces!’It’s the perfect excuse for a new wardrobe. ‘I went on a shopping spree and got so much stuff before coming to Coachella. I haven’t brought any of my old summer stuff – all new outfits. I came really over-prepared which is good so I’ve got loads of choices.’Don’t forget layers. ‘I’ve seen a lot of girls in England wearing the skimpiest crop tops and tiniest shorts and they haven’t brought a jacket for when it gets cold at night. Always bring a jacket!’Have fun and experiment with your look. ‘I loved Kylie Jenner’s hair from last year – I’d really like to do that with a wig and all different coloured hair. I’ll definitely do it next year when I’m a bit more with it. You’d have to prep months in advance to get the wig made, but it would be really fun and totally worth it.’READ MORE: 7 Coachella Fashion Clichés And How To Avoid ThemREAD MORE: Everything You Need To Know About Coachella© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember when you were a child and the ultimate status symbol was sharing one of those ‘best friend’ heart-shaped necklaces with your bestie? Well, the grown-up version is finally here, courtesy of accessories brand Pop&Suki, whose pastel-hued camera bags have proven a hit with the likes of Emily Ratajwoksi, Jessica Alba and Lena Dunham.Co-founded by real-life BFFs Suki Waterhouse and Poppy Jamie, their latest collection is a collaboration with the dating app Bumble, whose BFF feature connects like-minded girls looking for new friends – whether you have recently moved to a different city or just want to meet interesting people. The small yellow cross-body bags come in a pair – with one saying ‘Bumble’ on the bottom and the other saying ‘BFF’. Pretty sweet, right?We caught up with the duo on the Bumble BFF shoot in Los Angeles to find out what makes the perfect BFF, what they’d steal from each other’s wardrobes and whether or not they’d ever put guys before their girlfriends…Grazia: How did the collaboration between Bumble BFF and Pop&Suki come about?Poppy Jamie: We love female-founded companies and we are such a fan of Whitney’s (Wolfe, the CEO of Bumble), she’s a real inspiration to us. We love everything that Bumble BFF stands for – that is connecting girls, especially because we both met in LA when we were pretty lonely, so we totally understand what it’s like to be in a new city and not have any girlfriends, so to work with a platform that allows friendship to blossom is pretty amazing.Grazia: Why do you think it’s a good fit for Pop&Suki?Poppy: I think it goes hand-in-hand because our brand celebrates female friendship, girls working with girls, best friends doing it for each other – Pop&Suki has given me more friendship than anything else ever. And we hope that the girls that are able to find each other on Bumble BFF will be able to enjoy some of the perks that come with finding an epic girl in the world.Grazia: What do you think makes a good BFF?Suki Waterhouse: Being able to feel your friend out and having that almost otherworldly sense of what’s going on with them that day. Especially with us working together, sometimes I’m probably annoying but Poppy knows what to do. Like if I hate my hair, she’ll just grab a hairbrush and attack it, she’s taking initiative to deal with the problem!Poppy: I feel like listening honestly is the best.Suki: Yeah, like being there to pick up the phone. I get stressed if I can’t pick up her phone calls and I know she does too.Poppy: Yes definitely, I think something’s wrong if I see a missed call. I need to know what’s going on!Grazia: What are your favourite things about each other?Poppy: I could go on and on about my favourite things about Suki. She’s so much fun, but she’ll also fight for me. If anyone is ever mean to me she’s like ‘that’s unacceptable! I’m going to tell them!’ to have a warrior fighting your corner is so nice.Suki: Poppy is just the kindest person I’ve ever met with such a good soul. Not a bad bone in her body, pretty rare to come across.Poppy: People say great marriages or relationships are when you are a team, and I feel like I get that from Suki.Suki: We also support each other’s ventures as well.Grazia: What’s your favourite thing about each other’s style?Poppy: I’ve never known somebody that pulls off causal so well. Suki looks so good in jeans, a t-shirt, trainers, pyjamas… whereas I feel like I have to do everything to get the best out of myself.Suki: Poppy does a good gym kit with some fluffy plimsolls.Grazia: If you had to borrow one item out of each other’s wardrobe what would it be?Poppy: I would want to borrow Suki’s amazing Stella McCartney jumper but I think she’s lost it…Suki: Didn’t you borrow that?Poppy: Haha. I also love her Jimmy Choo trainers…Suki: In fact, I think I’ve lost both things you like – I’ve lost those trainers too… I just went upstairs to Poppy’s room and I know there are loads of my clothes around there too. I’ve got such beady eyes. I did a quick scan and saw some leggings actually. My scanning radar is so good.Grazia: What are your tips for keeping in touch with people that live in different cities?Poppy: I think always call someone. It doesn’t matter what time they’re on, they might be awake.Suki: I really enjoy a group chat. I have a sibling’s one, a family WhatsApp.Grazia: How do you make new friends when you’ve moved to a different place?Suki: Get up, go out and say yes all the time. I actually love going to stuff on my own, I’ve done it a lot. I’ve done that a lot where I’ve gone out to meet someone I’ve met once or a friend of a friend. I actually did it the other day in New Orleans on Mardi Gras, went out without my phone and $20, made loads of friends.Poppy: I think it’s so easy to get social anxiety in these situations but you need to make yourself do it. Ask friends to put you in contact with people that they know.Grazia: Poppy, you’ve got an initiative called ‘Happy, not Perfect’. How do you think that mantra feeds into friendship?Poppy: I think if you’re not kind to yourself it can be very difficult to be a good friend. I think you can easily exhaust friendships, when actually you need to be nurturing yourself too. Everyone has ups and downs and struggles and you need to be aware of the struggles your friends might be going through too. Little things make such a difference, like waking up and thinking about what’s going on in your friend’s life and sending them a message about it – wishing your friend luck in an interview or an audition.Suki: Someone said to me the other day about the people that predicted the world would end in 2012 and the friends that stood by them when they were proven wrong. That’s a really good friend – someone that stands next to you after you’ve had a bit of a battering.Poppy: A good friend sticks by you through thick and thin.Grazia: Do you think friends should come before boys?Poppy: You know what, no! If my friend wants to go on a date and wants to cancel on me, cancel babe. I’m not like that. I am your cheerleader.Suki: One thing I don’t like is when friends get annoyed with you about cancelling if something else pops up.Poppy: I hate when friends make you feel guilty.Suki: I do think in terms of men, I’d rather download my day with my friend than with a boyfriend.Poppy: Your girls never leave you – you never break up with a good girlfriend.Grazia: Who’s the Pop&Suki girl?Suki: At our recent pop up we met our customers, which was great. We had mothers come in with their children, teenagers, it’s a real mix of ages because it’s really a very simple bag.Poppy: Minimal and versatile. I’d love to think of her as a character, a girl who likes to have fun, who likes to go on adventures – the bag lends itself to that.Grazia: What’s your proudest achievement to date?Suki: Our first party. We did it in a diner with Ellen von Unwerth taking photos.Poppy: We walked in and their were Pop&Suki milkshakes, Pop&Suki French fries.Suki: It’s when we’ve all come together as a team and we see everything finally happen.Poppy: Our first office was amazing too – this beautiful pastel pink office.Suki: Oh yeah, that totally blew me away.You and your best friend can win the Bumble BFF bags by Pop&Suki by entering the competition on our Instagram page. Just keep an eye out for our post and tag your bestie to win. Good luck!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Over the weekend, the most star-studded festival of the celebrity calendar took place. Coachella, of course. And A-listers donned their greatest sartorial get-ups in preparation to be Instagrammed left, right and centre. Whether they were attending an exclusive party or gearing up to watch this year's headliners...And we couldn’t stop ourselves from excessively scrolling through every ‘squad’ snap, example of festival PDA (we're looking at you Selena) and envy-inducing Insta-story. But we weren’t the only ones keen to see what everyone was up to, as fashion giant Lyst has reported that our weekend shopping habits were inspired by some famous faces.Whether it was Sofia Richie's nod to retro athleisure or Kylie Jenner's everchanging locks, we round up the four 'It' items inspired by the first festival of the season:Rihanna undoubtedly stole the crown for the most Instagrammable look of the year so far. Decked in a bejewelled bodysuit by Gucci, the singer captioned her snap with the admittedly relatable line, 'I can’t go home yet, cuz enough people ain’t seen my outfit'.The singer finished the look with a graphic tee by the brand of the moment. On Saturday, search for the Gucci t-shirt increased by 203 percent.Girl of the moment Sofia Richie is the go-to muse when it comes to all things athleisure. And this festival season, was no exception. Instagram’s muse took to the social media platform to debut her Coachella look.Opting for a white bralet and Reebok windsuit, the 18-year-old demonstrated how to sport the trend this season. And Sofia didn’t go unnoticed, as her nod to athleisure sparked a 74 percent increase in searched for Reebok tracksuits over the weekend.If there’s one celebrity we can rely on to update us with her seemingly endless outfit changes, it’s Kylie Jenner. And last weekend, was no exception. Before attending her sister’s Bumble party in snakeskin co-ords, the 19-year-old donned a nude mini dress with a neon yellow chop.And it seems her Instagram snaps sparked interest, as over 23,000 people searched for a similar barely-there look on Lyst over the weekend.It seems this season, we’re all about retro frames. Just take a look at Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez and Sofia Richie for instance.There’s not a day goes by when the A-listers aren’t donning noughties-inspired tinted sunnies. And thanks to Coachella, there was a 333 percent jump in searches for round frames in particular. Make sure the sunnies snap up the top spot on your wish lists this season.READ MORE: 7 Ultimate Coachella Fashion Clichés And How To Avoid ThemREAD MORE: The Best Celebrity Instagrams From Coachella© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Between the canapes and the champagne, weddings are pricey affairs. So, no judgement from us if you don’t want to mainline the credit card for every expense. And, with so many of our favourite high street stores now offering bridal options (looking at you Topshop, ASOS and Whistles) this seems like the logical corner to cut. But, the big question (other than the one you answer ‘I do’ to) does it look cheap? I mean, we had other questions too, like how does it fit? How does it photograph? Does it look like a standard high street dress? Step this way for all the answers…We tried on the most popular gown from Whistles’ new bridal collection. It’s an off-the-shoulder ivory lace dress called the ‘Rose’, and it costs a whopping £599, which in perspective is still cheaper than the average wedding dress (in case you’re wondering that's £1,385!).It’s a warm ivory tone, which is kinder on most complexions than stark white. And, it photographs as a creamy tone thanks to the slip underneath that gives the colour added depth. It has an A-Line cut, which means it flows from a nipped in waist. The front hem is raised ever so slightly, while the train pools on the floor, so if you pick this frock make sure you’ve thought about shoes as they will 100% be on show. The Bardot neckline is trimmed with a delicate scalloped lace.This dress is lined, which means static isn’t an issue and that the lace doesn't feel too fragile. It also drapes delicately and fits like a dream. I tried on a size 8 and it didn’t need alterations. While you can’t see it, the back is tapered to ensure the neckline and sleeves stay in place and beneath its lacy shell, the body has a bonded bodice.OK, I'm no expert having never been married or picked a wedding dress before, but this isn't your standard Whistles gown. The lace looks expensive (up close and far away). It's a very feminine design, one that would fit someone with more curves than I, but that didn't really matter because it has the wow effect whatever your figure.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It all started back in autumn/winter ’13. Cast your minds back to when Céline introduced the cult accessory of the season, the plaid shopper. Within minutes, the fashion crowd recognised the familiar print and called the French fashion house out for taking inspiration from the everyday laundry bag. Yes, seriously.The hefty tote we used to bag for a mere couple of pounds, was now being sold for over £1,000. Who knew our grandmother was so on trend?Then take Vetement’s ‘It’ tee of the season. Only the French powerhouse could influence the fashion crowd to invest £185 into a t-shirt emblazoned with the ‘DHL’ logo.And now, Balenciaga has challenged its rivals by seeking inspiration from one of our most cherished stores. Yes, the unmistakably blue 40p carrier from Ikea played muse for the brand’s latest drop.Balenciaga has introduced the Arena Extra-Large Shopper Tote, a new accessory which boasts a similar handle and same striking hue as the Swedish homeware giant's carrier.  The only difference? The designer equivalent will set you back £1,705.But they say imitation is the greatest form of flattery and Ikea’s sales leader Stella Monteiro admitted to Today: “We are extremely flattered to seemingly be an inspiration for the latest catwalk designs for Balenciaga."He continued: "Our Ikea Frakta tote is one of our most iconic products which are already owned and loved by millions - now many people truly can get the designer look for less.”Balenciaga has yet to comment.READ MORE: 15 Items To Covet Ahead Of Weekday's London LaunchREAD MORE: Reformation Is Here To Solve All Of Your Holiday Woes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever heard of the expression ‘100% real fake’? It was the war cry of the brand Shirt NYC, which this past weekend in New York debuted the ultimate sportswear label mash-up. Something akin to what Duchamp might have done if he was around today and into fashion, Shirt NYC sold tops and slides decorated in Nike and adidas’ logos. Between Gucci’s branded tees and everyone hot footing it to Ebay to buy J’Adore Dior tees, logomania has gone to the style sets heads. And, this is case in point. That said, it was a baller move, one that was irreverent and downright suable to sell a collection that was branded with these powerhouse labels’ logos without their permission. Ironically though, it wasn’t even a particularly original move either.Cheeky Sydney-born creative Ava Nirui has made ripping off designers into an art form. By day she is a writer and photographer, but on Instagram, she is famous for creating arresting bootleg creations. She pokes fun at the sacred, untouchable aura that surrounds high fashion. Familiar brands are her trigger, but her work is conceptual. She makes Dickies mom jeans encrusted with crystals that spell out ‘Just Don’t’ with a tick and riffs on Anya Hindmarch’s crisp packet clutches by transforming a pack of Lays into a shoulder bag with a gold chain. She's refashioned Diadora’s logo to spell Christian Dior on sweatshirts and decorated an inhaler with gemstones and a Prada emblem. No brand is too precious, and no item is too mundane to be reimagined by Ava. Her handmade copies honour the brands and their heritage while mocking their precious nature.‘It’s so interesting how a tag, logo or design can change the way you view an object, garment or product (even if it isn’t authentic). To me, a bootleg can be just as rare, desirable and sought after as the real thing. I don’t necessarily seek out knock-offs (most of the objects on my Instagram are those I have created) but if I do see an interesting or unique bootleg, I’ll buy it.’ She told Dazed.She uses heritage brands as they are most familiar and recognisable in their design and iconography. She said: ‘luxury fashion is sterile, expensive and exclusive so to create luxury versions of cheap everyday objects is unrealistic therefore humorous. It’s the dramatic contrast between the high-end and the low-end. Most of the branded products I’m repurposing are completely valueless until they appear in a different context.Ava isn’t the only one making waves with her copycat concepts. The menswear designer Alexandria Louise Champion Hackett has been fashioning her own clothing out of recognisable packing. She’s made Ikea bags into a dress and bucket hat and recoded a McDonald's takeout bag into a handbag. Alexandra’s most famous piece, the one that shot her to Instagram fame and placed her image on Nike’s homepage, is a pair of made-to-order dungarees tailored out of a single Nike duffle bag and gym sack. The finishings are so slick that a quick glance and you’d just assume the sportswear brand themselves made it. But no, this is a 100% real fake and sits on the precipice between DIY art and fashion.While high-end designers still take copycat makers to court over small infractions, they have taken kindly in recent years to the eruption of cheap(ish) parody items. Remember the rise of the ‘Comme Des Fuckdown’ beanies or the t-shirt riffing on the Hermes logo that spelt out 'Homies'? The popularity of these spoof pieces and the lack of cease and desist letters questions whether they fuels or sets fire to the pedestal that keeps these high-end lines untouchable.  After all, labels like Gucci, Vetements and even to some extent Louis Vuitton and Hermes are banking buck off the back of this DIY culture.In the 1980s, Dapper Dan was a Harlem-based couturier to some of the hip-hop and the sports world's biggest hustlers. People like LL Cool J would drop by looking to invest in Dapper Dan’s brand of designer, which was flashy and statement-making not least because it was tailored out of leathers that he’d printed with fake designer logos. He hates the term ‘knock-offs’ and prefers to call his designs ‘knock-ups!’, he told Dazed. Dapper Dan may have made fakes, but they filled a logo-tastic gap that European designers weren’t catering to.When Vetements showed in spring 2016 a yellow t-shirt emblazoned with the DHL logo no-one cried fake. In fact, the t-shirt became the star of the collection and was famously worn by the shipping company’s CEO Ken Allen. While copying a brands silhouette, fabrication and concept is still conscribed as liable, in the right hands, artists and designers are now able to recontextualise logos. They are swimming through the murky waters of branding to creating a new ideology. The axis of marketing has turned and a new slate where DIY remodelling and dream designer collaborations can occur.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With Coachella in full swing and Glastonbury a matter of weeks away, it's time to start thinking about our festival wardrobes. From the unlikely 'it'-bag to the most stylish way to beat the British weather, these are the trends to buy into now (no flower crowns necessary...)The off-the-shoulder style (and its sartorial cousin, the 'cold shoulder') remains the standout neckline of this season - and it couldn't be more festival appropriate. Try a tiered dress in block colours or ditsy floral print, opt for bold stripes on an off-the-shoulder top or team the neckline with Seventies-style bell sleeves and Aztec-inspired embroidery.Worn to perfection by the likes of Gigi Hadid and Karlie Kloss, the bomber has emerged as the new trophy jacket - making it a no-brainer for early summer fixtures in the festival calendar. A military-inspired khaki style is a guaranteed winner, while the high street offers plenty of embellished numbers in statement prints. Stepping things up a notch, some Coachella festival-goers were even spotted wearing their vintage numbers upside down...Sartorially speaking, almost anything goes when it comes to festival season, meaning it's the perfect time to make a go of spring/summer's underwear-as-outerwear trend. The key piece is the simple slip dress, worn midi or maxi, patterned or plain, lacily embellished or strictly minimal. A truly versatile style, it can be styled to suit every possible sort of British weather - layered over a t-shirt, worn '90s style under a grungy oversized shirt with a choker or (if you're an optimist) accessorised with stacked jewellery.While last year saw the renaissance of the bum bag (previously the preserve of tweens and security-conscious mums on family holidays), this year we're trading in that 90s style essential for small but perfectly formed versions of another functional classic: the humble backpack, re-imagined in designer prints or pastel shades.Thanks to Saint Laurent's festival-inspired S/S'16 show last year, which saw glittering slip dresses layered under oversized, military-style coats and parkas, the camouflage jacket is as non-negotiable a piece of festival kit as dry shampoo and cut-off shorts. Both on-trend and eminently practical, it's now become a staple piece of our festival wardrobe, keeping us warm as the night goes on. Wear it with distressed denim, use it to add edge to a floral dress or go full Saint Laurent and add a tiara.Make like Selena Gomez, Kendall Jenner et al by trading in your over-sized or cat's eye frames for a pair of retro round sunglasses. A simple (and, whisper it, budget friendly) way to take your signature festival look into 2017, pair them with a nonchalant centre parting (flower crowns aren't invited to this particular party), and opt for coloured lenses if you're feeling brave...For the ultimate in effortless festival style that will still make a major statement on your Instagram feed, choose a slogan T-shirt. If you can't stretch to Gucci or Dior (or, wisely, don't fancy your designer tee being consigned to the muds of Glastonbury) check out cult Scandi brand Ganni's line (their Space Cowboy and Cherry Bomb styles were a street style staple at fashion week) or head to high street favourites like Topshop or H&M.READ MORE: How To Stack Your Jewellery Like An Instagram ProREAD MORE: Festival Buys For Under £10READ MORE: Five Boho Noughties Sienna Looks We'd Totally Wear Today© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No offence, but Warehouse is one of those highstreet stores that’s so familiar we regularly forget about it. It was always a safe bet for workwear and the odd pretty summer dress, but since Alasdhair Willis (from Hunter and husband to Stella McCartney) and Emma Cook (from her own eponymous label) stepped in last year, it’s really become the shop to watch (and buy, buy, buy from). The pair have mastered selling on-trend pieces that while right on the money with their colour palette, choice of patterns and fit somehow don’t cost the world. Just, see for yourself:Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This week her top picks include the Breton jumper with a difference, Balenciaga’s most sought after boots and the best frilled flares the high street ever did see...Show your support for the Pancreatic Cancer Research fund, by sporting this personalised jumper from Mon Breton, a collaborative project with Mandy’s Supporter’s Club. It’s the perfect gift that gives back.Stripy top for Pancreatic Cancer Research, monbreton.comI’m obsessed with these Balenciaga boots. A white boot is my staple look so I better start saving for these beauties...Square toe boots, £645, Balenciaga at brownsfashion.comSupersize your frills this season. Wear with a white tee and heels for a low key evening look.Mermaid frill flare trousers, £25, TopshopNEW BRAND ALERT. Yep, we’re in love. Every woman needs one of these in their wardrobe, trust me.Criss Cross top, £155, from HarmurAs you probably already know, I’m in love with fluffy slides. These ones are perfect for spring...Fenella Feather Sandals, £35, from TopshopI’m all about the single earring. This is an investment piece as you'll wear it everyday. Cost per wear, you get my drift...Fallen Star Hoop Earring, £215, from Sophie LisCheck out the rest of Polly's shopping picks in the gallery below:Calling all Zara fans, this is the ‘It’ bag of the season. You heard it here first. The city-to-beach straw tote has shot straight to the top of our shopping wish list. £29.99 ZaraShopping edit - April Archive - Grazia2of26Calling all Zara fans, this is the ‘It’ bag of the season. You heard it here first. The city-to-beach straw tote has shot straight to the top of our shopping wish list. £29.99 ZaraAnd just like that, we’ve bought our first sandals of the season. We’ll be donning these with supersized sleeves and a basket bag. Bring on the summer, we say! £38, NextThese are the greatest example of luxe athleisure we’ve seen to date. We’ll be teaming a box-fresh pair with a crisp shirt and black supersized flares. What better way to tackle the sartorial transition into spring? £232, PinkoThe cross-body bag is this season’s answer to the big question, how do we accessorise this spring? We’ll be opting for the mustard hue, asap. £229, Massimo DuttiJust picture this. A pinstripe supersized shirt half-tucked in these camel wide-leg trousers. Yep, they’re going straight in our shopping basket. £298, Golden Goose Deluxe Brand at matchesfashion.comAshley Williams does supersized jewels the right way. We’ll be teaming these chandeliers with a crisp white shirt and a ruffled gingham skirt. Simply finish with tightly-knotted Nike Cortez trainers. £170, Ashley WilliamsNew Look has undoubtedly upped its sartorial game this season. We’ll be teaming this slogan-emblazoned jumper with deconstructed jeans and backless loafers. £19.99, New LookSupersize your frills this season. Wear with a white tee and heels for a low key evening look.   Mermaid frill flare trousers, £25, TopshopShow your support for the Pancreatic Cancer Research fund, by sporting this personalised jumper from Mon Breton, a collaborative project with Mandy’s Supporter’s Club. It’s the perfect gift that gives back.  Stripy top for Pancreatic Cancer Research, monbreton.comI’m obsessed with these Balenciaga boots. A white boot is my staple look so I better start saving for these beauties...Square toe boots, £645, Balenciaga at brownsfashion.comSpring is the perfect season to invest in new accessories. Stack this pastel pink watch with rose gold jewellery.SKINSKIN Watch, £76 from SwatchBlue denim continues to reign the fashion charts so make sure to bag yourself a pair of distressed jeans, stat. We'll be teaming ours with a slogan-emblazoned tee and backless loafers.Ripped Mid-Rise Jeans, £29.99 from ZaraOh, we do love a good pair of mules. We'll be pairing these with a white shirt dress as soon as the sun says hello. Nude Loafer Mules, £35 from NextThe bodysuit is back. Channel the trend à la Bella Hadid and team with waist-skimming blue jeans and ankle boots. Corset Bodysuit, £45 from & Other StoriesWe think it's time for a spring clean. We plan to invest in new lingerie and have our hearts set on this lace bra from Love Stories.Love Stories Love Lace Bra, €60Ganni is our go-to brand this season and not only does it deliver must-have slogan tees but trans-seasonal shirt dresses. We'll be donning this spring dress with backless clogs and a straw bucket bag.Capella Mesh Maxi Dress, £180 from GanniThe sun has finally made an appearance so why not invest in some new sunnies this season? Ellie Small Round Sunglasses, £69 from WhistlesThere will be marabou feathers on your clothes and accessories this season in ode to Prada’s spring/summer ‘17 catwalk collection. So add a spring to your step with these Zara numbers. £29.99 from Zara.Did we mention that supersized earrings are having a big moment? Maybe once or twice... But these hammered gold-plated number are at the top of our wish list RN. Just imagine them teamed with a cold shoulder blouse. £225 from Net-A-Porter.Levi jeans will never go out of fashion, and this season we have our eyes set on the zip-up numbers. We'll be teaming them with a slogan-emblazoned tee and box-fresh trainers. £330 from Browns Fashion.Everyone is sporting athleisure RN. Yep, it's the trend that keeps on giving. We cannot wait to add these retro kicks to our ever-growing trainer collection... £170 from JD Sports.H&M is fast becoming the high street's favourite, and now the Swedish brand has us lusting over these must-have silk trousers. We'll be teaming them with the matching wrap-around blazer and backless loafers. £79.99 from H&M.Flowers for spring may not be 'groundbreaking', but this dress is certainly making the case for seasonal print. We'll be teaming ours with box-fresh trainers and a leather biker. £228 from The Kooples. This cool collab has seen sunglasses supremo Illesteva team up with actor-turned-author Rashida Jones to create shades that will benefit the American Civil Liberties Union. It’s a win, win situation. $300 from Illestev.Orange is the new yellow. We'll be investing in this fruity blouse ASAP. It's sure to inject colour into our monochrome work wardrobe... £39.50 from M&S.This season’s ‘box bag’ is going straight to the top of the lust list. It’s the perfect shade of ginger helping you accessorise into the next season with ease. £1590 from Alexander McQueen.White jeans, yes it’s time ladies... Wear yours with a grey knit and kitten heel mules for a super chic look.Raey Wide-Leg Jeans, £145 from MATCHESFASHION.COMEveryone is wearing yellow lens sunnies right now, and this pair from Karen Walker are a winner.Love Hangover Marigold Sunglasses, £160 from Karen WalkerOh my, I’m so into this silver top wear with slouchy black jeans and strappy barely there heels for the perfect evening look.Agata Top, £474 from IRO ParisREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street...DressesREAD MORE: A Saturday In The Life Of An Off-Duty Shopping EditorREAD MORE: The Spring Workwear Trends You Need In Your Wardrobe© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I was once like you, a doubter of kitten heels. I believed that they were the reserve of Theresa May, of grandmothers and those that couldn’t hack a high heel. Typically coming it at just under 2 inches in height they never kick it like a stiletto or have the balletic elegance of a flat. But, this season, courtesy of Balenciaga and Miu Miu, fashion is reconsidering awkward, odd shapes and colours. Things that were once obtuse suddenly seem interesting, like the kitten heel. Plus, they are the perfect height for showing off those Vetements-lite frayed edge jeans everyone is wearing. And, they are so comfortable you won’t even notice you’ve spent a day stomping around town in them. I get it, they are polarising, but if you want a shoe that you can wear day-in-day-out without getting blisters and that’s smarter than a sneaker then open your mind to these…Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion trends come and go at such a rate that you’d have to be an Olympic athlete to catch up. But, the trick is to find the shapes that work on your body and integrate the hottest shade or the print-to-have via them. My advice: don’t try and do it all at once. Experiment with a fluted sleeve here or a ruffle there, and you’ll be dead set for victory.Forever 21, Plus Size Floral Wrap Dress, £22I am not usually a fan of wrap dresses because I feel like they always put plus size people in them and just assume they are flattering. That said, I like this one, a lot! It’s not just because the bright pattern and colouring are pretty, but because of the shape it gives my body. With the back hem a little longer than the front it’s immediately much more flattering. And, this frock is really versatile – I’d wear it to a summer party, a barbeque, a wedding, anything!Forever 21, Plus Size Floral Wrap Dress, Boohoo, £18; Boohoo, Plus Jemma Tie Flute Sleeve Bodysuit, £12 This number is quite short in the leg, and the neckline is very, very low, so I layered it with a higher neck top with fluted sleeves. While I paired it with tights, I think it is an easy item for transitioning your wardrobe from winter to spring. When it gets warmer, I’ll just scrap the tights and wear it with leggings and Vans.Boohoo, Floral Dress With Ruffle Hem, £10, ASOSThis outfit and this dress, in particular, is more flattering than you’d expect and that’s because of the giant sleeves. Not only are they really on trend and proper sassy, but they mean the short length and shift silhouette is put into balance. And, it’s easy to dress it down with Vans or up, like I have, with boots. I prefer it with a heel though as it makes me feel sexy and beautiful.Boohoo, Plus Robin Vintage Wash Lace-Up Denim Jacket, £40If you haven’t realised by now, I love dresses, but to give it added oomph I have styled it with a statement oversized jacket with velvet corset ties. I love it because it makes the dress seem more on trend and it looks more expensive than it actually is. It’s proper sassy.Boohoo, Plus Danni Embroidered Swing Dress, £22I like to look good at meetings but also be really comfortable, which is hard when it’s hot, and you have to ride the tube. But, this cheesecloth material is airy and lightweight. Plus, the dress has a really beautiful detailed neckline, so it has a little something, something. I’ve worn it with Vans and leggings, so I’m not showing loads of leg in a work meeting.H&M, Short Polo-Neck Top, £7.99; ASOS, Deconstructed Midi Skirt in Gingham, £32Don’t be scared of a skirt with more ruffles than you know what to do with. I love this piece because it makes an instant statement and lets me get away with being simple with the top half. And, it transitions from cold-to-hot weather without much faff. I’ve worn it with a high neck polo to highlight my waist, but for summer a little t-shirt is all it needs.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Gracie on Instagram @**gracefvictory**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Renowned for floral cold-shoulder dresses, minimal co-ords and Instagrammable accessories, it's no wonder Reformation has amassed an A-list following.And now, the cult US brand is here to solve one of summer's greatest sartorial dilemmas. Yes, the fashion label has finally launched a swimwear line just in time for our annual getaway.And boy, it's truly something to behold.We’re talking candy-striped swimsuits, cold-shoulder gingham two-pieces and Bardot-style bikini tops Brigitte herself would be proud of.And of course, the US brand ships worldwide so we needn't worry about that minor hinderance.So stop what you’re doing and shop Grazia's favourites, asap. It’s bound to be a sell-out:Credit: ReformationDunes One Piece, $148, ReformationReformation - Grazia2of5Dunes One Piece, $148, ReformationGingham Flamingo Top, $98, ReformationVenetian One-Piece, $148, ReformationMonte Carlo Bikini Top, $98, ReformationFlamingo Bikini Top, $98, ReformationREAD MORE: The Rising International Fashion Brands To Know - And How To Shop Them From The UKREAD MORE: 15 Items To Covet Ahead Of Weekday's London Launch© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It is no secret the late, great grunge God Kurt Cobain was a style icon. So, it’s little wonder that fashion has yet to give up the ghost. If accessories are your catnip then you’ll have noticed that every other girl on Instagram has got the memo about these 90s-inspired sunglasses. A little modish, these bulbous full-framed acetate shades are a definitive nod to Kurt Cobain. Nirvana’s main man, who wore a pair by Christian Roth, made them an emblem of his androgynous, no-shits-given style. Today, the girls rolling deep in the $$$ are probably wearing the £240 White Mustang’s from Acne Studios, if not they are undoubtedly a riff on them. As long as they come equipped with round acetate frames then who cares if they cost 100 quid or £10 from Amazon? As a firm believer that shades are life – not just summer – we advise getting in on this trend now.Credit: Instagram @coradelaneyMussed up hair, old tee? No matter, just make like this season’s grunge-y style icon Kurt Cobain and make alien specs your ride-or-die.Credit: Instagram @carolabernardEveryone knows that sunglasses on and your hood up is a walking ‘do not disturb’ sign, but that wouldn’t stop us running after Carola Bernard to ask her where her sunnies are from.Credit: Instagram @andreavandallDon’t limit yourself to white or black, try a tangy lime pair. They’ll lift your look on a sunny winters day and make your tan standout come summer. We call that a win-win.Credit: Instagram @mynamesdianaDiana Veras made her sunnies the star of this chilly-day outfit with celestial stamped edges and rose-hued lens.Credit: Instagram @lauralahadenAnteros’ singer Laura Hayden makes hers pop with a cowboy scarf and studded jacket. Easy as.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion is a science as much as it’s an art. It goes in predictable cycles. And nowhere is this more true, or as easy to map out on a piece of graph paper, than with jeans.Just as what goes up must come down, what goes soft and slouchy must return at some point to structure and form. And if we’re applying Newton’s Laws to fashion (guys, I think I’m applying Newton’s Laws to fashion) then every trend must have an equal and opposite trend; in this case, the rise and rise of trainers, loafers and practical flats, being balanced out by the return of sturdy retro denim.As shoes got more forgiving, with trainers and slides being favoured over skyscraper heels, all that discomfort we used to suffer in our feet had to be displaced elsewhere. Exhibit A: the arse crack. Exhibit B: the crotch.’Amy,’ I messaged my friend and workmate a couple of months ago. ’Have you ever had pins and needles in your vagina?’ ‘God yes,’ she messaged back from the next desk, sensing my urgency and kindly resisting the urge to point out I really meant ‘vulva’. 'It’s those jeans isn’t it? Can you shake it off?' I squirmed, silently. Ow. I stood up and repositioned myself a bit. Owww. Every fidget was painful like my bits were being pincered by a denim vice. This never happened with jeggings.For something known as the ‘Mom’ jean, 2017’s denim style du jour shows a surprising lack of tenderness. Or maybe I’ve missed the point; maybe they’re meant to be reminding me of every gynaecological sacrifice my mother made to bring me into the world every time I sit down sharply on the bus? Either way, those ubiquitous high-waisted styles are making carpaccio out of my privates.Don’t get me wrong, I love the look of them. When the death knell finally sounded for stretchy denim last year, I wasted no time rushing out to source a pair of proper jeans. Serious jeans. Sturdy jeans. Jeans made from the kind of serviceable, rigid denim my 19th-Century ancestors might have worn to build a railway. After years of the ubiquitous skinnies getting continually softer and softer until they were basically just thick blue tights, this felt like a refreshing tide change. Jeans that hug you firmly and make you stand up straighter! Jeans that hoist your arse up and showcase it proudly, like a trophy cabinet! I bought two pairs – straight-cut faded mom jeans from a charity shop, and wide-leg indigo crops from Whistles.And in the mornings, they look and feel great. Snug but not too tight, they’re everything I’ve learned that jeans could be from watching old episodes of Saved By The Bell. But after lunch, something else happens. Around 2 pm they become madly uncomfortable. Pinchy. Abrasive. Like riding astride the UTI Express. I don’t know if it’s too much sitting down or the effects of eating lunch or what, but where I used to long to get home and take my bra off, now I count down the hours till my whole lower half can be (to quote Rachel from Friends’ short lived erotic writing career) liberated from its denim prison.And it isn’t just the angry vag, either – there’s also the perpetual wedgie (Levis’ much-adored Wedgie Fit Jeans are the middle school bully of the denim world), the scary lines and indentations on your hips and stomach at the end of the day and the worry that if you eat an especially big burrito you might just have to go home in an Uber with your fly undone. Look, I’m not saying non-stretch denim is the corset of our generation...but it won't take Nicole Kidman coughing blood into a hanky to send me fleeing back to lycra.So are we all secretly wincing our way through the day, am I just abnormal? Not according to Dr Juliet McGrattan GP, but I might just be more sensitive than some.'One of the issues is the size of women's labia, it varies hugely,' she tells me. 'It's not always neat and tidy and tucked away down there, and longer labia can get caught in underwear and be uncomfortable in tight clothes and stiffer fabrics. There's a rich blood and nerve supply in the labia and vulval tissues so they're pretty sensitive – which is a bonus for sex but not always for fashion!'Brilliant. After 29 years of never giving them a second thought, I can now add ‘possibly massive labia’ to my list of body hang-ups (or hang downs). But aside from making us walk to the loo like John Wayne, can uncomfortable jeans actually do real damage?Not thrush, thank God – that’s more likely to be caused by hormones than high-rise trews. 'I wouldn't advise against tight jeans unless they're causing pain, discomfort or pins and needles, in which case it's sensible to stop,' says Dr McGrattan. 'Trying to wear them in and soften the fabric with a few runs through the washing machine makes sense.'There we go then. I can keep shopping around and hope to hit on a golden waist-to-woowoo ratio, but maybe the best answer we have for how to conquer the crotch-hungry jean is the same as conquering the blister-giving shoe: you just have to keep wearing it. So for now, I’m resigned to at least another few years of cotton twill camel toe. Or hey, there are always culottes.GIFs by Mighty OakLiked this? You might also be interested in:Kate Middleton Big Earring TrendA First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAll The Clothes We Want To Wear Now From Coyote UglyFollow Lauren on Instagram @laurenbravoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Good news for brides-to-be in search of a laidback, boho gown that’ll make a statement in your wedding photos (and on the inevitable Instagram posts). Grace Loves Lace, the Australian bridal label behind Pinterest’s most pinned wedding dress of 2016, is finally launching in the UK with a London based showroom.Found in Shoreditch, East London, the brand’s first ever European showroom is set to open on April 18th – just in time for wedding season – having previously built up a cult following around the world with outposts on Australia’s Gold Coast and on California’s Venice Beach. Avoiding overly structured or restrictive styles, Grace Loves Lace is known for an effortlessly glamorous aesthetic which showcases the dramatic French lace that is a hallmark of the brand.The label was founded by Megan Ziems in 2010, after a fruitless search for the perfect wedding dress inspired her to come up with her own designs using exquisite French lace.Widely reported as the most-pinned wedding dress of last year, the brand’s ‘Hollie’ dress caught the eye of over 2.5 million Pinterest users. Described as a ‘boho beach dress,’ it featured a bodice of delicate lace teamed with spaghetti straps, a low cut back and a lightweight Italian chiffon skirt.If Grace Love Lace’s Instagram-friendly styles have piqued your interest, we’d recommend getting in touch with the brand ASAP to book an appointment (they’re reportedly being snapped up pretty quickly…) Here’s hoping that a bridesmaid collection follows soon…READ MORE: The Average Cost Of A Wedding  Dress Is Actually Quite RefreshingREAD MORE: The Best High Street Wedding Dresses© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by ClarksAs we're sure that you'll agree, Saturday is one of the best days of the week - you get to catch up with friends over a coffee, an indulgent shopping trip or a relaxing pamper session. And of course, the weekend is also the best time to show off your stylish wardrobe, which is why we've teamed up with Clarks to bring you an off-duty day in the life of a Shopping Editor - Chloe Bloch.10AM- I like to start my weekend with something active so I fight the desire to stay in bed (trust me this is hard) and head to my favourite yoga studio with workout gear and pratical hightops - nude Hidi Haze in tow. On route, I stop by my favourite deli for a green juice, a much-needed morning pick me up.12PM- Meeting friends on Broadway Market for brunch, after a long week at work this is a great chance to catch up on all the week’s gossip. I have a quick outfit change after my yoga class, so I’ll switch my lycra gymwear for jeans, a jumper and a trenchcoat.4PM- I’ll be on the go for the rest of the day, but still want to look stylish, so changing into flats is a must. My style is pretty minimal so I’ll swap my jumper for a white shirt and add white Alania Belle loafers to complete my look.Saturday afternoons provide the perfect opportunity to check out the latest exhibitions and gather inspiration for upcoming shoots. I head down to the Tate modern to see the Wolfgang Tillman’s show, then walk along the south bank and stop for a coffee and a bit of people watching.7PM- I’m a massive foodie so I love dragging my boyfriend along to the latest new restaurant opening. This week it’s Luna. I’ll add a statement earring to my look and swap my loafers for a pair of Grace Eva's, a block heel court shoe to elevate my look. When in doubt, always add a heel.9PM- Next stop my friend’s birthday drinks in east London, I kick start the night with a few cocktails think this could be a late one. Luckily, I have my loafers still in my bag so I’m all set to hit the dance floor.ClarksClarks Native 22of3ClarksClarks Clarks© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Seven years ago they were still in school, still sleeping in their mum’s houses and buying clothes with their pocket money. But, after a heap of good luck, a spoonful of talent and some carefully constructed branding, One Direction are now worth more than the Beatles. Collectively they’ve banked a knee-buckling £262 million – that’s around £50mill each FYI. As Harry Styles showed last week with the release of his first solo single, the fever pitch surrounding these boys is still deafening.Though Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson, Niall Horan, Liam Payne and Harry now have distinct personal styles and sounds it didn’t start that way. When they first met on The X Factor all those years ago they were just five boys with newly broken voices and a heck of a lot of Topman in their wardrobes. After years of boybands like Take That and N*Sync mastering the art of dressing similar, yet slyly ensuring their fans knew who was the 'cute' one, who was the 'bad boy' and which was the 'cheeky' one, 1D’s management turned their talents on these five unassuming bandmates. At peak, they were spending over £46,000 per year (!) on personal styling because it cost a lot for them to look this nonchalant. Here’s their journey from barely legal to millionaires, one image marketing decision at a time…The Biebs was top of his game in 2010 even if his voice was yet to officially drop, so what’s a hopeful boy band to do but copy him? Hence, the uniformed side sweep.While the boys still try and figure out who was the ‘babe’ and who was the ‘brains’ they created a uniform so no single bandmate would stand out.Suited and booted, Harry assumed his role as the group’s 'ladiez man'. Zayn showed he was a tortured artist in his illustrated t-shirt and wrinkled leather jacket, while Liam, Louis and Niall are still figuring out how this posing for the camera thing worked.Finally, the boys have found their personalities. Harry, charms like a boarding school boy let loose for the weekend with a popped collar Ralph Lauren polo and dangerously-low jeans. Niall nails the cheeky grin, Zayn’s artistic flair shines yet again in another illustrated tee (is there a pattern growing here?) that shows he’s in touch with his emotions, Louis solidifies himself as the one your mum warned you about with his bad boy denim jacket, while golden boy Liam wears his shirt buttoned up like the stylist told him to.Don’t they say copying is just another form of flattery? Well, if that’s the case, then these boys in their matching skinny ties, white shirts and shiny suits are obviously fawning over one another.Harry goes renegade in a pro-tofu top, Zayn disregarded the dress code altogether, but at least Niall has figured out where the camera is.Throughout his career - from his early days on stage to this picture being taken – Louis has had a thing for rolled up trousers. Don’t believe us, watch this. But, he took it to the next level at the world premiere of their film. While Louis did his thing, the others fell into character. Harry became Burberry’s little mannequin, Niall assumed the role of 'bloke you might have gone to school with', Zayn pouted like there was a Vogue Homme cover being shot and Liam tried out a banker-meets-biker look (something only GBBO's Selassi could pull off).With Zayn gone, the boys symbolically stand further apart and look literally and metaphysically ahead to their solo careers. Still the navy colour and skinny jeans dress code applied, but, finally, they’ve been allowed to self-style. Harry’s developed a bob, Niall’s got a quiff and Liam’s stolen an old man’s scarf.That is the face of someone who has ticked the stylist’s ‘please wear a suit’ box, but also shat right on it. Yes, Styles has worn a suit, a shirt and smart shoes like his bandmates, but he’s also stolen his nan’s curtains to fashion them.Harry has gone full-on rockstar in his silky Saint Laurent bomber, Liam must be heading to Coachella in that fedora, Louis looks like he spent all last night partying at The Sugar Hut while Niall has really perfected the manly ombre. No longer wearing matching outfits, their independent identities are now strong enough for their solo careers to take flight.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Structured silhouettes, elevated basics and a day-to-night monochrome palette. It's the Scandinavian recipe for sartorial success.Oh, we have spent hours in front of the mirror in an attempt to imitate the Swedish art of effortless dressing.We'll team box-fresh trainers with tailored trousers borrowed from the boy's section for work. And come evening, we'll trade in mules for chunky velcro-strap sandals. But now, we may finally have the chance to get Scandi-dressing down to a T.You needn't ever find an excuse to splurge on international shipping costs again, as the fashionable Scandinavian’s go-to store is being shipped to British shores this summer. Yes, you read that correctly. Weekday is planning to set up shop on Regent Street in August.Never heard of it? Just imagine if & Other Stories and COS had a fashion baby. Yes, it's truly something to behold.Within minutes of discovering the news, we'd curated the Scandi-Wannabe's weekly shopping list. So spare a moment to browse Grazia's best buys ahead of the grand unveiling...A similar pair from fellow Swedish giant H&M sold out instantaneously so make sure to snap up these round frames, asap. We'll be teaming ours with everything from mandarin-collared shirts to the summer one-piece. Accessorise with an oversized straw bag for added sartorial points.Weekday is renowned for its swimwear. We're talking minimal bandeau tops, cut-out swimsuits and arthouse-inspired beach prints. We have our eyes on this muted two-piece from the cult Swedish brand. We'll be shamelessly copying from the Swedes and teaming the bikini with Birkenstocks.Last year, Weekday struck a friendship with cult sportswear brand Champion. The collaboration launched hoodies, sweatpants and ankle-skimming skirts that sold out instantaneously. And we're hoping the King of athleisure will show its face in the new store. If so, we have our eyes on this jersey skirt. Simply don with a basic tee and trainers.It's undoubtedly the most important item in our spring wardrobe. The biker jacket. We're forever on the hunt for a could-be-designer number which doesn't break the bank. And good news, as we've finally tracked it down. We'll be teaming this leather jacket with a printed slip dress and 'ugly' sandals.Weekday does one thing particularly well. Shirts. Whether you're seeking an oversized white blouse, a pinstripe funnel-neck number or a printed piece with super sleeves - the Swedish brand has you covered. We cannot wait to reinvent our workwear this season with the help of Weekday. We've already put our names down for this blue shirt. Simply half-tuck into jeans and finish with slip-on mules.Take note of Grazia's fashion favourites in the gallery below:Credit: WeekdayAh, this is summer's answer to the minimal duster jacket. We'll be layering this blush hued wrap-around over wide-legged trousers and a white tee.Naomi Coat, £70, WeekdayWeekday Best Buys - Grazia2of15Ah, this is summer's answer to the minimal duster jacket. We'll be layering this blush hued wrap-around over wide-legged trousers and a white tee.Naomi Coat, £70, WeekdaySport athleisure this season with these primary red kick-flares. Pair with a white shirt and box-fresh trainers. Rita Trousers, £45, WeekdayThese round frames are bound to sell out. We'll be investing, asap. Rounded Sunglasses, £12, WeekdayAnd just like that, we have found the biker of the season. We'll be juxtaposing this leather with a pretty floral dress. Jemina Leather Jacket, £225, WeekdayThe slip dress has been reinvented this season. Don this arthouse-inspired number with block heels. Jackie Slip Dress, £80, WeekdayWeekday isn't restricted to minimal hues. This floral print shirt will be the ultimate transseasonal piece as we approach summer.    Tiedye Shirt, £ , WeekdayThe Weekday x Champion collaboration was a huge talking point and we still haven't finished investing. We have our eyes on this zip-up from the exclusive line. Smith Oversized Hoodie, £95, WeekdayDefine athleisure and tuck a basic white tee into this ankle-skimming skirt from the Weekday x Champion collaboration. Finish with Birkenstocks.Champion Skirt, £68, WeekdayYou can never have too many pairs of Birkenstocks. We're hoping the new store will give us the opportunity to fund our addiction to 'ugly' dad sandals. Arizona Birko-Flor Sandal, £75, WeekdayWe'll be layering this black slip over a crisp white shirt boasting supersized sleeves. Finish with stacked jewellery and leather sandals. Pillow Strap Dress, £40, WeekdayRefresh your summer workwear wardrobe with a couple of Weekday's must-have shirts. We'll be teaming this blue pinstripe number with step-hem jeans and cross-over mules. Aster Shirt, £45, Weekday& Other Stories has some serious competition when it comes to minimal accessories. We cannot wait to bag this cross-body number. Donna Bag, £75, WeekdayForget staple black when investing in accessories this season. Brighten up your commute with a mustard tote. Sweet Leather Tote, £80, WeekdayWeekday has a talent for minimal but pretty lingerie. Make sure to bookmark your favourite pieces ahead of the store launch as they're sure to sell out. Madonna Bra And Knickers, £19, WeekdayWe've just found the 'It' bikini of the summer. Take inspo from the Swedes and pair with Birkenstocks and a supersized straw bag. Secret Swim Bandeau, £20, WeekdayREAD MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A ScandiREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As if 2017’s denim trends couldn’t be more bonkers, Vetements has taken the crown with their new Levi’s collaboration. First Topshop made those bizarre clear panel mom jeans, then Kendall wore a pair of cut-off shorts with the ankle hems still attached and now the French fashion house and OG denim line have created bum-barring jeans. Yes, really.Call it high fashion, call it whatever you like, but we think these jeans look not just uncomfortable but impractical. For starters, they cost a mighty £1,295 for the full-length style and £760 for the shorts. Sorry, what?! If you’re willing to drop the big bucks on trousers instead of life essentials, like rent and food, then you’ll discover these reconstructed jeans, with their layers of zippers aren’t just for show – the zips actually work. So, if say, it’s a nice summer day and you’re feeling a little warm you could gain ventilation by unfastening the closure. There’s no fear of accidentally splitting your trousers with this pair, because they are designed to bear the derrière.This isn’t the first-time denim has made the bottom the main feature. Levi’s themselves made the ‘wedgie’ jean a cult item. And, Alexander McQueen back in 1995 honoured builder’s bottoms with ‘bumsters’ trousers that rode low enough on the butt that the crack was purposefully visible. And, of course zip-crotch trews have been a mainstay of the latex community’s wardrobes for years now. So, its arguable that these new Vetements x Levi’s designs are neither wholly original nor remotely comfortable. But, hey who am I to judge?That said, as a fashion editor with some years of experience wearing impractical clothing I’d say, if you’re planning on wearing them, stay away from cold metal surfaces, slatted seats and any furniture that might leave an imprint.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When we first learnt that Topshop is launching a bridal collection just in time for spring wedding season, we couldn't believe our luck.The high street favourite has debuted five wedding dress styles starting at a very affordable £350. There's also be a 25-piece range of bridesmaids dresses too, so the rest of the wedding party doesn't feel left out.Here at Grazia, we're big supporters of this.There's probably no item of clothing with as much importance placed on it as your wedding dress. Finding the 'right' one is often the most stressful part of getting married, with no end of people offering up their opinions on where they got theirs from or what they want for their big day.There's a lot of pressure on the decision over what to wear: after all, all eyes are on you in a way they are unlikely to ever be again (unless you're an A-list celeb at the Oscars or a politican delivering a speech at the UN, of course...) It's also one of the most expensive aspects of the whole shebang. And the worst thing? After all of that, you'll probably only get to wear it once.Which is why we're inclined to think that high street might be the way to go. After all, Whistles, H&M, Reformation and ASOS already have bridal collections, so it's about time that Toppers joined the proceedings. As self-confessed Topshop addicts, it's news that's welcome to our ears - even if we've not found the groom yet...The bridal collection launches online and in selective stores on 13 April, 2017. Bridal dresses range from £350 to £795. While bridesmaid dresses range from £85 to £245.To book a personal shopping bridal appointment contact: bridebookings@topshop.com.See every look from the dreamy bridal collection below:Credit: TopshopSatin Tie Shoulder Maxi Dress, £350, TopshopTopshop Wedding - Grazia2of30Satin Tie Shoulder Maxi Dress, £350, TopshopEmbellished Midi Dress, £796, TopshopFloral Wedding Maxi Dress In Pink, £395, TopshopTulle Midi Dress, £425, TopshopCutwork Lilac Bardot Dress, £450, TopshopJacquard Prom Style Dress, £85, TopshopFloral Slip Dress, £95, TopshopOmbre Crinkle Blue Bridesmaid Dress, £145, TopshopOmbre Pink Crinkle Dress, £145, TopshopLilac Lace Dress, £125, TopshopSilk Embroidered Dress, £225, TopshopVintage Style Dress, £95, TopshopAsymmetric Hem Purple Slip Bridesmaid Dress, £85, TopshopBlue Bandeau Dress, £115, TopshopFloral Dress, £225, TopshopPurple Bandeau Dress, £115, TopshopEmbellished Cold-Shoulder Dress, £245, TopshopBlack Midi Dress, £95, TopshopCowl Slip Dress, £85, TopshopCowl Slip Dress, £85, TopshopCowl Slip Dress, £85, TopshopFloral Angel Sleeve Maxi Dress, £165, TopshopAsymmetric Hem Pink Slip Bridesmaid Dress, £85, TopshopPowder Pink Ruffled Dress With Sheer Sleeves ,£125, TopshopNavy Ruffled Dress With Sheer Sleeves, £125, TopshopAsymmetric Hem Blue Slip Bridesmaid Dress, £85, TopshopBlue Jacquard Prom Style Dress, £85, TopshopSoft Ruffle Cold Shoulder Bridesmaid Dress, £125, TopshopBlue Sheer Bridesmaid Dress, TopshopFloral Slip Dress, TopshopWATCH: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsREAD MORE: Best High Street Wedding DressesREAD MOORE: Best Wedding Guest Dresses© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you're a bride-to-be who's dreading having to part with serious cash for the wedding dress of dreams, we have some good news: research from online shopping site Lyst suggests that brides are spending less on a dress to take them down the aisle as they opt for high street favourites over pricier designers.They found that on average, brides are spending £832 on their wedding dress. Yes, it's still a serious amount to spend on a dress that will probably only be worn once, but it's actually down 20 percent from £1,112 last year - and considering the seemingly exponential cost of the big day,' this news feels pretty refreshing.Lyst used a combination of search, sales and browsing figures from its website and its 12,000 partner brands, and also surveyed 100 brides-to-be, to come to the conclusion that brides are starting to opt for more affordable high street wedding dresses over designer gowns with a price tag in the thousands.Brands like ASOS, Whistles and Topshop have all recently launched bridal collections promising a mix of fashion-forward and more traditional styles in luxe fabrics, all with a price tag that won't raise eyebrows.The online shopping site found that while users were still searching for designer names like Temperley London and Amanda Wakeley, demand for brands like Self Portrait, Needle and Thread and Whistles (where a dress is typically priced in the mid-hundreds) was on the rise.Lyst did find, however, that some brides are prepared to spend about as much on their shoes as they would on the dress itself: 20 percent of those surveyed revealed that the shoes were actually more important than the dress. While the high street might be an increasingly viable option for bridal growns, this is one area where designer names still have the upper hand: Lyst found that Manolo Blahnik, Jimmy Choo and Sophia Webster were among the most popular. We blame Carrie Bradshaw...READ MORE: The Best High Street Wedding DressesREAD MORE: The Most Iconic Wedding Dresses Of All TimeREAD MORE: These Are The Biggest Wedding Trends Of 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sneaker trends wait for no woman. One minute it’s all Air Max’s and slip-on Vans, the next Reebok calls and says they have the cutest collaboration in town. And, they weren’t kidding. The new Reebok Classic x Local Heroes NPC II is pastel-hued, fluffy and a real crowd divider. Made from leather, with tie-dye insoles and topped with a faux-fur pom-pom and detachable heart keychain they are the most femme sneakers to hit the streets.Call me basic, but I like millennial pink. It’s a very optimistic colour and it’s not as outlandishly loud as its sisters fuchsia, magenta and rose. But, colouring a trainer, how do you feel about that? Plus, add on a fuzzy fake fur bobble and you’ve got the marmite of sneakers. These aren’t for running and even though the press release says they are ‘just in time for festival season’ you wouldn’t catch us wearing them anywhere near mud. These are for the girl who likes to go out but doesn’t fancy the blisters.Local Heroes, which is founded by Polish-born, LA-based Insta-stalk Areta Szpura, is known for out-there pieces. They regularly create limited edition collections with people like Disney and Coucou Suzette. Slogan t-shirts, athleisure silhouettes and crop tops are their jam, so if you like Unif and Urban Outfitters you’ll probably be a fan of Local Heroes. But, if you’re more of a minimalist Cos girl walk away.If you fancy picking up these showgirl sneakers then head over to Local Heroes or Reebok now before they sell out!Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Flat Mules You Need To Transition Your Wardrobe From Winter To SummerFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s official. Our Thursday lunch break shopping habits and never-ending demand for could-be-designer pieces at high street prices have finally jeopardised Topshop’s popularity.According to Media Vision Interactive's Fashion Demand Report, Google searches for Zara increased by 20 percent in 2016 compared to the previous year. Total searches reached an impressive 2,691,929 last year, compared to 451,929 in 2015.Other Inditex heavyweights including Bershka, Pull & Bear and Stradivarius also experienced a significant rise in overall online demand.Stradivarius underwent the most significant change however, as the retailer noted a 66 percent increase in consumer interest.Topshop on the other hand, experienced a dip in search by eight percent. It is believed that the unanticipated drop may have been as a consequence to the Philip Green BHS scandal last year.Arcadia did not fare well on the whole, as sister brands including Miss Selfridge and Dorothy Perkins also noted a similarly disappointing result.The brand which experienced the greatest increase in Google searches however, was Pretty Little Thing, as demand has grown by an impressive 84 percent.To compete, Topshop will need to up it's sartorial game next season.But on that note, have you shopped Zara's latest drop yet?READ MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New ZaraREAD MORE: 23 Things You’ll Only Know If You’re Addicted To Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Missguided headlined the fashion press this week, but not for the right reasons. It was revealed by animal rights activists that the high street store was touting real fur as if it was fake. The Humane Society International (HSI) found out that a pair of millennial pink heels topped with furry pompoms contained cat and dog hair.The shoes in question go against Missguided’s strict no-fur policy and have been removed from sales. Yet, the revelations continued as laboratory tests revealed that House of Fraser, Amazon and Lily Lulu were also mislabeling their fur products.While there is a lasting conception that real fur costs more, it’s relatively cheap to produce in Asia and has unfortunately filtered into the supply chain. The Independent reported that Claire Bass, director of HSI UK, said: ‘In China, millions of cats are being killed for the meat trade and it is possible that the fur of these animals are going into the fur trade’.Fashion production is a murky world where cheapness and speed of manufacturing is valued. What, this investigation by HSI has done is shine a spotlight on the foggy economics of fake fur production. At one end of the market real fur is staging a comeback on the catwalk and being readily adopted by celebrities (looking at you Khloe Kardashian), but on the other end, faux fur has become covetable. The likes of Shrimps and Stella McCartney have found ways of producing shaggy, sumptuous imitation mammalian products. But, the cost of fur, both real and fake, has untold implications on the planet.Most artificial fuzz is the product of acrylic, which is terrible for the environment. A study by the US Sustainable Apparel Coalition ranked it as one of the worst ten fabrics concerning its environmental effects. Yet, we still think that somehow faux fur is more eco-friendly that real. Though the manufacturing of real skins requires the use of toxic products and, obviously, has harmful effects on the world’s animal populations, food chains and ecosystem, there is a strong argument to say synthetics are just as inhumane. The problem is, society is only demonising the real fur producers, but the fake fur manufacturers need to be watchdogged just as much.Image credit: shoes by fur-free company Missguided purchased by HSI UK and tested positive for illegal cat fur/ HSI Liked this? You might also be interested in:A First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAre We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Model Reveals Racist Casting CallFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Congrats guys, you’ve made it through Winter! The daffs are out, and the sun is (mostly) shining. As delightful as it is that the days are getting longer and it's now bare leg warm, it plays havoc with our wardrobes. Winter’s knits are too heavy, and summer’s dresses are too flimsy, so what is one to do but shop? While we’d love to invest in the new season’s must-haves from Christopher Kane, our pay packet doesn’t stretch that far. So, enter Lost Ink. It’s a little-known independent British label that’s so teeny weeny it only has a few stockists and no online shop of its own. It’s quite trend-led, so expect to find the colours of the moment and the shapes you want to wear. Best of all, it’s remarkably affordable – a shirt, for instance, comes in at a pre-payday friendly 30 odd quid. The range goes up to curve sizes and carries gowns to make you look like a prom queen and suits that will make your boss sit up straighter.  While Lost Ink will happily clothe you for every occasion, these are the only 11 pieces you'll need to transform your wardrobe for Spring:Liked this? You might also be interested in:Zero Skin’s Caviar Kaolin Clay Mask11 Silver Shoes You’ll Want For Spring9 Gold Chain Necklaces To Up Your Jewellery Game WithFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We always think of the Queen as someone who has her estate very much in order.She's an unflappable type who has steadily manned the good ship Britain through a dizzying plethora of world events, from regime change to political upheaval and terrorist attacks.So, it comes as no surprise to discover that Her Majesty has the lesser minutiae of her daily routine completely sorted.We're all familiar with the irritating rub and potential of blisters that new shoes bring with them.And given her ever-demanding schedule, HRH has wisely decided to sidestep this annoyance altogether.In what must surely be the ultimate symbol of winning at life, it has been revealed that the long-standing British monarch calls on a junior member of Buckingham Palace staff to break in her shoes for her.The ingenious move was unveiled by royal dressmaker Stewart Parvin, who has designed pieces for the Queen's wardrobe for the past ten years.“The shoes have to be immediately comfortable … she does get someone to wear them," he revealed. "The Queen can never say ‘I’m uncomfortable, I can’t walk any more'.“She has the right to have someone wear them in.”The footwomen in question wear beige cotton ankle socks while breaking in the new shoes.They must only walk on carpet while doing so, presumably to minimise the opportunity for wear and tear before the shoes are handed onto the Queen.The Queen is a creature of habit when it comes to footwear, having worn the same model of patent leather slip-ons with a low heel for the past 50 years.The classic shoes, handmade by Anello & Davide of Kensington, come in at around £1,000 a pair. Her Majesty usually wears them in black, with a subtle adornment such as a gold chain detail or bow.Parvin was approached by royal courtiers some years ago, and briefed with the task of giving the monarch's wardrobe a more contemporary look.He says he and the Queen mutually decide on the bold colours she is often seen wearing."Designing for someone who looks so wonderful in [any] clothes is very easy," he previously said of his job.READ MORE: These Are The Secret Symbols The Queen Sends Her StaffREAD MORE: Get Your CVs Ready, The Queen Is Hiring© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While it’s certainly getting warmer, it’s still too early for sandals, but we’re ready to break out of the ankle boots. Put winter behind you and consider a flat mule. It’s the perfect shoe for transitioning through spring as it’s breezy and easy enough for the rising mercury, but solid enough that if those rain clouds do come, you’re not stuck on hopping over puddles in open-toed slides. The look has the celebrated minimalism of The Row and Celine but the style kudos of Gucci. As this slide-on silhouette has been all over the catwalks, the high street has done the decent thing and produced the look at an affordable price. Just see for yourself….Liked this? You might also be interested in:Should I buy...The Much-Hyped RapidBrow's Eyebrow Enhancing Serum?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yesterday Victoria Beckham’s Target collection finally went on sale, and to say their was a stampede would be an understatement. The 200 plus pieces, most coming in at under £35, were all snapped up sharpish.With some customers getting angry after experiencing difficulties via the online shop, Beckham was forced to take to Twitter to apologise. She wrote: ‘I am overwhelmed by your response to my VBxTarget collaboration launch! Thank you for your patience and sorry for any frustration! x VB.’Just like the many other designer high street collaborations that have come before, pieces from the VBxTarget collection soon appeared on resale sites including eBay and Depop. Unfortunately for anyone thinking of bagging a bit of VB, the prices have now doubled, and in some cases, quadrupled.For example, the popular orange, one-shoulder dress, originally available for £40 is now being flogged on Depop for a whopping £150.Similarly, the embellished bomber jacket, originally £70 is being sold for £200, while the pink ruffle hem dress is now priced at £85 although is was originally £35.Earlier we wrote...The limited edition collection is not only her debut high-street line but her first foray into childrenswear, as the line will feature over 200 ready-to-wear pieces for both women and kids.Inspired by her spin-off Victoria, Victoria Beckham collection, which the designer launched five years ago whilst pregnant with Harper, the collection will comprise of easy-to-wear tops and trousers for women with co-ordinating styles for children.And childrenswear is a field Victoria has always wished to pursue, as she said in a statement, “Being a mother has helped me understand what’s important when it comes to the category. I have had years of learning that function is often just as important as form, and that children need to be able to feel comfortable and free in what they wear.”And the collection will enable the British designer renowned for eye-wateringly high prices to reach out to the mass market, as prices will range from $6 to $70.The 42-year-old exclusively told The Business of Fashion, "The timing just felt right. I’ve made no secret of the fact that I wanted to put a collection out there for people who either can’t afford designer prices or don’t want to pay designer prices.”Victoria will also be stocking select items on her website to enable international customers to shop the collection. Great news for us Brits.And the former Spice Girl is clearly excited to launch her new line as she stated that, “These are clothes that I want to wear."So it’s safe to say we'll probably want to wear them too…READ MORE: We’ve Never Wanted To Dance With Anyone More Than Victoria BeckhamREAD MORE: David and Victoria Beckham Celebrate 17 Years Of Marriage With Cute Instagram Snaps© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Google ‘Primark’ and you’ll find over 23 million search results, which for a brand that doesn’t have an online store that’s pretty impressive. But, that’s part in parcel of the Primark experience. With Primark stores in London, Manchester, Bristol, Liverpool, Charlton, Blackpool, Bath and Bromley (not to forget America as well), it’s that mythic fashion company that’s survived the high street downturn and ridden scandal to success.It’s not had the traditional fashion success story. There’s no single designer, no logo to champion and no fashion week presence, not to mention it’s owned by an unlikely conglomerate, Associated British Foods (ABF) that’s home to Ryvita and Twinings. Yet, it finds itself in the pages of glossies and in the wardrobes of a sizable chunk of the Great British public. Now it’s launching in the United States with a 50,000 sq ft space in Brooklyn.Forbes once laid out the seven characteristics that successful brands share - first, audience knowledge, second, uniqueness, followed by passion, consistency, competitiveness, exposure and leadership - unsurprisingly Primark ticks each box. Search for ’Primark near me’ and likely you’ll have one on your closest high street. Step inside and you’ll see mums, dads, grandmothers and toddlers exploring the rails of Primark shoes and suitcases. Its point of difference? Its mass appeal. ‘ At Primark we pride ourselves on offering something for everyone’, explains the brand’s spokesperson. The data backs this up, trend and market analysts Mintel reports that 29 per cent of all clothing purchased in the UK over a 12-month period ending in October 2017 came from Primark.Credit: PrimarkPrimark fashion autumn winter 2018 collection - Grazi1of23But what’s so appealing? It’s price, of course. Passionate about consistently offering competitively costing clothes in every sizable town in the UK has led Primark to blossom into a brand with a net worth of£593,050,000in 2017. ‘Our unique selling point is offering the best value on the high street in an amazing store environment’, adds Primark.As Marks and Spencer flags behind and House of Fraser searches for a buyer, Primark, a cut-price Prada if you will, has proved it can survive an economic crunch with low-cost, high-style items. For summer, Primark dresses are destination pieces, with Ganni-lite wrap silhouettes and Rixo-inspired prints. Primark shoes tempt with trainers and slides that pop with colour and promise fashion credentials. Likewise, Primark bags address need without forsaking the style agenda, look to capacious totes and diminutive tasselled cross body bags to fulfil this purpose.Though Primark’s clothes come at a cost. A lot has been said about the ethics behind their fast-manufacturing process, their sustainability agenda and their social responsibility but the budget brand is using transparency to reposition itself. A ‘global sourcing map’, released six months ago, shone a spotlight on their 1071 factories. The tranche of intelligence insists the company is selective about the factories they work with and labour sources. When possible they opt for natural and manmade fibres and have worked hard to ensure their supply chain of cotton is as sustainable as possible - decreasing wastewater, investigating chemicals and building local business networks for farming communities. Unlike some luxury brands, like Burberry, that have come under fire for disposing of unsold clothes by burning them, Primark practices a recycling initiative, which donates unsold clothing and samples to the charity Newlife. Meanwhile, all other unwanted materials like used carboards, plastics and hangers are recycled or recovered.‘Primark has benefited from a squeeze in consumers' finances during and after the financial crisis. Consumer incomes have not yet fully recovered (earnings have only just started to outstrip inflation) and a low-price point remains a priority when shopping for clothes.’ Chana Baram, retail analyst at Mintel told Grazia, ‘A combination of this value-conscious consumer and Primark's product mix has made the retailer the most popular destination in the UK to buy clothing and footwear. Primark knows what its customers want, and its products are fun and on-trend'© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...More so than any other festival, Coachella has a very recognisable aesthetic. Whether it’s the warm Palm Springs climate or the proximity to Los Angeles and the heavy celebrity contingent, the dress code always seems to be one thing: boho. A-listers like Vanessa Hudgens, Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid have all made floral crowns, cut-off denim shorts and flowing Seventies attire something of a festival uniform – but isn’t it kind of boring to just dress the same as everyone else? Here’s how to avoid 7 of the biggest Coachella clichés and what to wear instead…(Picture: Pinterest / @bridgetbragerhairFlower headbands have become such a Coachella cliché that they even got their own Snapchat filter during last year’s festival. The ubiquitous accessory – which you can find at pretty much every high street store nowadays – has become tired and obvious. Instead, eschew hair accessories altogether and instead go for a pretty braided updo. Whether opting for the classic Heidi plaits piled on top of your head, French braids, space bun braids or something a little more intricate à la Kate Bosworth’s centre parting braid, there’s no denying that it’s a super easy way to dress up your look with none of the datedness of a floral crown.(Pictures: @PandoraSykes / @ganniSeventies-esque crochet crop tops and halternecks have become de rigeur at Coachella. This year, we'll be swapping ours for an on-trend logo tee. Whether you opt for the Insta-favourite from Gucci, one of Ganni's popular 'Space Cowboy' or 'Cherry Bomb' designs or show your musical tastes with a band tee, this is a look that you can repeat once Coachella is finished too. Crochet crop tops? Not so much.(Pictures: Getty)There’s no denying that the print of the season is gingham. Once the preserve of school girls, the quintessentially summer pattern had a grown-up makeover for 2017, with everyone from Mango to H&M doing it. So if your go-to festival look involves pretty floral dresses or tops, fear not, gingham is an easy swap. Look for pieces with frills, ruffles or deconstructed details if you want to keep it on trend for this season, or go for the cold-shoulder dress, if you prefer a classic cutesy summer look.(Pictures: Getty)We’ll just come out and say it: for us, chokers belong in the nineties. Despite the fact that most of Coachella’s clientele don’t remember them the first time round, chokers really took off at last year’s festival, much to our dismay. Instead, the only jewellery trend you should be following this year is for mismatched earrings. While fashion’s recent love affair with our ears is well-documented (first it was multiple dainty earrings, à la Maria Tash, then it was oversized danglers) the A/W 17 catwalks saw models wearing odd sets, or even a singular earring.(Picture: Mango / Free People)Denim shorts have come on a long way since the ubiquitous bum-revealing high-waisters that seem to perennially crop up on off-duty models at music festivals. This year, we’re opting for a ‘mom’ style longer cut, with fun detailing such as floral embroidery. Still ticks the boho, nineties-throwback box, but doesn’t reveal as much flesh and still feels practical.(Picture: @pronounced_tilly / @justalli_xx)The festival set’s obsession with temporary tattoos (and specifically Flash Tattoos, the LA-based brand of metallic boho designs) can be dated back to 2015, when Beyoncé declared herself a fan. In 2017, we’re predicting that the next ‘out there’ beauty trend a lot of people will be rocking will be pierced nails – a look pioneered by Kim Kardashian in January. Not the most practical of festival looks, but whoever said Coachella was about practicality?(Pictures: @makeupbyfrances / @guy_tang)Want to take your festival hair colour to the next level? Opt for a fun glow-in the-dark neon shade. Currently one of the new most-asked for shades at Bleach London, it’s only increasing in popularity after several brands have begun patenting colour changing technology. Just be considerate of your fellow festival-goers when it comes to bedding down for the night – it’s not like there’s an off-switch…READ MORE: Everything You Need To Know About Coachella 2017READ MORE: Where To Stay During Coachella© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Primark.The official countdown to summer has begun, and with it comes the search for a figure flattering swimsuit or bikini that’s guaranteed to show off that hard-earned beach body. But with so many styles on the market, it can be tricky to know which silhouette to choose.Luckily for you, we’ve teamed up with Primark to showcase 4 hot-to-trot swimwear styles for 2017. So, whether you’re looking to exude beach babe vibes or a sophisticated sexiness, there’s bound to be a style below that will help you make waves on the beach.Miami swimsuit, £4; Cap, £3This year, fashion meets function with surfer chic inspired swimsuits. Featuring sporty colours like peach, lime and purple, as well as practical designs, this style of swimwear is ideal for those of you active beach babes who want to look effortlessly cool while playing volleyball or doing water sports. Surfs up!Watermelon swimsuit, £4; Sunglasses, £3While a traditional swimsuit is flattering on most body shapes, this style is often viewed as boring. But this doesn’t mean that one-pieces should be written off: you can always up the ante and fun factor by opting for one that comes complete with a bold print, like this trendy watermelon swimsuit!Bikini top, £6; Bikini bottoms, £4; Cap, £3; Earrings, £1; Arm bangle, £2While ultra-provocative, strappy swimsuits reigned supreme in 2016, this year is all about a more parred back version of the style. For example, a bikini with simple cut-out details on the sides makes for an understated, sexy look. Plus, this style is ideal for those of you wanting to create the impression of an hourglass figure, as the straps will draw attention to your hips.Bikini top, £6; Bikini bottoms, £4; Turban, £2Inspired by 1970s fashion trends, halter bikinis are a great choice if you have a small bust. As well as looking sophisticated and stylish, this silhouette will help to provide coverage and support while you sunbathe. Just add a floppy had to finish off the look.Shop these swimwear pieces from the Primark SS17 collection, which is available in-store.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Stripes, like florals, seems to be the must-have print every spring. It’s not surprising, really, the graphic is bold, often bright and holds memories of deckchairs, sailors and candy cane. It’s the promise of summer and the nostalgia of sepia-tinted holidays. But, it’s also over saturated. Whether you walk into H&M or Harrods, you’ll find it. Luc Lesenecal, the CEO of Saint James (which, FYI is the MVP of Breton producers, who outfit the French police and sailors in their iconic striped tops), explained to The Debrief, this pattern is generation-less as grandmothers, mothers, daughters and sons all wear this print. As the francophile outfitters sell one million tops a year and have a new e-commerce platform on the brink of launching, is it possible for this bold pattern that has been coloured every which way and manipulated into any number of widths and directions to be given an independent spin? Yes, it certainly can. How, you ask? Scroll on to see…Credit: Instagram @asos_lotteGrowing up we loved Barbie Pink, several years on we’ve finally graduated to a new shade, albeit within the same spectrum, it’s called millennial pink. It’s the colour of Rihanna’s Fenty Spring 17 line, the shade of rosé wine we like to drink, the hue of the rose quartz crystals we have dream of buying on Etsy and Acne’s tasteful packaging. So, it’s no wonder we’re hung on Lotte Williams saccharine wash.Credit: Instagram @mirandamakaroffMiranda Makaroff takes a linear approach to summer styling, by which we mean one colour in every which way. Clashing her vertical and horizontal stripes makes a winning combination with her misshaped cap (that's probably stolen from her dad).Credit: Instagram @asos_oliveMake the mind do summersaults by amping up those fishnets you just invested in with a contrasting horizontal stripe. Olive Faye Smith looks red hot in this cap sleeve, high neck crop top and motocross skirt.Credit: Instagram @aretaLet the nostalgia set in and pretend it’s still the ‘90s by layering your favourite tee over a long sleeve top. Time-travel back like Areta Szpuraz with a multi colour combination. The reason her look works so well is not just because of the vivid palette, but she’s nailed that borrowed-from-your-boyfriend feel. Her tee is boxy and her mom jeans are high and crinkly around the crotch while her rainbow top is tight with long, long sleeves.Credit: Instagram @arpanarayamjhiDon’t be scared of tropical, fruity shades. Wild and bright as they are, treat them like Arpana Rayamajhi does and wear them with heaps of jewellery, bold glasses and a kilt. The more pieces and colours the merrier as long as you remember your leather jacket. A biker is a fashion solvent, it soothes bold outfits and adds edge to subtle ones.Credit: Instagram @mariahdrissiTreat accessories like this season’s trump card. Add big earrings, and you’re winning. Top the look off with a too-cool cap, and you’ve got it, as Mariah Drissi shows.Credit: Instagram @kekeSlick and glossy, vinyl is the shiny new fabric capturing our attention. It’s daringly haunted by S&M connotations and unbelievably uncomfortable in the heat, but when worn like Keke Palmer has with a classic stripey top it’s revolutionary.Credit: Instagram @awatsumaiBreton stripes, like this top from Saint James, is a walking, living, breathing classic. It’s been around for over 160 years and is part of the fabric of France’s history. But, that doesn’t mean it needs to be steeped in nostalgia. Tug on high tops, tuck the top into Levi’s for a modern way to wear an icon.Liked this? You might also be interested in:A First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAre We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Model Reveals Racist Casting CallFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re not following Delilah Belle Hamlin on Instagram, what exactly are you doing with your life? Daughter of Lisa Rinna and actor Harry Hamlin, it’s understandable that Delilah has garnered many a comparison to Gigi Hadid since signing with Elite Model Management in summer 2016. Not only is her mum a Real Housewife of Beverly Hills like Gigi’s mama, Yolanda Hadid, but she’s also blonde, beautiful and even has her own brunette sister counterpart. Amelia Gray is to Delilah Belle what Bella is to Gigi.Plus, the girls actually know each other. Gigi even taught Delilah how to walk the runway ahead of her turn on the Dolce & Gabbana show during Milan Fashion Week – not a bad mentor at all. The 18-year-old’s model ambition also includes one key catwalk, with her telling Vogue, ‘It would be so cool to walk in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show’. Now, we all remember that video of Gigi’s successful casting, don’t we?But that’s probably where the similarities end. While Gigi’s joined at the hip with Kendall Jenner, Delilah isn’t keeping up with the Kardashians, rather Kaia Gerber – they even went to senior prom together with their fellow classmates this past weekend. A quick scour (or hour-long stalk) of her Instagram shows her squad also includes BFF Ella Angel, singer-songwriter Charlotte Lawrence and beauty vlogger Olivia Jade.And don’t expect to see any famous boyfriends popping up on Delilah Belle’s feed anytime soon: she’s been dating high school sweetheart Aidan Reilly since July 2014. A water polo player who’s set to attend Brown University post-summer, he and Delilah make one hot couple, and thankfully their chosen colleges mean they won’t be too far away from each other. #ProudMama Lisa Rinna recently took to Instagram to announce Delilah had gotten into her preferred school in New York, though she didn’t confirm which one, or indeed if Delilah will be accepting the offer.It sounds to us like she will, though, with Delilah telling Teen Vogue last year, ‘I have no idea how I’m going to balance modelling and school, but my agency knows I’m still a student, and they really care about that. I don’t want to have expectations about my dream school, but LA or New York would be good because I like cities. I also want to maybe consider modelling or singing work in those cities.’ It seems dreams really do come true.Whatever direction Delilah Belle takes, one thing is for sure: she’ll be at Coachella providing all of the FOMO this month, so you’ll probably want to follow her before that. Just don’t blame us if you find yourself 105 weeks deep in her feed with the biggest case of life envy since Mariah Carey’s episode of MTV Cribs.Like this? You might also be interested in:This Is What Gigi X Tommy Hilfiger Looks Like On A Normal Human BeingMeet The Other Hadid Sibling. You’re Welcome.Somebody Give Yolanda Hadid A Mum Of The Year AwardFollow Jennifer on Instagram @barbiesnapsThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I’m not going to argue it’s anything but a terrible film - it’s a dreadful representation of women, romance, the music industry and of working long hours in a bar serving twats with a hard-on for damaged girls. But, I will argue to the death that Coyote Ugly has some of the most covetable costumes in the history of cinematography.If you haven’t seen Coyote Ugly, then you were either born after 2000, or there is something wrong with you. It’s the heartwarming tale of a small town girl trying to break into the hard knock music industry, while disappointing her father and falling for a dishy Aussie. Along the way, there’s a lot of whisky spilt and bar-top dancing.For ten-year-old me it was an education. To the soundtrack of LeAnn Rimes, I learnt that I couldn’t fight the moonlight, that Tyra Banks can act, that leather bras could be worn as tops and that there was no shame in a slut-drop. The outfits were peak early noughties, and the hair was The Rachel, but on speed and with stripey blonde highlights. Fashion trends come and go, but right now as we ride a wave of nostalgia the look of the early 2000s is back. So, tell me, 17-years-on since the film’s release if, like me, you’re not still craving Piper Perabo's leopard print crop top, or Bridget Moynahan’s lace-up leather trousers and thick-ass diamante belt buckle collection?I’m 99% sure Bella Hadid wore a near-identical pair just a few weeks ago. And, let's be honest, whatever Bella does I’m willing to copy. There’s something raunchy - in a good way - about these. They are provocative, overtly sexy and say more about the wearer and their confidence than nearly any other trouser out there.While Kate Moss may have been a big fan of wearing a menswear vest as a top around the same time this film came out, the Coyote Ugly squad wore it in an entirely different way. Mossy and Sienna Miller erred on the side of vintage/boho-chic teaming it with flowing Matthew Williamson dresses and gladiator sandals, while Maria Bello wore it buttoned-up and with nothing underneath. She took this stuffy piece of men's tailoring and made it unapologetically sexy. Team Maria all the way!By 2003 skinny jeans had banished bootcut trousers to the back of our wardrobes, but after years in the dark, it’s time to dust them off. Think of them as the natural conclusion of last year’s kick flare and cropped culottes trend. I want to wear them low like Tyra Banks and with a cropped sleeveless top like Piper Perabo.Big, chunky and encrusted with bling - nothing says millennium quite like an oversized belt buckle. While most of us wore them loosely slung over tiered skirts and flowing wanderlust dresses, the Coyote Ugly crew teamed them with bootcut jeans and snakeskin trousers.Nothing shows off your belly button piercing as well as a cropped spaghetti strap top. They are liable to roll up whenever you make the slightest move, so tread carefully with this trend.Back in 2000 wearing anything high rise was laughable. Seriously, we’d only mums wore mom jeans. Anything low enough to show off your hip bones (and your thong) was good enough for the Coyote Ugly girls and therefore is good enough for me.Forget the biker jacket, what I want more than anything is a mid-length tailored leather jacket. It’s a little bit Fools and Horses, a lot Violet during her big move from small-town kid to NY vagabond. I’d wear it with kick flares and a polo.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...9 Cuuute Earrings For Under 9 Quid For Your Cartilage Piercing Are We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When we first learnt that Inditex is set to open the world's largest store, we truly believed that nothing could ever top the groundbreaking news.But now, it's come to our attention that there's an entire section on the Zara website that we never even knew existed. And the best part? It's dedicated to must-have buys at a fraction of the standard £39.99 price tag. Unsurprisingly, it's where only true Zara fanatics shop.The not-so-secret-anymore tab entitled 'Special Prices' is sandwiched between 'Fragrances' and 'Gift Cards'. And the category features never-seen-before items which boast price tags starting from £4.99. Yes, you read that correctly.We're talking must-have mules, slogan-emblazoned tees and dresses which boast supersized sleeves aplenty. We don't know about you but we're a little embarrassed that we didn't realise it existed sooner...These are the must-have items to add to your shopping basket, pronto:We'll be teaming ours with a box-fresh tee, black flares and babouche shoes this spring. Spring-proof the look with a denim jacket draped across the shoulders and a miniature handbag in tow.This monochrome two-piece is everything we've ever wanted and more. This season we'll be donning the co-ords with a bold lip, backless mules and stacked jewellery. We challenge you to find a more work-to-drinks look than this. We didn't think so...Yes, the Spanish giant has proven once more that Zara is the master at producing could-be-designer pieces at high street prices. We'll be half-tucking this retro-inspired number into flared jeans and accessoring with yellow-tinged aviators.Our obsession with dresses which boast extraordinarily supersized sleeves continues to grow. And this season, we're swaying towards a 'tougher' aesthetic. Accessorise with a corset belt and stacked jewellery.Remember when we told you that the nineties 'going out' top had made an unanticipated comeback? Well, we cannot wait to get our hands on this sheer tee. We'll be layering a lace bralet beneath and finishing with a faux-leather mini or high-waisted flares. Just make sure to leave the butterfly clips and body glitter at home...Shop more of Grazia's favourites in the gallery below:Credit: ZaraBell Bottom Flares, £17.99, ZaraZara 'Special Prices' - Grazia2of9Bell Bottom Flares, £17.99, ZaraThe cold-shoulder trend is here to stay this spring. Don the blouse with flares, backless loafers and supersized earrings.Off-Shoulder-Top, £19.9, ZaraThe nineties 'going out' top has made a comeback this season. Don a lace bralet beneath and finish with a wet-look mini skirt.Shiny T-Shirt, £7.99, ZaraOh, hello. Wear with white tailored co-ords or juxtapose against florals. Knotted Mules, £24.99, ZaraWe'll be teaming this slogan-emblazoned top with blue denim jeans and mules. Oh, and don't forget the tinted sunnies...Retro T-Shirt, £5.99, ZaraLayer this pretty lace bralet over a white tee or nude slip dress this season. Finish with trainers and you'll be sporting athleisure before you know it.Short Lace Top, £12.99, ZaraWe plan to accessorise this dress with a corset belt and backless mules. Finish with stacked rings.Dress With Flared Sleeves, £19.99, ZaraLayer the cult accessory over a box-fresh tee or flute-sleeved dress this season. Say hello to a whole new look within a matter of minutes...Knit Corset Belt, £15.99, ZaraThese are the 'It' ankle boots this spring. You heard it here first. Whether you're donning a floral midi-dress or pastel pink co-ords, these silver must-haves are the answer.Silver Ankle Boots, £24.99, ZaraREAD MORE: 10 Items Which Prove Mango Is The New ZaraREAD MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will Love© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every once in a while, a TV character comes around that just speaks to us – it was Carrie Bradshaw it the 2000s, Hannah Horvath in the 2010s, and right now it’s Mickey Dobbs played by Gillian Jacobs on cult Netflix original show Love. (Yes, we realise we are a year late to the game. Yes, we did spend this entire weekend binge-watching series one and two, newly added).Not only is Mickey from Love the most fully realised character on the show, and the reason we keep tuning in episode after episode, she’s also got some serious cool-girl style credentials. We’ve put our analytical hat on to decipher Mickey Dobbs' style and what Mickey Dobbs outfits tells us about her character… spoilers abound.In the first episode of Love, Mickey is in the midst of a tricky break-up with an on-off non-boyfriend. (So far, so true to life, right?) After a rash decision to get high on Ambien (she’s a recovering addict and is supposed to be sober) she gets invited to meet said ex at what she thinks is a bar and dresses as only someone who’s a little buzzed would: she wears an incredible Special K red swimsuit with a low scoop back layered underneath true blue denim jeans. It sounds like it shouldn’t work (after all, isn’t that ‘swimming costume as a top’ thing a little bit teenage-at-a-festival?) but it really does and she looks incredibly hot. It sets the tone for the rest of Mickey’s sartorial choices throughout the season – a hot mess who isn’t afraid of dressing how she wants – she’s confident in her fashion choices and eschews traditional dress codes (more on that later) – even if she does apologise for it at the new age church meeting later on.The other key piece from the premiere of Love only features at the very end of the episode (and throughout the second, as each episode happens in real time) – a blue flannel shirt layered over the outfit from the night before as she goes on that fateful coffee run. Fateful why? Because this is where our meet-cute with leading man Gus (played by Paul Rust) occurs. The entire first episode has set up how diametrically opposed their lives are: while Mickey is too-cool for school Gus is Mr Nice Guy – but for some reason they find themselves attracted to each other. This is illustrated perfectly by the decision to have them both wearing flannel shirts in their first scene together – mirroring each other despite their differences. It's also a nod to Mickey's slight outsider complex - after all, flannel shirts were the grunge uniform of choice.At the midway point of season 1, Mickey is in denial about her growing feelings for Gus, instead deciding to set him up with her new, equally nice roommate, Bertie. Her outfit in this episode perfectly reflects this attitude of indifference – she’s in a pair of oversized dungarees – but it also reveals her pragmatism. Despite the chaos of her life as an addict struggling to stay sober, she knows deep down that she needs to take control of her life. After all, this is the episode in which she sets her sobriety clock back to zero days. The overalls also align her with the so-called 'Manic Pixie Dream Girl' trope (her outfit here could just as easily have been worn by Zooey Deschanel's character in well, anything) - something she's actually not. If anything, she's the Manic Pixie Dream Girl made real. She's a little messed up, she knows she's cool and she's not here to save anyone, least of all Gus.When Gus and Mickey finally go on their first date, she makes him choose what she should wear. The resulting silver sequinned mini dress feels like a very un-Mickey – it’s overtly girly and glamorous, and is exactly the kind of stereotypical thing that a guy would choose for a girl to wear on a date. What’s more, the date doesn’t exactly go to plan, with the pair being kicked out of the Magic Palace when Mickey flouts a dress code rule by borrowing Gus’ jacket. Sign of things to come? Yes, as it turned out.Later on in the series, Mickey begins to freak out about the status of her budding romance with Gus. Her move? She invents a fake reason to visit him at work. What does she wear? A totally on-trend A-line denim skirt with tucked in band t-shirt – a nod to her career at the radio station, too. Plus, despite the fact that this is LA and it’s probably quite warm out, she still teams the look with tough ankle boots – once again beating her own sartorial drum. It's also distinctly more girly than what she wore when she was comfortable in her relationship with Gus - namely sports jerseys and jackets teamed with skinny jeans and shorts. When we saw this look, we dug out our trusty denim mini and wore it immediately.The final look of the season and the one where Mickey’s all but given up hope on her relationship with Gus was this leather skirt and oversized grey jumper combo. The topic of much discussion online (every girl who watches the show wants this outfit, basically), it symbolised both her resignation to the situation but also her innate ability to make everything look ridiculously good. Plus, we’re big fans of the sexy-meets-scruffy vibe here. Just contrast it to the ridiculous busty red dress worn by love rival Heidi, and there’s no doubt over who’s winning in the style department… (if not the relationship one).When her estranged father comes for a surprise visit, Mickey chooses a girly dress but toughens it up with an oversized New York Yankees bomber jacket - a pretty obvious metaphor for her mixed emotions regarding her dad. On the one hand, she wants to be his little girl and impress him, but on the other, she's mistrustful and wants to shield herself from harm. Pop psychology 101.One of the pieces that crops up in both season 1 and 2, Mickey's beloved striped Seventies tank top is what she wears when she's feeling the most 'her'. Associated with scenarios when she's super comfortable and happy, she notably re-wears it in season 2 when she goes on her magical beach day date with Gus.All images courtesy of NetflixREAD MORE: An Emma Stone TV Show Is Coming To NetflixREAD MORE: You Can Now Buy Carrie Bradshaw's Most Iconic SATC Outfit© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last month’s catwalk marathon might have provided us with plenty of brilliant fashion inspiration for AW17, but we’re more into instant gratification (or should that be grazification?) when it comes to getting our shopping fix. Which is why we followed the action off the catwalks and onto the streets, where fashion’s fearless front line have been busy trialling brand new trends for SS17. First up, the five pieces to shop right now, from timeless, transeasonal trench coats and candy-stripe bags to… it-socks. Yes, really – Gucci and Vetements have both done pairs, or try Topshop’s take for just £3.50 (then you won’t mind so much when you find a hole in the toe). Once you’ve bagged you must-buys, it’s time for step two: the three simple styling hacks that will shift your look firmly into new season territory – even if you’re still wearing last season’s stuff. Ready? Then let’s hit the streets…It’s not every day that a fashion trend actually considers practicality, but the trench coat (as seen on every street style star worth her salt) ticks both our style and substance boxes. Well, who are we to look a gift horse in the mouth?Part mule, part kitten heel, this is a trend double whammy – and you don’t even need a pedicure. Where do we sign?If you were wondering how grown-ups can wear athleisure, here’s your answer. But no matching zip-tops, please and thank you – one piece of kit is plenty.Statement socks? Has the world gone mad? Perhaps – but at least your shoes will never smell.If prints are new to you, these will add interest to navy and denim neutrals. But if you’re a card-carrying member of the print club, go for it – clash against checks, florals, or even more stripes.Nipping in your coat at the waist is the quickest way to update your silhouette for spring - and anything goes, so long as it's layered over your outerwear. Search the bottom of your wardrobe for a corset, bumbag, or you know, a normal belt, and go at it.Last season's pinks + this season's red = clashy-happy magic. If your fellow commuters stare, you're doing it right.Since frilled or inflated sleeves don't layer well, the exposed shirt cuff is the springtime alternative. And since oversized shirts make for extra-long cuffs, try shopping a size up or venturing into menswear.Check out where you can shop the look in our gallery below:Cross body black and white striped bag, £29.99, Zaraspring restyle- Grazia2of9Cross body black and white striped bag, £29.99, ZaraQuilted leather bag, £365, Sonia RykielBelted trench coat, £129, [Autograph at M&S[(http://www.marksandspencer.com/belted-mac-and-trench-with-stormwear/p/p22491542?image=SD_01_T49_3403T_KH_X_EC_90&color=KHAKI&prevPage=plp)Belted cotton coat, £145, & Other StoriesStriped satin trousers, £350, Mother of Pearl at net-a-porter.comSport stripe trousers, £139, Pam & Gela at intermix.comRed suede mules, £355, Dorateymur at net-a-porter.comLarge stripe welt ankle socks, £3.50, TopshopWhite Reebok Edition Classic Socks, £65, Ssense READ MORE: 12 Of The Best Summer Picks to Shop At MangoREAD MORE: Is This The 'It' Swimsuit Of The Summer?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We can pinpoint the exact moment that we decided swimming costumes were the only beachwear we wanted to be seen in. As so often is the case, it was while scrolling through our Instagram feed. We spotted a friend of a friend (who we followed, naturally) wearing a scoop back cossie in black – so far, so chic – with a cheeky white bow at the top of her bottom. On investigation, the item in question was from ASOS, but after a cursory Google we discovered that actually swimming costumes are everywhere and are very much in fashion right now.So, why this sudden shift towards something once reserved for school girl swimming lessons? A good person to ask is Georgiana Huddart, the woman responsible for transforming historic swimwear brand Hunza into the go-to for fashion girls. ‘Everything comes full circle,’ she explains. ‘The bikini was so big for such a long time that I think people just want a change. There is something really great about women not having to show all their body in one go. Swimming costumes are actually sexier if done right.’She’s certainly right about the latter point – as evidenced by the likes of Emily Ratajkowski, Kim Kardashian and the litany of beautiful young things frolicking in cossies on Hunza G’s Instagram page. Once deemed frumpy (they always seem to be recommended to ‘women of a certain age’) swimsuits have had a sexy makeover – and we’re not talking slashed to the navel, music video-style, either.Think girly details like frills (very on trend for S/S 17) and bows; scoop backs, crossover straps or one-shoulder cuts, as well as high leg and Brazilian styles. Long gone are the days of regulation-cut sporty costumes for P.E.The great thing about one-pieces, of course, is that they do suit everyone. Indeed, that’s what Georgiana thinks is great about them. ‘Styles dictate what body they suit, but I believe there is a costume out there for every woman, no matter what size, shape. If you’re petite, you can opt for a high leg, if you’re curvy, a ‘50s style, or if you’ve very tall a halterneck works well.’Another great thing about them? The way they lend themselves to be outerwear too – particularly during the upcoming festival season. Simply team with denim shorts, high-waisted jeans or a midi-skirt, and you’ve got the perfect beach-to-beach-bar look. Et voila. You couldn’t do that with a bikini…Shop our edit of the best swimming costumes available online RN below.Modern Tribe swimsuit, £116, Seafolly at SelfridgesSwimming Costumes - Grazia2of10Modern Tribe swimsuit, £116, Seafolly at SelfridgesSanta Barbara Maillot one-shoulder scalloped swimsuit, £270, Marysia at SelfridgesCalypso striped suit, £155, Stella McCartney at SelfridgesBette, £120, Hunza GRita, £140, Hunza GGingham strapless swimsuit, £32, AsosStriped swimsuit, £34, TopshopAnimal print swimsuit, £35.99, MangoOut From Under Lo & Behold Halter One-Piece Swimsuit, £59, Urban Outfitters Blue cut-out wrap front swimsuit, £24.99, New LookREAD MORE: 7 Ultimate Coachella Fashion Cliché's And How To Avoid ThemREAD MORE: Straw Bags: The Accessory You Need This Spring© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The office had a marmite reaction to this image of The Duchess of Cambridge wearing this season’s biggest trend. Half were ‘oohing’ and ‘aaahing’ over it. While, a select few said she killed it, and not in that cool, ‘she’s nailed it’ way.Over the course of the most recent fashion weeks one street style trend, that was hot off the J.W. Anderson and Proenza Schouler catwalks, was everywhere. Essentially, it went viral. Oversized statement earrings were being worn both on- and off- the catwalks. They were XXXL in size and gloriously eccentric in design. Our favourite styles came either soldered into modernist metal shapes, like something you’d find hanging in the Tate Modern, or were twiddly, jewel clusters that dangle like a chandelier. It was this, of all the trends that were available to her, that Kate went hard on at the recent opening night of 42nd Street musical in London.The Princess' which are by Kate Spade cost £88. They were a bevvy of tassels and baubles in a plum colour that matched her Marchesa Notte crimson gown. She wore them with her hair down and slightly curled. She successfully made this out-there trend subtle. After seasons of minimal jewellery, this sort of eccentric accessory makes a big bold statement, even if it’s worn as tastefully as Kate did.Kate Middleton, as she was formally known, is the very definition of establishment. She’s part of the Royal Family for God’s sake. She’s a privately schooled, university educated member of the aristocracy. So, when she tries a trend she exposes it to a new dimension, it can’t be considered kooky and underground anymore. From her well-documented love of LK Bennet shoes and Jenny Packman dresses, she likes to look accessible and modern. So, her trying this trend, whether we like it or not means it’s not just for the street style savants, the young gun fashion trendsetters anymore, it’s something we can all wear.Liked this? You might also be interested in:A First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAre We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Model Reveals Racist Casting CallFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No, this is not a dream.According to WWD, Zara is set to open the world’s largest store this Friday.Spanning an impressive 65,000 square feet (just imagine the sheer number of clothing rails you could squeeze in there), the store will boast womenswear, menswear, childrenswear and accessories all in one, almighty place.According to the report, the store will also be equipped with the latest in shopping technology. Yes, the self-service checkout may finally be making an appearance alongside 'smart' dressing rooms and mobile payments. And just like that, we bid farewell to our wage...The store is based in its homeland of Madrid in the capital's financial district, Paseo de la Castellan and will subsequently become the 436th Zara in Spain. Remind us why we don't live there?According to reports, the impressive glass-front building will double up as both an incredible store and office space.Not planning on visiting the capital anytime soon? No need to fear, as the Spanish giant also proposes to build new flagship stores in Qatar, India and Japan later this year.Let’s just say, we've finally decided where we're going on holiday this summer…READ MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will LoveREAD MORE: 23 Things You’ll Only Know If You’re Addicted To Zara© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’ve been awake and scrolling them, you’ll have noticed that every Instagram It girl has been wearing layers of dainty gold chain necklaces. They glimmer and catch the light just right and do it in a way that last season’s suede chokers couldn’t. While it looks like an expensive trend to try, it’s not at all. What makes these necklaces so unique is that they stand out by not being attention-grabbing – that way you can get away with investing in cheap, but cheerful chains. They work best layered and tangled up and worn with everything from low necklines to polos. Give it a go without breaking the bank courtesy of our budget-friendly edit…Like this? Then you might also be interested in...9 Cuuute Earrings For Under 9 Quid For Your Cartilage Piercing Are We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same DressMeet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This morning, independent Australian-owned, New York-based label Sködia accused Topshop of stealing their design. This isn’t the first time a small-scale operation, which is already contending with the saturated fashion industry, has shone a light on this sort of behaviour.The design in question is a pink velvet slip dress. While not a revolutionary item, it does have a few distinctive qualities that are instantly recognisable, like a  cowl neck and crisscross back. So, when the label posted a side-by-side image of their shape next to a very similar design by Topshop, people began to take the charge seriously.To make matters worse, Sködia has said that Topshop even asked the line, which is stocked on Revolver and in Opening Ceremony, to collaborate. They posted on Instagram: ‘Shout out to our #1 fans @topshop for asking us to "collaborate" then completely ripping us off. This is a huge issue in the industry, and it has to stop FYI this is one of many styles.’'Last season Topshop had emailed us asking us to potentially stock our new season.' The label told The Debrief, 'We entertained the idea and sent over our SS17 information as requested that the public had yet to see. Followed by no response by Topshop, it recently came to our attention they had put out numerous styles and exact fabrication which was more than obvious that it had been replicated.  This is extremely disheartening as a smaller designer. Most people know this is something that happens in the fast fashion industry, but that does not make it ok.'While the scale of the fashion industry’s production and distribution may be vast, the number of trends are relatively small. As fads for silhouettes, fabrics and colours are cyclical, dipping in and out of taste, and brands accidentally and consciously reference the same inspirations, accusations like Sködia’s are becoming more and more frequent. The copycat finger no longer points just at the high street copying luxury designers, but at the top and bottom end of the spectrum as well.Topshop has told The Debrief they wish to make ‘no comment’ while they investigate the issue.Liked this? You might also be interested in:A First Person Guide To Radicalising Your Plus Size WardrobeAre We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Model Reveals Racist Casting CallFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Everyone at Paris Fashion Week lost their sh*t over a pair of silver Saint Laurent boots. And, while those won’t be available to buy for at least another few months – and will probably cost more than our yearly salary – they have sparked a metallic shoe trend for spring. Silver, unlike gold or bronze, is an elegant metallic so treat it like a nude shade, and you’ll have no problem styling these shoes, or look to Gigi Hadid who is a pathfinder in this arena. Add a little magic to your wardrobe with these cool, slick, shiny kicks…Like this? Then you might also be interested in...9 Cuuute Earrings For Under 9 Quid For Your Cartilage Piercing Are We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...According to the Business Of Fashion, Jenna Lyons is set to depart J. Crew after 26 years as the company’s creative director and president.In a statement, Lyons announced: "It has been beyond my wildest dreams to work with such an amazing team of people at such an incredible brand and alongside Mickey - one of retail’s most talented visionaries...”She continued: “I am excited about the next chapter for J.Crew as well as the opportunity for other creative leaders within the organisation to step up and take on new responsibilities.”Her departure from the brand came about after Lyons and Millard (Mickey) Drexler, the chief executive at J. Crew, 'agreed it was time for a change'. But there are no hard feelings as he told Business of Fashion: “It's been a great run. There's a lot of mutual respect between Jenna and me.”Lyons joined the company back in 1990 and was promoted to president in 2010.But with 26 years at the American fashion house under her belt, who will take the reigns?According to the Business of Fashion, J.Crew’s current head of design, Somsack Sikhounmuong, has been promoted to chief design officer. Sikhounmuong will be in charge of womenswear, menswear and childrenswear with immediate effect.Lyons will stay at J.Crew as creative advisor until the end of her contract, which expires in December 2017.We can't wait to see what the designer has in store for the future...READ MORE: Chloé Announces New Creative DirectorREAD MORE: The Rising International Fashion Brands To Know - And How To Shop Them From The UK© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Before the warm weather hits, you’ll likely be in need of a major shoe wardrobe update. So, we’ve teamed up with Tu to bring you 5 of the most stylish flat shoes to covet for Spring/Summer 2017.From pretty pastel trainers to sporty espadrilles, we’ve covered all of the bases when it comes to flats, so you can rest assured that our hand-picked selection will leave you looking great.Trainers took centre-stage at fashion week, and these cupsole ones ooze an understated style which will pair nicely with a number of casual Spring/Summer outfits. Their minimalistic design, which features a rip tape fastening and contrasting glitter ankle tab, is simple but super elegant.Show off your rustic side with these festival-worthy tan moccasins. Designed with a woven pattern, they can be teamed up with both casual and workwear outfits. Plus, thanks to their slip-on design, they’re easy-to-wear and very comfy.Pastel hues, like dusty pink, mint green, lemon and lilac are set to be huge this Spring/Summer. So, be sure to invest in some pastel trainers, like these pretty-in-pink lace up ones, to bring a pop of colour to your wardrobe.Right, it’s time to trade in your heels for these cute slip-on sneakers. Featuring an oversized bow embellishment and chic white colouring, these trainers can be paired with either casual jeans or a summery mini dress once it's proper summer.Planning on doing lots of outdoor activities and sight-seeing when the hot weather hits? Then you’ll most definitely want to look the part for your summer outings by opting to wear these practical espadrilles. Not only do they have a comfy sports sole, but their blue and black two-tone design offers a modern, athletic-inspired edge.Shop these flat shoes in-store or online at Tu.[**](https://tuclothing.sainsburys.co.uk/c/women/women-shoes-and-boots?INITD=GNav-Shoes-WShpAll)Like this? You might also be interested in:Your Yoga Pants Could Be Destroying The PlanetIs Princess Diana This Year's Style Inspo? An InvestigationYou Might Not Be Able To Get Online Shopping Delivered To The Office AnymoreFollow Arianna on Twitter @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...*Sponsored by Primark*When the weather gets warmer, we begin to trade in our winter wardrobe for more cheerful, Spring-appropriate clothes. So, there’s no reason that we shouldn’t do the same for our home decor, too, right?With that being said, it can be quite expensive (and not to mention time-consuming!) to revamp your house for every changing season. But, luckily for you, we’ve teamed up with Primark to show you how to refresh your home for Spring, all without breaking the bank…**Brighten with bedding**To transform your bedroom into a paradisiacal Spring garden without really renovating it at all, focus on switching up your colour scheme with the help of bright, patterned bedding. For tropical vibes, look for pastel-coloured prints that include palm leafs, flowers or bird designs. Plus, don’t forget to mix-and-match different pillow covers to brighten your boudoir.**Get creative with cushions**One of the simplest, yet effective ways to instantly lift a room for Spring is to accessorise with cushions. So, whether you want to add a pop of colour or introduce a new pattern into your home this year, take inspiration from natural surroundings, and look for cushions in colours like mint green, sky blue, sunny yellow and blossom pink. Alternatively, tribal, Aztec and floral patterned cushions are also hot-to-trot for SS17.**Dress up with decorative accessories**Another quick and easy way to take your home from drab to fab is to accessorise with some key decorative pieces. Things like pastel coloured candles, dinky plant pots and decorative hanging LED lights are perfect for Spring. And don’t worry if the colours of your decorative accessories clash - a mix-mash of hues is set to be a big key trend for SS17.*Shop this homeware edit from the Primark SS17 collection, which is available in-store.*© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Tu.Dressing for the unpredictable British weather is hard enough, let alone when we’re transitioning between two seasons. So, in order to really nail transeasonal dressing, you’re going to need a few key pieces that will help bridge the gap between your cosy winter wardrobe and your brighter, summer one.That’s why we’ve teamed up with Tu, to share our favourite pieces that will ensure that your cool to warm wardrobe transition is as smooth as possible. You can thank us later!A denim jacket is the perfect outerwear piece to help you make the smooth transition from Winter to Spring. Opting for one with a light, faded denim finish and pretty floral embroidery will ensure that you still look on-trend when the warm weather hits.When choosing a jumpsuit that will see you through the changing seasons, look for one with a timeless pattern, like this intricate chain design. While the weather is still cool, pair this with a jumper and some boot heels. Once it warms up, trade in your knitwear for a plain white tee and some slip-on sandals.A pretty tea dress is a must-have piece for summertime, but remember that you can always wear this item on colder days, too. Layering is key here, so pair your dress with a knitted cardigan, tights and some peep toe boots to beat the chill.A key item for your workwear wardrobe is a timeless black jumpsuit. This versatile item can be partnered with long-sleeve shirts or worn alone for smart summer styling. Plus, the self-tie waist will help you create an envious hourglass figure.No transeasonal wardrobe would be complete without a patterned shirt, as this is one item of clothing that can be worn in both cold and warm weather. When it’s cooler, wear the shirt completely buttoned up, and layer it under a round neck jumper. Once it gets warmer, roll the sleeves up and unbutton the shirt at the top so that you remain cool as a cucumber!Versatile enough to dress up or down, a pair of sophisticated wide cut trousers will help to see you through the changing seasons, as well as from office to after-work drinks. A chic pattern like simple stripes won’t go out of fashion, so you can wear the trousers all through Spring and Summer. Bonus!Shop these transeasonal pieces in-store or online at Tu.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If the point of advertising is to draw attention to your business then fashion label Eckhaus Latta has well and truly managed it. Before Friday we’d never heard of the New York-based label run by Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Lotta. But, now, three days on, the company’s X-rated campaign has been seared into our minds.They say ‘sex sells’ and Eckhaus Latta are really putting this adage to the test with their spring 17 campaign. The adverts feature Craigslist-cast models copulating, with their aubergines and fingers and spread legs on display. It’s a no-holds-barred full-frontal NSFW series. While key elements have been - kindly - pixelated by photographer Haji Shin, it’s pretty explicit, and certainly not something you want your mum or boss to catch you staring at.credit: Instagram @eckhaus_lataAdvertisements, especially for fashion and beauty brands, sell a lifestyle that’s bigger than the product and the designer. The image itself is usually manipulated - be it the clothes clipped and tailored to fit the specific model or the final photograph being altered in post-production. However, Eckhaus Latta wanted to create something authentic, so even though the end picture would be pixelated, they wanted the action to be real.‘We were thinking of how we were using sexuality, the relationship between fashion advertising and sexuality—and in very direct terms saying sex sells,’ the photographer Shin told W Magazine, adding that the message is, ‘sex-positive, body-positive, sexuality-positive’.‘For us, it was really important to think of sex as something really natural and not something fabricated, hyper-sexualized, or taboo,’ Eckhaus told the magazine.As authentic and emotionally charged as the images are, it is hard to argue that this is anything more than a cynical way of capturing the media and public's attention. Though the casting is successfully varied and diverse, there's be hardly a whisper about this as the images make a single point about sex. Though they aren’t lewd or even little bit offensive, it is still gratuitous to use copulation as a marketing tool. As the clothes get lost, crumpled and strewn in this image you'll have a difficult job convincing me this anything more than an opportunity to be attention-seeking.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...9 Cuuute Earrings For Under 9 Quid For Your Cartilage Piercing Are We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...My affinity for a jumpsuit, otherwise known as the acceptable-to-wear-on-the-streets onesie, knows no bounds. So few bounds, in fact, that I have taken it upon myself to ‘road test’ some of the best out there. A dizzying array of fabrics and shades of pink (who knew there were so many) graced my bod in a bid to bring you a definitive list of the jazziest ‘suits available right now. Right this very second. Waiting patiently. Ready to be added to your basket. Well, what on earth are you waiting for?!ASOS, Tea Jumpsuit in Floral Print, £48; ASOS, Hollywood Embellished Platform Sandals, £50Is it a dress? Is it a jumpsuit? You’re right with the second one. It’s a jumpsuit. I’m not entirely sure what benefits a jumpsuit parading as a dress holds other than the ability to sprint, unencumbered by skirts and unconcerned with the possibility that you might flash the motley crew aboard the night bus, towards the kebab shop when you finally break free from the club. Because, let’s face it, the entire point of your night out is the nugget binge that ensues afterwards. So, if 100metre sprints towards Macca’s is your jam (or, more aptly, your nugget), this jumpsuit is the one for you, my fast food fiend of a friend.Boohoo, Petite Sophia Open Side Tie Waist Jumpsuit, £12**; ASOS, Hollywood Embellished Platform Sandals, £50I feel like this kind of jumpsuit should come with its own glam squad. Can we make that a thing, please? The eagle-eyed among you will notice the waist-belt masterfully (and unintentionally) shields my vag from view, which is an absolute gift from the Gods if ever there were one considering this all-in-one is a bit short in the bod #ifyaknowwhatImean. Follow in my stretch jersey-clad leg-steps and team yours with platforms as tall as you are.ASOS, Jumpsuit with One Shoulder and Ruched Sleeve, £45; Topshop, ROA Fur Mules, £49This is the closest to truly angelic that I will ever look. Make like Aaliyah and spend your day swishing back, back and forth, forth in this devastatingly cute ‘suit, as you become entranced by the gentle swaying ruffles and pink Lava Lamp-esque glow you’re shrouded in. That is, until you realise that it’s only 10pm, and everyone left the beer garden hours ago. The bar staff are approaching you with concern plastered over their faces. You are unbothered. You have no time to care! You have SWISHING to do!ASOS, Jumpsuit in Crinkle with Wide Leg and Halter Neck in Floral Print, £48Thoughts on bridesmaid dress shopping? Pretty traumatic, right? Bypass the agg and send your bride-to-be bezzie this dynamite jumpsuit. It’s pastel green – a firm favourite of brides everywhere, it seems – and undeniably photo-friendly and, I suspect, looks slammin’ on all body shapes. Failing that, wear this to that fancy garden party you’re attending this summer. Double takes all round, bay-beh!Topshop, Two Tone Lace Jumpsuit, £110There are a lot of things to say about this get-up (the shoes, for one) but let’s zone in on the best, shall we? This jumpsuit, straight outta heaven – by heaven I mean the New In section of Topshop (side note: if heaven is anything like the New In section of Toppers then BEAM ME UP, SCOTTY!) – is, essentially, your summer saviour. There’s not a lot more I can say about it. While I don’t generally advocate a devil-may-care attitude towards hair bleaching (that. shit. is. damaging), I am fully into the concept of matching your tresses to your dresses. Just saying.ASOS, Sweat Jumpsuit with Grosgrain Tie Detail, £25Picture this: it’s Friday morning, and you are, begrudgingly, packing your bag for work (why you pack so much stuff, you’ll never know as all you really need in this life of sin is you and your lip balm) while mentally debating what to wear for post-work drinks. Cue heavy sigh. This arduous task is a lot to mount upon a pre-9AM mind, right? Right. Cut out the clothing dilemma and chuck this pretty little thing in your backpack. Easily jazzed up and just as easily dressed down, you have the snazzy contrast straps to thank for this jumpsuits ability to parade as PM-appropriate. Now off you trot! You’re going to be late for work!Like this? Then you might also be interested in:We Tried On All The Tricky Stuff For Big Boobs On ASOS To Prove Everyone WrongThis Is What Gigi X Tommy Hilfiger Looks Like On A Normal Human BeingI Tried On The Very Best Of Boohoo And It Was Better Than I ExpectedFollow Daisy on Instagram @PieandfashThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Kendall likes GCDS’ boots, Leigh-Ann Pinnock likes their bodysuits, and The Blonde Salad calls them a ‘designer to know!’. In just over two years Italian-based GCDS (AKA God Can't’ Destroy Streetwear) has managed to capture the attentions of some of the most sort after Instagram-famous It Girls. But, why? Firstly, it has a sense of humour. The label is known for redesigning other brand’s logos to spell out their name. Secondly, they are hot on trends, marking mom jeans and bombers with cheeky embroidered patches of riffing on Vetements with oversized hoodies and athleisure shapes. Get to know GCDS now….Like this? Then you might also be interested in...9 Cuuute Earrings For Under 9 Quid For Your Cartilage Piercing Are We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Meet The £7.99 Under Eye Concealer That’s Better Than Nars’Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The year was 2002, Keira Knightly had just shot to fame in Bend It Like Beckham, Kim Kardashian was still Paris Hilton’s assistant and the soundtrack to every night out was Nelly and Kelly’s Dilemma.  All we wanted in life was a backless halterneck top tailored out of paper-thin chainmail, preferably in silver, but we’d settle for it in purple and long enough to be worn as a dress. While we were wayy too young to pull this trend off the first time it hit, that’s thankfully not the case anymore. As ever, the most stylish girls on Instagram are two steps ahead and have already raided the best charity/thrift stores and inducted it into their after dark wardrobe. Put Destiny’s Child on, pretend New Labour is still a thing and invest in one of these tops STAT.Credit: Instagram @KendalljennerRetailing at a whopping $9,000, we’re not suggesting you go out and buy Kendall’s Labourjoisie dress. But we are saying, keep up with Kendall by having a major metallic disco ball moment. She teamed her slinky piece with a heap of sparkle – from the clutch to her layered choker, it was bling but in a polished way.Credit: Instagram @elizabethsmartOur perpetual style crush Elizabeth De La Piedra made our heart beat a little faster in her black and red chain-mail top. Her styling is so low-key it’s admirable. Rather than going full-throttle, like Kendall, she slipped on jeans and a coat.Credit: Instagram @graceladojaThe linked metal top may have made its debut originally in the ‘60s with Paco Rabanne and had a renaissance in the ‘90s courtesy of Versace, but Grace La Doja has brought the look into the 21st Century. It helps that she has Drake on her arm. But, for those of us missing a Drizzy date, copy her accessorising and wear yours with layered gold necklaces and low-slung trousers. The look meshes the past, present and future of fashion in an enviably effortless way.Credit: Instagram @chiaraferragniDenim day and night is our mantra. So, we're only too happy to get down with how the Blonde Salad blogger Chiara Ferrangni’s worn her ultra-sexy liquid-metal top with roughed up jeans. Full-back exposure is a must.Credit: Instagram @justineskyeUp the ante like Justine Skye has while hanging out with Hailey Baldwin. Her lace-up leather trousers cave into the tops Coyote Ugly potential, and in our books, that’s not a bad thing.Liked this? You might also be interested in:9 Ways Instagram Girls Are Crushing It In CamoAre We Seeing Triple? Or, Are ASOS, Elvi And H&M Selling The Same Dress?Quick Style Win Stolen From Instagram: Dress Like A Tequila SunriseFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When discussing those who inspire our wardrobes, we often namecheck the obvious. Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen will forever be in the top ten, sitting nicely next to a nineties Kate Moss. But often, we tend to forget one of the most influential women the fashion industry has ever seen.For the past 91 years, Queen Elizabeth II has been inspiring the nation with her royal wardrobe. And it's hardly surprising, as nobody can don a coloured co-ord quite like Her Majesty. And when it comes to accessorising, who could possibly carry a miniature handbag on the crook of their arm so elegantly?So in celebration of Her Majesty's 91st birthday (her second party will be held on the second Saturday of June), we've devised an A-Z guide on dressing like the Queen. You are very welcome.London-based footwear brand Anello and Davide is where the Queen purchases some of her favourite shoes. And it was recently revealed that Her Majesty has hired someone to break in her block heels... If that's not goals, then we don't know what is.The Queen of Style2of27London-based footwear brand Anello and Davide is where the Queen purchases some of her favourite shoes. And it was recently revealed that Her Majesty has hired someone to break in her block heels... If that's not goals, then we don't know what is.The Queen's most cherished piece of jewellery? The brooch. Her Majesty is rarely seen without a bejewelled pin on the left of her jacket. She'll even go so far as to pesonalising her brooch depending on the country she is visiting.The Queen of England? More like the Queen of colour-blocking. Her Majesty has a talent for making anything look brilliant whether its head-to-toe fuchsia or this season's 'It' hue, yellow.Diamonds are the Queen's best friend, after all.Enjoy fashion. What inspires us the most about the Queen is the way in which she embraces fashion. She plays with the colour palette, experiments with hats and is never, ever short of Instagrammable accessorises. But the best part? She's always dressed for the day ahead. Whether she's travelling by horse-drawn carriage or, well, the tube...Believe it or not, the Queen was the original festival girl. Just take a moment to appreciate the flower-embellished hats she donned in the late seventies.We can't help but wonder if the Queen inspired Princess Diana's love of colourful gloves?We doubt the Queen ever has a bad hair day but if she does, she's got a failsafe plan. Whether she's out riding her horses or going on a state visit, Her Majesty is sure to don a fabulous headscarf. And of course, the accessory will always match her co-ords.Invest. The Queen rarely performs outfit repeats. So ensure you have a co-ord for every possible occasion. You never know who you might meet and quite frankly, it could be a little embarassing...The Queen has reportedly never worn jeans. Or at least, she's never been spotted in public donning a pair.Keep your corgis close. The Queen's greatest accessories are of course her beloved pets. You cannot even begin to channel the Queen's majestic aesthetic without the help of the most quintessentially royal emblem there is.Let loose on the sparkles. You needn't be a princess to don glitter. The Queen debuted one of our favourite looks to date back in 1964 when she attended a banquet at Claridges in a gold dress and fur stole.The Queen has been carrying the miniature handbag before we even knew they were a trend.But Her Majesty doesn't just carry them on the crook of her arm for sartorial purposes, as the secret reason behind her growing collection was recently revealed...Queen Elizabeth II married Philip Mountbatten on 20 November, 1947. As the second world war had only just come to an end, Her Majesty had to purchase material for her wedding dress using ration coupons. The gown was designed by Norman Hartnell and was made from white satin.Rule number one when it comes to royal protocall? One can never be overdressed. So don layers of pearls, faux furs and always choose the sparkliest tiara.Well, you couldn't possibly rule as the Queen of England without pearls. Her Majesty is rarely spotted without a full set.Rainbow hues. There isn't a colour on the spectrum that the Queen cannot pull off. Whether it's primary red or sunny yellow. We challenge you to find someone who wears it better. Good luck.Rule the fashion scene. The Queen is never afraid to don the brightest colour in the crowd or debut the sparkliest tiara. Channel Her Majesty this season with similar flair and enthusiasm. Do Liz proud.Seek sartorial inspiration from your mum. Her Majesty often co-ordinated with the late Queen Mother. The mother/daughter duo often sported similar hats, hairstyles and miniature handbags.The Queen has only ever been photographed in trousers once. Her Majesty was pictured in a suit by Ian Thomas during the 1970 Royal Canadian Tour.The Queen is as dedicated to fashion as she is to her royal duties. And if she's going to colour-block her outfit, she isn't one to do it half-heartedly. Her Majesty even goes so far as to co-ordinate her umbrellas to her outfits.Veer away from monochrome. The Queen is no Scandi-wannabe. Want proof? We challenge you to find an ounce of minimalism in her wardrobe. So channel the rainbow and you'll soon bring a smile to your colleague's faces. We'll be paying sartorial homage to Her Majesty next Monday in sunny yellow...Oh, one does love to go outdoors. The Queen is renowned for her adoration of horses and always dresses for the occasion. Her go-to outfit? Her Majesty often teams a waistcoat and waterproof with a co-ordinating headscarf and wellies.XCI. The Queen has been reigning the style stakes for a grand 91 years. Impressive.The Queen is undoubtedly able to pull of any hue but our favourite? It has to be yellow. The sunny shade is a failsafe and the Queen has been donning the look long before any of us declared it the colour of the season.Zip up. Each of the Queen's outfits is fitted with a zip in preparation for endless outfit changes.READ MORE: **You Will Not Believe What The Queen Named Her Corgis**You Will Not Believe What The Queen Named Her CorgisREAD MORE: **8 Words That The Royal Family Would Never Use**8 Words That The Royal Family Would Never Use© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From the weather, to the architecture, to how people dress, West Yorkshire is a beautiful but grey place. Most folks stick to earthy tones. Most folks also seem to notice when a big girl is wearing something equally big. And, I’m walking down the street in a bright yellow, polka dotted dress that clings to my muffin top. Fiery lipstick matches my poppy red hair, so there’s absolutely no chance that my already fat, visible self won’t be spotted.As I got dressed to leave the house that morning, I made the conscious decision to present loudly from head-to-toe. But not before I stopped to consider that since Brexit, since Trump, since the world has gone so far-right, people have started asking me whether I will continue to pay such attention and care to fashion and beauty. ‘Surely now is the time to start focusing on less trivial matters,’ they’ve snarked.Fashion and beauty have long been considered vapid, but I don’t agree. They are only shallow if you believe that self-expression and identity politics are much the same. Because, at the end of the day, these are the reasons so many people utilise them both.As a fat woman, clothes and grooming are my weapons. For over 20 years of my life, they weren’t really accessible to me. Before the fatkini revolution, before plus size blogging, before indie e-commerce sites, getting one’s hands on inspiring, or bold, or experimental fashion was near impossible for me. It’s still difficult AF. And, it’s still largely limited to online shops. Even then it’s only available if you’re smaller than a (UK) size 28. But it’s also better than it’s ever been.Fatphobia and size discrimination are sociocultural problems. They affect people’s access to healthcare, and paychecks, and likelihood to be heckled, belittled, and mocked simply for existing. Fat people are still regularly told that their utmost duty to the universe is to shrink, to be as invisible as possible in voice, in personality, and in aesthetic just because they have a body that is far too visible.And so we are handed down the ‘rules’ of dressing. Don’t wear horizontal stripes. Don’t rock a body-hugging dress. No one wants to see those rolls. But don’t wear a tent either. You don’t want folks to think you’re even bigger. Ignore bright colours, while you’re at it. Don’t pick anything ‘too girly.’ Femininity is not for you. But don’t wear anything too androgynous or masculine. You need to make up for your fatness by presenting hyper-femininely. And never put on miniskirts, fishnet tights, low-rise anything, one-piece swimwear that isn’t skirted, no bold patterns, crop tops or booty shorts.A world that still insists on handing out these pseudo-guidelines makes fat people feel less human. So, my decision to radicalise my wardrobe is a political statement.Fat-shaming might seem like one of the least pressing forms of marginalisation to combat in times as politically troubling as these. But, when you consider its myriad intersections with gender, race, sexuality, and class, it’s certainly not something that can or should be shoved under the rug entirely. And one way to combat it is to be undeniably visible and unapologetic about that.To radicalise my own wardrobe, I first began by isolating the alleged rules for my body that most troubled me stylistically. I have always loved bright colours. Equally, I enjoy body-hugging silhouettes that wrap tightly around my 55-inch hips, and thunder thighs, and back boobs, and jiggly middle. Fishnet tights are totally my jam, even when my leg fat squishes into the tiny little holes. Perhaps, especially then. And miniskirts? Well, I love all varieties of them.For too long, I rejected these looks because I had so been conditioned to believe that they were not ‘for me.’ They were styles that you ‘earned’ by ‘working on your body.’ They were reserved for stone cold foxes who more closely resembled the latest Vogue cover star.Until I realised that these rules hold no purpose, besides further othering entire groups of people. They only help fuel harmful rhetoric surrounding diet culture and a woman’s so-called need to be as small and submissive as possible. Until I realised life is too damn short to waste it by catering to someone else’s definition of beauty or worth. And, that the only problem with my fat body is that other people have a problem with it. Until I realised that I don’t need to cater to their intolerance.So I started wearing all the clothes. I took to my closet and figured out what was in there because I thought it ‘had’ to be versus what was in there because it genuinely caused me joy. I got rid of the former while actively working towards accumulating more of the latter. Eventually, that same closet was rainbow-coloured and sparkly, animal-printed and radical in its ability to help me stop apologising for taking up space in the world. I also recently dyed my hair bright red and stopped caring who was staring and who was judging.I’m not here to tell you to get rid of all your beloved basics in favour of an entire wardrobe made of sequins (although that would be rad, too). But I am here to tell you that fashion can be empowering when used on your own terms. And, that throwing out all those ‘rules for your body’ and adorning your fatness in whatever you want is a radical act.I cannot, however, guarantee that you won’t attract attention. You are risking potential heckling (although you’re at risk of that anyway, given that you exist in a plus size body). You are risking giggles and snarky remarks from passerby. You are risking insult on the grounds of being fat and not actively striving to hide it.But if you try to remain certain in yourself — confident in the knowledge that you are not doing anything wrong (quite the opposite, in fact) — you are also confronting people with their BS prejudices. Whether you choose to smile at the haters to make them uncomfortable, ask them what it is they find so disconcerting about you, or ignore them altogether is entirely your call. But the surer you are that you deserve to wear those clothes and that you deserve to live a full life, the less anyone else’s words are likely to sting. They probably won’t stop stinging altogether. But hopefully, the sting will become more about your frustrations at ingrained fat-antagonism and less about feeling personally attacked.As for the biggest perk of all, well, that lies in your radical wardrobe’s potential to inspire others. For me, it took seeing fellow fatshion bloggers, activists, and artists in loud outfits to believe that I could present similarly. So when you step out into the world in your neon pantsuit, you might just help convince another plus-size babe out there that they have always been worthy, that they have always been lovely, and that they have always possessed radicalness within themselves, too. Ultimately, anything that helps create more happy fatties into the world will always be worth doing.Like this? Then you might be interested in...Is The Popularity Of The Body Positivity Movement Its Ultimate Downfall?Why Casey Affleck's Oscars Win MattersWonder Woman Finally Has Her Own Film And It Only Took 75 Years This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...News in the dating sphere this week, as Tinder announces its new desktop applet - gone are the famous swipes as desktop users will click and drag or use keyboard arrows to browse through potential romantic liaisons...Calling itself 'Tinder Online', the interface looks similar to the mobile app but with a permanent sidebar showing your messages, encouraging more conversation and less endless swiping. Having the app on desktop makes it feel more deliberate, maybe more intentional? Like rather than having a swipe on your phone while you've got five minutes waiting for something, you've sat down with a laptop to really have a good Tinder session. Is Tinder where you go to look for actual love? It does happen of course; I may have mentioned many moons ago my friend who had a whirlwind Tinder romance. Update: they're now happily married and expecting their second baby. Anything can happen! But I think if you went in with the mindset of looking for someone to have a proper, serious relationship with, you probably would go for a more traditional dating site?Maybe this is more of a dating app/site hybrid that the Tinder generation can get on board with. If you're taking your love life a bit more seriously but don't want to go all in and register on match.com then it does offer a recognisable, casual format, but with perhaps stronger chance of finding people who want to talk and fall in luuuurve - at least from a glance at its layout.I suppose the move towards talking and making connections is good or bad depending on what you're looking for; there were times in the past where I'd have a swipe on Tinder without any real intention to speak to anyone. Whether this is right or wrong, or even 'fair' is something people (men) may question... but tbh bugger off I don't owe you squat. The swiping itself is, I think, a useful practise - particularly if you're in that hideous phase after a breakup where you're miserable and can't imagine being with anyone else. Looking at people and purely thinking about whether you fancy them or not is a good exercise in being single, especially if you've been out of that mindset for a while.The desktop version is expected to launch in the US later this year; first, it's being rolled out in countries where Tinder users struggle with weak or unreliable mobile signal, such as Brazil, Colombia and Indonesia, so that they can more easily use it over the Internet. Seems like a good move all round to be honest - more people able to use the app, more variety in the kind of experience you want to have! The deciding factor, I guess, will be whether a good number of users take these subliminal suggestions on board and move away from the traditional Tinder hookup. After all, if you're sat there on your laptop hoping to meet someone and you're still matching with the same mobile f@!$boys* then it's not gonna be much different. Only time will tell. Maybe stories like my unicorn friend and her husband will encourage more people to take Tinder a bit more seriously.*My mum reads this column.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Half-Hearted: How Social Media Killed Mystery And Ruined DatingInstagram’s New Styling Trend Is Right From The Sk8tergirls PlaybookGemma Styles: The Weird IRL Pressures Of Having A Large Social Media FollowingFollow Gemma on Twitter @GemmaAnneStylesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...TOPSHOP! Whether it’s an LBD with a difference or a fancy floral number to take you from picnic in the park to an afresco date with mates at your favourite pub (c’mon sun!), our high-street hero never fails to deliver the goods every single season.Planning your holiday wardrobe now? Or just in need of a sartorial pick-me-up for spring (who isn't)?Topshop’s new summer collection has just dropped with styles landing in-store and online from this week…and it’s everything. Think buttercup dresses, a metallic orange slip of dreams and graphic mules.Here’s the (Topshop) dates to pencil in your diary over the next few months – with our edit of the 11 best pieces we’ll be coveting…The perfect ‘90s look for your next summer soiree! Shop the dress here.The easiest ‘brunch’ outfit. Just pair with some pastel-toned suede mules and you are right on the fashion money. Shop the dress here.Bored of your black mules? Snap up this snazzy pair for summer. Shop the shoes here.Kate Middleton has long been a fan of the ‘cold shoulder’ trend. This style is ideal for wondering around Hampstead Heath to Wimbledon. Shop the dress here.Because a girl can never have enough wrap dresses, right? *Checks bank balance.The ‘It’ colour of the season? Cute (and affordable) arm candy? Check and check.Your new ‘going out’ top.We’re a little bit in love with this romantic and rosy number that is ideal for balmy evenings.Anyone getting major She’s All That vibes?Alexa Chung would approve.Solange fans will fall for this statement mini-dress.READ MORE: 12 Of The Best Summer Picks To Shop In MangoREAD MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels To Lust Over RN © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Can we talk about Elle Fanning's exceptional wardrobe?She may just be turning 19, but Elle is already a seasoned red carpet pro, having been a fixture at industry events and fashion shindigs since her breakout role in 2011's Super 8. She possesses a sartorial nous beyond her years, demonstrating an impressive ability to pull off looks that are both fashion-forward and age-appropriate: it's no wonder that she's a front row regular for brands like Gucci, Miu Miu and Rodarte.With a signature style that's probably best described as 'feminine with an edge,' Elle takes fashion tropes that would verge on the saccharine in less capable hands - we're talking pastel pinks, floral embellishment, tiered skirts and pussybow necklines - and manages to make them look effortlessly cool. We're not in the slightest bit jealous. Not at all.The rising star has been on our radar since she starred as Aurora in Disney's Sleeping Beauty re-boot, Maleficent, with a covetable promo tour wardrobe to rival that of her co-star Angelina Jolie: we're talking ethereal Alexander McQueen, co-ords by Aussie up-and-comers Ellery and a dreamy princess gown by Georges Hobeika, not to mention Elle's IRL Cinderella moment in beaded ice-blue Elie Saab.Since then, she's clocked up innumerable mentions in the 'best dressed' lists, including a pitch-perfect Met Gala appearance in baby pink Thakoon and some enviable Gucci gowns on the promo trail for the Oscar-nominated Trumbo.Currently promoting horror film The Neon Demon, she's once against demonstrated that she can wear pastels like no one else, opting for babydoll Giamba, princessy pink Zuhair Murad (a gown which also doubled-up as her prom dress. Aww) and dramatic peacock print Valentino. Oh, and she's also finally succumbed to Instagram, creating an account to coincide with her 18th birthday, but you won't find Facetuned selfies and cups of artisan coffee on her grid. Instead, Elle's all about alternative posing and shoutouts to The Lizzie McGuire Movie. Love your reflection. #theneondemon #paris "you'll understand after you see the movie"A post shared by  Elle Fanning (@ellefanning) on Jun 4, 2016 at 11:38am PDT Living out my dream of being Hilary Duff in The Lizzie McGuire Movie #rome #whatdreamsaremadeofA post shared by  Elle Fanning (@ellefanning) on Jun 6, 2016 at 3:08pm PDTEven at the airport, Elle's style is one step beyond the standard tracksuit get-up. Always equipped with round glasses and donning something bright, she refuses to be inconspicuous.One of Elle's biggest roles to date is playing Julie in Mike Mills' film 20th Century Women (2017) alongside the likes of Annette Bening. The film was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards as well an Oscar nomination for as Best Original Screenplay.To promote the film, Elle stretched her sartorial wings and wore a pale yellow embellished two-piece by Rodarte with Jimmy Choo heels and Tiffany & Co. jewellery.Elle also starred in Live By Night with Ben Affleck (writer and director) and Sienna Miller. She dazzled at the premieres, wearing a pale yellow strapless dress by Oscar de la Renta and a black shirt dress by Carolina Herrera.Elle's style excelled once again when she went to the Sundance Film Festival in Utah. She wowed in a pale pink Max Mara coat and dramatic bow-tie, and then kept it simple in a cream off-shoulder dress and then t-shirt and trousers.Elle, we salute you and your flawless taste in fashion.See all of Elle's best looks so far in the gallery below...Credit: Getty ImagesWearing Gucci at the Paris premiere of 'The Neon Demon'Elle Fanning Best Looks2of57Wearing Gucci at the Paris premiere of 'The Neon Demon'Wearing Giamba at a 'Neon Demon' photocall in RomeWearing Gucci at the brand's Cruise afterpartyWearing Gucci at the brand's Cruise 2017 show at Westminster AbbeyWearing Elie Saab at the UK premiere of 'The Neon Demon'Wearing Zuhair Murad to the Cannes screening of 'The Neon Demon'At 'The Neon Demon' after party in CannesWearing Valentino at the amfAR Cinema Against AIDS GalaWearing Thakoon at the Met Gala 2016At CinemaCon 2016Wearing Saint Laurent at the brand's A/W showWearing Gucci at the US premiere of 'Trumbo'Wearing Gucci at the Toronto Film Festival premiere of 'Trumbo'Wearing Emilio Pucci at the Toronto Film Festival premiere of 'About Ray'Wearing Derek Lam at the Sirius FM studiosWearing Prada at the opening night gala of 'Tig' at the Los Angeles LGBT film festivalWearing Valentino at the Women In Film pre-Oscars party, 2015Wearing Rodarte at the Rodarte x Superga dinnerWearing Marchesa at the Low Down premiereAt the US premiere of 'The Young Ones'Leaving 'The Late Show With David Letterman' tapingArriving at 'The Late Show With David Letterman' tapingAt the Mill Valley Film Festival screening of 'Low Down'Wearing Oscar de la Renta at 'The Boxtrolls' premiereAt the Hollywood Foreign Press Association dinnerWearing Christopher Kane at Comic Con 2014Wearing Lanvin at the Japanese press conference for 'Maleficent' with Angelina JolieWearing Alexander McQueen at the Japanese premiere of 'Maleficent,' with Angelina JolieWearing an Aurora print dress at Narita International Airport in JapanWearing Alexander McQueen at the Japanese premiere of MaleficentWearing Elie Saab at the US premiere of 'Maleficent'Wearing Georges Hobeika at the Kensington Palace screening of 'Maleficent'Wearing Ellery at the London photocall for 'Maleficent'Wearing Valentino for the Paris photocall for 'Maleficent'Wearing Versace at the Marie Claire Fresh Faces partyWearing Miu Miu for the brand's A/W'14 showWearing Louis Vuitton for the brand's A/W'14 showWearing Rodarte to the Met Gala 2013Wearing Lanvin to the GLAAD Media AwardsWearing Chanel at the Critics' Choice Awards 2013Wearing Oscar de la Renta at the British Independent Film Awards 2012Wearing Rochas at the premiere of 'Ginger and Rosa' at the BFI Film FestivalWearing a vintage dress at the premiere of 'Ginger and RosaWearing Rodarte at the Critics' Choice Awards 2012Wearing Louis Vuitton at the premiere of 'We Built A Zoo'At the LA premiere of 'The Neon Demon'Wearing ruffled Gucci for the New York premiere of 'The Neon Demon'Wearing a pale pink slip dress for an appearance at AOL BuildIn Rodarte at the Harper's Bazaar Celebrates 150 Most Fashionable Women party in 2017.Wearing a Max Mara coat while attending a lunch celebrating films powered by women at Sundance festival in 2017.At the Annual Artios Awards in 2017.Wearing Oscar de la Renta at the premiere of Live By Night.Wearing Carolina Herrera at the New York premiere of Live By Night.Wearing Rodarte with Jimmy Choo heels at the premiere of 20th Century Women.Wearing ASOS at the ASOS dinner and collection unveil.Wearing Marc Jacobs at the Variety's Power of Young Hollywood party.READ MORE: Lily-Rose Depp's Best Fashion Moments So FarREAD MORE: Saoirse Ronan: Everything You Need To Know About The 'Brooklyn' Actress© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Love our High Street Issue cover look by Warehouse?We're giving 5 lucky the readers the chance to win the lilac, cold-shoulder dress with pleat detail and on-trend wide sleeves. What's more, you will also receive a £250 voucher to spend at Warehouse.To enter, simply share a picture of you reading your Grazia on Instagram or Twitter - whether it's on your commute, in bed on a Sunday morning or by the pool (lucky you!) - and make sure to tag both @GraziaUK and @WarehouseUK to win. Don’t forget to include the hashtag #MyGrazia, too.Good luck!Terms and conditionsThe prize is the dress featured on the cover of the 28th March 2017 issue and £250 to spend online or in-store. Competition opens Tuesday 28 March and ends on Monday 3 April at midnight. Entries received before the start date or after the end date will be invalid. The prize may not be substituted for cash or any other products. If Warehouse has not been able to contact the winner within 7 days, they reserve the right to offer the prize to another entrant. Once the winner has confirmed their address, the £250 prize will be sent out within 7 days, the dress will be sent as soon as the full shipment has been received into the Warehouse distribution centre, this will be before the end of April. Warehouse cannot be held responsible for the prize being delayed due to unforeseen technical issues or distribution problems.Read Bauer's full terms and condititions here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After Hedi Slimane’s shock departure at Saint Laurent last year, industry talk inevitably turned to who could possible follow suit? Of course, during his four-year tenure, Slimane fast established himself as fashion’s new bad boy on the block – with his always uber-modern and (more often) controversial collections grabbing headlines each season.But, it seems his predecessor Italian-Belgian designer Anthony Vaccarello is getting in on the action too.The one major talking point on the runway this AW17? Those YSL ‘80s infused glitter boots, that would not look out of place adorned on Grace Jones in Studio 54.And according to WWD the fancy footwear - handmade and covered in 3,000 rhinestones per shoe -  has ‘already amassed wait-lists at American department stores Saks Fifth Avenue and Bergdorf Goodman. Rihanna’s currently ‘obsessed’ with her pair, which she recently posted on her Instagram.Although you may need to start saving now if you want to snap up a pair yourself – they will retail at $10,000 (£6,000).‘In speaking with buyers about the state of accessories post-season, many identified the slouch boot as a key trend for fall,’ WWD report. ‘Saint Laurent’s runway boots were repeatedly noted as one of the season’s key items — along with the Pixie bag from Clare Waight Keller’s final collection for Chloé.’So, when it comes to your shoe-drobe in six months, remember: MORE is more...READ MORE: H&M Are Launching A New Fashion Brand (That Scandi Fans Will Love)READ MORE: The £95 Tee That's Got Everyone Talking, Thanks To Victoria Beckham© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ok, so while it’s definitely feeling spring-ier out there, balmy it is is not. Which is why the latest bag trend might seem a bit bonkers – beach baskets, without a beach in sight. And yet – we really ruddy want one.Why? Well, for one thing, they’re super roomy - if there’s space for a hamman towel, then there’s definitely space for your packed lunch. And for another, once the weather veers into bare skin territory, your go-to leather cross body will start to look a bit too wintery.Plus, they tend towards the cheaper side, since they’re made of, erm, straw – Bohemia’s 34 quid version is spot on, but if you’re looking to invest, Mark Cross makes an uber-luxe version.We’ll be wearing ours to the office, but then, there’s no such thing as a dress code at Grazia HQ (no one blinks an eye at our bejewelled pool slides or supersized earrings). But if 'office appropriate attire' and 'raffia shopper' are mutually exclusive terms for you, fear not. Use yours to carry leeks back from the greengrocers, a book to the park, or even your sticky socks to pilates.We’ve just one word of advice: save the multi-coloured pompoms for the beach, or risk looking like a bit of a fashion basket case…Check out our gallery to see where you can shop the trend:Basket with lid. £130, Blooming DreamerBasket bags2of6Basket with lid. £130, Blooming DreamerCircle basket bag, £34, BohemiaWicker basket bag with shoulder strap, £95, Hat Attack at shopbop.comStraw bucket bag, £469, Khokho at masion-de-mode.comLeather detailed cross-body bag, £1545, Mark Cross at matchesfashion.comStraw bag with leather handles, £160, MuunREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street DressesREAD MORE: This 90s Fashion Item Has Made A Major Comeback© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s one shop ahead of the high-street pack RN (sorry, Zara)...Mango.When it comes to fashion forward, easy-to-wear separates or chic day-to-night dresses Mango's our go-to. And, as it happens, the most Instagram-worthy. Their new sustainable (and totally affordable) ‘Committed Collection’ has the cool-girl stamp of approval - with the likes of Patricia Manfield and Diletta Bonaiuti getting in on the eco-action.And thankfully, the Mango gods have just made shopping for it’s the ‘beginning-of-spring-and-we’re-ready-for-summer’ weather so much easier.Think stripy off-shoulder dresses and Scandi-style bucket bags perfect for weekend lounging in the park to simple 'brunch' tees with a twist. *Clapping hands emoji.Here’s our pick of the best SS17 buys to buy now in Mango (Note: their pieces have been known to sell out fast, so we suggest you snap up quickly to avoid the dreaded ring-around 11 stores on your lunch break)...For those with an aversion to statement maxis – this orange boho number may just sway you. Shop the dress here.We’re calling this the BFF of summer dresses. You can always rely on them to make you feel your ‘best’ self. Shop the dress here.Yellow sunglasses are ‘in’ this SS17, thanks to Bella Hadid and co pulling off the bold eyewear look. Shop the specs here.Your simple, chic alternative to your trusty LBD. Shop the dress here.AKA, your holiday essential. Shop the dress here.Flared sleeve? Check. Ideal for festival season? CHECK. Shop the top here.In need of giving your arm candy a refresh? Take it back to basics with this minimal and voluminous top handle design. Shop the handbag here.Oh the hardships of hunting for a ‘summer suit’ that won’t make you 1.) Sweat an inordinate amount and 2.) Is loose enough to let you breathe but smart enough to wear to the office. Enter: this aqua queen co-ord. Must.Buy.Now. Shop the look here.A cool and flattering midi, you’ll get major wear out of this season. Shop the dress here.Drawstring? Frayed finish? This skirt from the ‘Committed Collection’ takes asymmetric cuts to new heights. Shop the skirt here.Pair with matching trousers or some denim cut-off jeans and you're good to go. Shop the top here.The ‘70s bridesmaids look is always a winner, dontchathink? Shop the dress here.READ MORE: 12 Of The Most Instagrammed High Street Pieces To Shop NowREAD MORE: 9 New Zara-Like Labels You Need To Know About © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Model Lilah Parsons exposed the ugly side of fashion on Twitter this week. While diversity has long been a problem of the industry few casting agents, brands or model bookers are willing to admit the real depth of the problem. Parsons, who is a television presenter has worked for labels like Chanel and Vivienne Westwood, tweeted a screenshot from a 2011 casting call that asked for: ‘All hair lengths and colours no afro’. A second image revealed that another casting call echoed this saying, ‘Hair Type: All except afro’.Lilah prefaced the social media blast saying, ‘When I started modelling, casting requests frequently contained comments like this - I hope times have changed..’. The tweet was sent out in response to Leomie Anderson’s article in Elle that was a letter to her 15-year-old self about her teen beauty struggles as a woman of colour. All Elle has said in response was just, ‘wow. That’s…wow.’While fashion has come on miles in the last few years with more people of colour walking in last season’s collections than ever before and with an increase in the number of beauty brands catering to a range of skin tones, this tweet shows there is still a lot of work to be done.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...5 Smart Things To Say About Comme Des Garçons Bonkers AW17 ShowThe One Item All PFW Girls Rely On When It’s RainingRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘If you can’t beat ‘em, join them...’ is a phrase Victoria Beckham has taken quite literally of late.The former Spice Girl turned #fashionboss is well aware of her seemily super-serious exterior in public. But now Posh has poked fun at her ‘poker face’...emblazoned on a T-shirt.Jetting into LAX, Beckham donned a slogan ‘Fashion Stole My Smile’ tee  (paired with oversized trousers and her signature pout, naturally).Could this be the best airport style ever? Quite possibly.Slogan tees are having a big moment this season – but this piece is every fashion girl’s dream (or anyone who happens to be inundated with links on what ‘Your Bitchy Resting Face REALLY Means’).Oh and the best news? You can now buy Victoria Beckham’s tongue-in-cheek item on her website - made from soft white cotton jersey in a boyfriend tee cut - from her new collection (warning: at £95, it ain’t cheap!)'My limited edition #VVBFashionStoleMySmile tee is now available on my site and in stores x VB victoriabeckham.co,' she wrote on Twitter. Speaking to US Vogue in 2015, she revealed the ‘worst question’ she is ever asked ‘is “why don’t you ever smile?”‘I'm smiling on the inside,’ she quipped. ‘But I feel like I have a responsibility to the fashion community.’VB – never change.READ MORE: 10 Slogan T-Shirts We're Lusting OverREAD MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will Love © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ah, the nineties. It was the decade we fell head over heels for the velvet choker, layered silky spaghetti-strap dresses over white tees and desperately sought to imitate the art of effortless chic, as demonstrated by nineties style icon Kate Moss.And this season, fashion's 'It' crowd are seeking sartorial inspiration from the nineties once more.Just take a moment to analyse model Gigi Hadid’s dominant spot in the street style stakes. The 21-year-old has made a case for the crop top in recent months, teaming it up with waist-skimming deconstructed jeans and tinted sunnies.And Selena Gomez is following close behind. In recent months, the actress-turned-singer has shaken off her Disney aesthetic with the sartorial aid of nineties style tactic, layering lingerie as outerwear.And let’s not forget Kendall Jenner’s 21st birthday dress. The model donned a $9,000 chain-mail dress decked in Swarovski crystals for the milestone, inspired by no other than nineties icon Paris Hilton.The socialite debuted the look for her own 21st birthday back in 2002, in a slinky dress by Labourjoisie, accessorised with a diamond chocker by Noudar. Kendall did however trade in the butterfly clips for minimal earrings.And the recent surge in nineties fashion is no coincidence. Global fashion giant Lyst has monitored search over the past six months and has revealed that these four nineties tops in particular have garnered attention from the fashion crowd this season:According to Lyst, there has been a 27 percent in search for the lace camisole top. First donned by the likes of Jennifer Anniston (AKA Rachel Green), the top was often teamed up with bootcut jeans and crimped hair.And this season, the fashion elite have well and truly adopted the trend. Kendall Jenner and Selena Gomez are the latest 'It' girls to recruit the top this season, often accessoring the look with a velvet choker.According to Lyst, the most searched for lace camisole of the season is by Zara so make sure to bag the top, asap.The crop top has received a surprising 46 percent increase in search this season. First donned by nineties pop icon Britney Spears, the top has resurfaced for spring/summer '17. Bella Hadid is a fan of the trend, often teaming the crop with tinted aviators and a biker.According to Lyst, the most searched for crop top this season is by Topshop.Ah, the halter neck top. We challenge you to find a garment that defines the era so accurately. Which A-listers were guilty of donning the look back in the day? Cameron Diaz was notably a fan of the trend.And this season, Kendall Jenner has reinvented the item, teaming it with high-waisted denim skirts and ankle boots. Search for the halter has increased by 105 percent so make sure to bag the 'It' top, asap. Before we do...According to Lyst, the most searched for halter neck top this season is by Tibi.First donned by Paris Hilton, the sequin top has regained sartorial status this season. Kendall most recently sought inspiration from the nineties icon for her 21st birthday. The sequin top has seen an increase in search by 67 percent over the past six months.According to Lyst, the most searched for sequin top this season is by H&M.READ MORE: 5 Style Lessons We Learnt From ‘90s Kate MossREAD MORE: 14 Of Winona Ryder’s Most Iconic '90s Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Who are millennial shoppers? This is a question retailers are constantly asking themselves...Why? Sure, we may earn £8,000 less in our 20s than our parents’ generation, but do not underestimate the consumer value of Generation Y (millennials are the masterminds of online shopping come payday - or any day really).And now a new US study from resale marketplace, Poshmark, has determined the five most popular fashion brands for millennials. Zara and Mango fans may find this surprising.The #1 brand?Luxe yoga wear label Lululemon. Yes, the high-end sportswear brand has been around since the ‘90s but, thanks to clever endorsement from the likes of the Kardashian’s and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, has developed a cult-like following in recent years.Athleisure fans will be well acquainted with Lululemon’s signature capri-length black leggings and fuss-free jackets the cool LA set can’t get enough of come gym time.The survey data also showed Free People (FYI: if '70s Stevie Nicks is your style pin-up, this label is all you’ll ever need), Madewell (Alexa Chung’s go-to for easy denim and chic basics), Gucci and Adidas were also in high-demand.Happy shopping!READ MORE: Millennials Earn £8,000 Less In Their 20s Than The Previous GenerationREAD MORE: What's New On Netflix In April? © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Six years ago I got my helix pierced during one crazy weekend in Brighton. It hurt like hell and took a zillion years - no exaggeration - to heal. Once it finally calmed down, I was so accustomed to the metal surgical hoop it got pierced with that I never bothered to take it out. It’s only now, several aeons on, and after many scrolls of Instagram, that I have got a real yearning to sort this ear out. The only problem is, every helix-approps earring I like seems to cost the same as a deposit on a small London flat. Sorry, but I don’t want to wear my wallet on my ear, and I don’t believe I should have to. So, after much Googling and many slow-loading tabs, I have found nine interesting and affordable earrings that will jazz up your cartilage holes in a hot second.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...5 Smart Things To Say About Comme Des Garçons Bonkers AW17 ShowThe One Item All PFW Girls Rely On When It’s RainingRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Spring has been a long time coming, but now it has officially sprung, Office has the perfect plethora of shoes to make over winter feet.Ladylike styles take centre stage and attention to detail is key. Think oversized bows, pom-poms, pearls and all the trimmings, which transform courts and flats alike into serious style statements. Metallics shimmer and patents are high-shine, in deep hues of rich maroon and ocean blue, while pastel-toned velvet and brocade complete the more-is-more trend.Want a tougher look? Then buckles, metal details and oversized eyelets scattered across hard-wearing leathers and sumptuous suedes give a nod to the Western trend.To celebrate the new collection, Office is offering Grazia readers an exclusive 25 percent off purchases in-store between 28 March and 3 April. Simply pick up this week's issue.Get them before they go...Shop Grazia's favourites in the gallery below:Credit: OfficeSnowball Slides, £26, OfficeOffice Discount - Grazia2of6Snowball Slides, £26, OfficeMagic Bow Back Mid Heels, £68, OfficeBlack Astrid Boots, £88, OfficeSmitten Slip-On Shoes, OfficeSilver Margot Block Heels, OfficeHarmony Bow Trim Sandals, £68, OfficeTerms and conditions:This promotion entitles the bearer to 25% off a single transaction. Valid in all Office stores in the UK and Republic of Ireland, excluding concessions and office.co.uk. Offer valid 28 March to 3 April 2017. One voucher per customer. The discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer and is non-transferable. The discount cannot be used to purchase gift cards.The discount is available on full-priced Office own-brand product and selected brands only. Adidas, Puma Fenty and UGG are excluded. The voucher will be retained by the store after use. Photocopied pages will not be accepted.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This mesh tote is an exciting new collab between London based designer Lulu Guiness and Kristjana S. Williams. Together they have created exclusive prints for the capsule collection and I’m in love with this must-have. I’m going on holiday next week and this is the perfect beach bag.This mesh tote is an exciting new collab between London based designer Lulu Guiness and Kristjana S. Williams. Together they have created exclusive prints for the capsule collection and I’m in love with this must-have. I’m going on holiday next week and this is the perfect beach bag.Next on my holiday shopping list is this Hunza G bikini. It reminds me of one my mum wore back in the ‘80s.We’ve been shouting about it for months but gingham is here to stay. I particularly love this red skirt in the cult check from Zara. Tuck a white tee into it and finish with Converse for the perfect low key spring look.Gingham skirt, £25.99, ZaraThe ultimate in fancy footwear. These star print trainers from Hush are sure to brighten up any rainy day…Star trainers, £175, hushWhen it comes to spring, you need to be prepared for April showers. And what chicer way to shield yourself from the rain than in this shiny silver anorak?Silver anorak, £230, IKSSI’ve always thought I can’t wear bright red as I’m super fair but I’ve had a change of heart. And what better way to do it than with this high neck number from Topshop?Tie-sleeve top, £29, TopshopI’ve spotted a micro trend amongst costume jewellery - tortoise shell. And these cool hoops are on the top of my shopping list.Hoop earrings, £25, WhistlesWhen it comes to spring, you need to be prepared for April showers. And what chicer way to shield yourself from the rain than in this shiny silver anorak?Oversized coat, £69.90 UniqloI love these block heels from Zara. I’ll be wearing mine with wide-legged black denim jeans and a grey knit.Block heels, £79.99, ZaraSupersized black sunnies? I’m in. Talk about chic...Black sunglasses, £100, ReissI love a leather biker jacket and spring has finally arrived ladies so it’s time to invest. This one from H&M is perfect.Leather jacket, £199.99, H&M© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Every so often a fashion trend causes a shopping frenzy. Do you remember the winter of pink coats? Or, the summer of off-the-shoulder dresses? Well, there’s a new craze in town, and it's very, very specific. So, precise in fact that three brands have made the same dress.We’re not exaggerating or being hyperbolic: ASOS, curve-label Elvi and H&M have all designed exactly the same piece and are selling it as if it's an own-brand item. It’s really beautiful, so we get it. And, it’s an affordable way to humpback on Valentino and Dior’s sheer, embroidered dress trend.The frock in question is tailored out of floral embroidered tulle and is worn over a slip. ASOS has tapered their smock with short sleeves, a crew neck and a pinched waist and is selling it for £120. Elvi’s, which costs £75, has a V-neck and an empire waist. H&M’s dress has full sleeves, an empire waist, a plunging neckline and is currently available to buy through the brand’s Indian site. Notably, Zara sold this piece first. While it’s now sold out their floral tulle dress used the same textile, but in black and was priced at £70.Though the silhouettes may marginally differ, the statement embroidered fabric is exactly the same. Even though we like to think where we shop speaks to who we are and our sense of style, this dress shines a spotlight on just how small the mass-market, high street industry actually is. It shows that the retailers all look to the same factories for affordable-priced fabrics and the same few high-end designer brands for inspiration. So, if you want to buy something that no one else has, you’ll have to dig a lot deeper than these four labels.Liked this? You might also be interested in:The 3 Factors That Affect Our Lipstick ChoiceThere's Now Another Household Item You Can Use To Apply Foundation If You Don't Have Brushes To HandWhat Happened When I Went Dumpster Diving For Beauty ProductsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by ConverseIf you’re all about letting your shoes do the talking, then you’ll be pleased to know that Converse have created a dreamy pastel-inspired Spring Blossom collection. The exclusive range, which features the classic Chuck Taylor All Star Low style, is available in 6 pretty pastel shades and is guaranteed to get you in the mood for Spring.Seeing as pastels hues are set to be big for SS17, this new shoe collection, which favours colours like pink, lilac and khaki, will help you make a real fashion statement. But what we love most about the range is the fact that each trainer features a contrasting pastel colour tab at the back, as well as some on-trend rose gold eyelets. Could you even ask for more?We have to admit: we’ve never seen Converse look or feel quite so on point. As you would expect, these trainers have been made with premium leather and soft suede materials, meaning that they’re pretty, practical and super stylish. Bonus.But ladies, be warned: if you want to get your mitts on a pair of these stylish soles, then you’ll have to act fast, because they’re only available while stocks last. So, you better shop them online or in-store at Office for £62.99 now.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...*Sponsored by Primark*Fashion-forward, yet practical Spring and Summer workwear can be hard to come by, especially on the high street. But, that doesn’t mean that your office wardrobe is doomed to be dull and dreary. With the help of Primark’s new SS17 collection, we’re going to show you how to work your workwear with success. So, get ready for a style refresh (all without breaking the bank)…**Trend 1: Pastel Power**Brighten your mood, and keep all of the attention on you in the boardroom by dressing in vivid colours. For SS17 in particular, opt for flattering pastel shades like candyfloss pink, mint green, baby blue or lilac. Trust us: a pop of colour never looked so good!**Trend 2: Smart Meets Casual**To make a casual dress look work-appropriate, layer it with a structured blazer. Aim for one with a simple pattern and neutral colour tones, so that you can mix-and-match it with a number of different garments.**Trend 3: Suit Up**A tailored co-ord set, like this floral printed suit, is ideal for Britain’s breezy Spring months, and will ensure that you mean business in the workplace. To keep all of the attention on your patterned ensemble, pair it with some chunky heels and a tucked-in shirt. Plus, remember that you can wear a co-ord set separately, too, for even more styling possibilities.**Trend 4: Chic Silhouettes**Stay office-chic with a figure-flattering jumpsuit that’s cinched in at the waist. During the Spring, pair this sophisticated, yet comfy garment with a simple long sleeved-top, and some statement heeled boots. In the Summer, you can experiment by wearing a T-shirt underneath, or leave it as is – talk about versatile!**Trend 5: The New Trench**A statement trench coat is a true wardrobe investment piece. For SS17, opt for a thin one with rolled-up sleeves, and go for a daring colour, like burnt orange. Then, up the ante with some Kim Kardashian-esque sunglasses, and slip on some stylish sandals for comfy work vibes.Trend 6: Fancy FrillsAs you approach the warmer Summer months, trade in your suits for a feminine, flowing dress. A key trend for this year is subtle frills, so work these into your outfit with the help of a ruffled dress or some hero accessories.*Shop this workwear edit from the Primark SS17 collection, which is available in-store.*© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To celebrate our High Street Issue, on newsstands today, senior fashion editor Gemma Hayward has scoured the high street to bring you her edit of the best shoes, bags, dresses, trousers and coats.Let's be honest, it's a great feeling to finally slip out of the layers of knitwear you have been draped in throughout the stretch of winter and slip into a dress instead. Hello spring!And as if to celebrate the seasonal shift, the high street have debuted some great dresses; dresses that are occasion-bending, made out of satin and velvet and even have drawstring detailing...Take a look at Grazia's top three favourites below:This military shirt neckline dress from Zara  is a smart choice for those who like a structured and smart ensemble but want to look effortless. Just throw this on for work with a pair of ballerina flats, or to dress it up simply team it with some mules.H&M's satin mini dress with diagonal drawstring is a twist on the classic cocktail LBD, and we're making evenings plans just so we can wear it.Comfy but still stylish, Warehouse's drawstring waist midi dress is perfect for warm spring days. Why not pair with sandals? Yes, we're feeling optimistic...Shop the high street drop in the gallery below:Velvet Ruched Dress by Boutique, £130 from TopshopGrazia high street issue - dresses2of10Velvet Ruched Dress by Boutique, £130 from TopshopWhite One Shoulder Lace Dress, £85 from NextFloral Print Long Sleeve Midi Dress, £55 from Marks & SpencerSatin Dress with a Drawstring, £34.99 from H&MDrawstring Waist Midi Dress, £46 from WarehouseLong Dress with Fine Straps, £239 from SandroBlack Gingham Check Short Sleeve Smock Dress, £17.99 from New LookMidi Dress With Shirt Neckline, £39.99 from ZaraWaverly Midi Dress, £118 from AnthropologieTu Navy Gingham Belted Dress, £20 from SainsburysREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... Shoes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To celebrate our High Street Issue, on newsstands today, senior fashion editor Gemma Hayward has scoured the high street to bring you her edit of the best shoes, bags, dresses, trousers and coats.When investing in a whole new spring wardrobe (which is what we intend to do this week), you cannot forget to accessorise. Yes, cue our favourite topic - handbags.This is perhaps our favourite bag of the season. This net number is on the top of our wish list this week. Can you imagine a greater accessory on the beach?COS is the Scandi go-to when it comes to accessories. We have our hearts (and credit cards) set on this black shopper.We're saving up for this red saddlebag from & Other Stories. It’s undoubtedly the perfect bag for any upcoming spring city breaks you have planned.Shop the high street drop in the gallery below:Mini Leather Saddle Bag, £69 from & Other StoriesGrazia high street issue - bags2of9Mini Leather Saddle Bag, £69 from & Other StoriesLinen and leather duffel bag Lin, £80 from Comptoir des CotonniersFilt Large Net Bag, £18 from The LineMessenger Bag with Embroidered Bird Detail, £15.99 from StradivariusPalm Bird Embroidered Clutch, £30 from OasisRuffled Leather Shopper Bag, £150 from COSMedium Woven Plaid PVC Tote, £155 from Lane CrawfordMillbank Small Cross Body Bag, £129 from Radley LondonBeige Pimlico Cross Body Bag, £199 from HobbsREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... ShoesREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... Jackets© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To celebrate our High Street Issue, on newsstands today, senior fashion editor Gemma Hayward has scoured the high street to bring you her edit of the best shoes, bags, dresses, trousers and coats.Ditch the faux fur coats and oversized bomber jackets - you no longer need to battle arctic temperatures. It's spring and that means a wardrobe overhaul, starting with your outerwear.Take a look at Grazia's top three favourites below:Trench coats are the ultimate spring item and they always look chic. This beige classic trench coat from River Island is the perfect winter-into-spring transitional piece, promising to keep you warm enough when there is a chilly breeze but can still show off your outfit underneath.This hooded midi trench from Gap is more casual but is great for day-to-day wear, and will keep you dry in the April showers.Whistles' amazing Limited Edition capsule collection includes this Kara Contrast Jacket - the ultimate smart-chic item to have in your wardrobe. Pair with the matching tailored trousers to impress.Shop the high street drop in the gallery below:Hooded Mini Trench, £59.99 from GapGrazia high street issue - jackets and coats2of10Hooded Mini Trench, £59.99 from GapKara Contrast Jacket, £220 from WhistlesFlavor Trench Coat, £160 from Cheap MondayWrap Linen Blouse, £35.99 from MangoH! by Henry Holland Pink Cropped Quilted Jacket, £75 from DebenhamsMyla Military Jacket, £89 from MonsoonDark Beige Classic Trench Coat, £68 from River IslandCarpenter Denim Jacket, £70 from hushOversized Parka, £150 from COSKhaki Embellished Camo Jacket, £95 from Miss SelfridgeREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... TrousersREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... Shoes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To celebrate our High Street Issue, on newsstands today, senior fashion editor Gemma Hayward has scoured the high street to bring you her edit of the best shoes, bags, dresses, trousers and coats.Here at Grazia HQ, we've been eagerly anticipating payday. Why? Because the high street's latest drop has made quite the impression on our shopping lists. What are we seeking the most, you ask? Trousers.Take a look at Grazia's top three favourites below:These are the ultimate disco pants. We’ll be teaming them with a backless tie-sleeve jumper and slip-on heels. We wonder if we’ll be able to get away with them at the office…Ready to sport the athleisure trend? Bag a pair of these luxe trousers and you’re good to go. Simply team them up with box-fresh trainers and a roll neck.The word on everyone’s lips this season? Denim. These culottes are at the top of our wish list. Pair them with a statement-emblazoned tee and backless loafers.Shop the high street drop in the gallery below:Dickies X UO Sand Trousers, £45 from Urban OutfittersGrazia high street issue - trousers2of11Dickies X UO Sand Trousers, £45 from Urban OutfittersWisteria Blue Denim Culottes, £75 from French ConnectionCaralyn Print Trouser, £145 from LK BennettStriped Sailor Pant from J.CrewSash Metallic Trouser, £69.99 from MangoNeon Rose Wide Leg Culottes with Frill Hem, £35 from ASOSWarehouse Pleated Culottes, £45 from House of FraserLoose Envers Satin Trousers, £185 from PinkoDe Albury Pants, £60 from DieselWomen's Fashion Shoe Contrast Band Grain De Poudre Wide Pants,£213 from LacosteModern Rarity Linen Wide Leg Trousers, £120 from John LewisREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... DressesREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... Shoes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last season corsets had a rebrand. They shook off their fuddy top drawer image and (physically and literally) oppressive origins. They were reborn as a cool, waist-cinching accessory beloved my Prada and JW Anderson. Last year it loosened its strings and became something to be worn above, rather than under, the clothes. But, this season, it's gone one step further, it’s been built into the very fabric of our tops. Thanks to the likes of Instagram’s many influencers, this look is hotter than fire and is lighting the way to a new, carefree corseted aesthetic. Kylie Jenner is a big fan and we understand why. With built-in lace-up ties, this style has the low-key cool of a t-shirt, but the high-impact fit of tailoring with its nipped in waist. We are very much onboard and suggest you be too.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...The Zara CEO Makes More A Minute Than Most Of Us Do In A WeekAddicted to ASOS? You’ll Love Online Shop Storets10 Designer-Looking Handbags At High Street PricesFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Why invest in the stock market when you can buy a Hermes Birkin or Chanel bag?No, we aren't being facetious or channelling the Carrie Bradshaw 'Buy Vogue instead of dinner' school of thought here: a new survey from online marketplace Baghunter has found that the iconic leather tote has increased in value by 14.2 percent since 1981, the year the Birkin went into production (after Jane Birkin found herself sat next to Hermes' CEO on a flight, and explained how she found it difficult to find the perfect weekend bag...)In comparison, the S&P 500 (that's an American stock market index) had an annual return of 8.7 percent. The value of gold, meanwhile, has depreciated by 1.5 percent each year.In the 35 years since its debut, the value of the Birkin has never decreased: it has steadily increased, experiencing its biggest jump (of 25 percent) in 2001 (which seems to coincide with the rising demand for so-called 'It' bags).'As a status symbol for the elite and ultra-rich, the main factor affecting the secondary market for Birkins is desire,' Baghunter claims. A Birkin can cost anything from $12,000 to $200,000.If you want to blow your savings on a Birkin, however, you'll have to be prepared to play the long game. The bag's caché is such that the waiting list for a brand new Birkin is rumoured to be as long as six years, due to being perpetually 'sold out,' and are rarely (if ever) advertised publicly. For such a stable investment, though, the wait could be worth it - and to quote Carrie Bradshaw (again), 'I like my money where I can see it: hanging in my closet.'READ MORE: London Is The Cheapest City To Buy A Designer BagREAD MORE: The Rise Of The Affordable It Bag: The 21 Best Designer Bags Under £500© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Spotting the latest ‘It’ item has become a whole lot easier thanks to Instagram. Here at Grazia HQ, cooing over the latest OOTD on social media has become something of a morning ritual.And it needn’t set you back major £££ to get in on the action - with our high-street heroes from Zara and Mango to Topshop and Asos regularly making cameos on our favourite fashionista’s Insta-feeds. So for those in need of a pick-me-up (because, there's nothing like a little bit of sun to make us re-think our entire wardrobe), we’ve rounded up the most snapped pieces on Instagram RN.Quick, nab them now, before they sell out…This statement shoe ruled at London Fashion Week this season. Shop them here.Mango’s new ‘Committed’ sustainable line is the ultimate find for minimalist fans. Shop the dress here.AKA, Kendall Jenner’s favourite shoes of all time. Shop the shoes here.The SS17 trend of the moment. Shop the blouse here.Daffodil dressing = the hue of the season. Shop the dress here.Suit up this season. Shop the jacket here.The ultimate classic workwear buy, with a modern twist. Shop the shirt here.Swap your skinnies for a pair of effortlessly cool cut-offs. Shop the jeans here.Cord is the new velvet! Shop the skirt here.Victoriana vibes. Shop the top here.Fashion blogger Megan Ellaby says it’s the ‘skirt that keeps on giving’. Shop the piece here.Perfect picnic-to-pub wear? Sold. Shop the top here.Main image: InstagramREAD M0RE: 9 Brands Zara Fans Will Love READ MORE: 7 Fashion Resolutions You Need To Keep In 2017 © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Unless you’ve been living under a fashion rock for the past few years, you’ve probably heard something about ethical fashion – or at least of some unethical things that fashion has been associated with. For many people, their first inkling that the people who make their clothes may not be treated as they would expect came in 2013, when Rana Plaza in Bangladesh – home to factories making clothes from some of the best known high street brands – collapsed, killing 1,129 people who worked there.Since then some things have changed and others haven’t. More people than ever before are interested in shopping ethically, but don’t quite know how to start. Never fear – we’ll be your ethical agony aunt, helping you navigate shopping with a clear conscience (and looking great while doing it).Consider the differences between the fashion industry today and when your mum was your age: you have, on average, four times the clothes she did and you’ll have paid a lot less for them. Today, the lead time from a high street designer's sketchbook to your closet is mere weeks. We want more clothes, and we want them faster and cheaper. To meet this demand, most production happens overseas: nearly 97% of our clothes are made by 40 million garment workers, most of them women in the developing world, bringing home less than $3 per day.Ethical fashion means different things to different people, but generally it’s fashion that tries to avoid this complex system where low wages, forced or child labour, and harsh environmental impacts are more common than you might think. An ethical fashion brand might, to paraphrase the Ethical Fashion Forum, look at their entire operation – from the design of a dress down to the sourcing of the cotton – and try to have a positive impact on people with minimal environmental impact.In practice, ethical fashion could be a lot of different things: clothing that is fair trade, or made from organic cotton; companies that ensure everyone that works for them makes a living wage; your neighbour’s Etsy shop. What ties them together is a commitment to the people who make our clothes and the environment around us all.Once you start looking, you can find ethical fashion everywhere – you no longer have to compromise your style to keep your conscience happy.It’s hard to say – most brands still share very little about who makes our clothes. While researching Not My Style (available to download now ){:rel=nofollow} our app that rates high street fashion brands on how much they share, we looked at 105 stores. More than a quarter shared absolutely nothing – not even an acknowledgment that their clothes were being made by someone, somewhere – on their website. Want to see what we're all about? Visit notmystyle.org to see what our great app is going to do and how it's all going to work. There's even a little video! #notmystyle #ecofashion #sustainablefashionA post shared by  Not My Style (@notmystyleuk) on Feb 23, 2016 at 12:21am PSTFor quite some time, brands didn’t share that information because they don’t actually know it. For some, that’s still the case. It may sound crazy, but it’s been a fairly recent development that big fashion brands have even mapped their entire supply chain.  Fewer still share that with the public.While the best way to shop ethically is to buy from a brand that tells you everything you want to know about where your clothes are made and by whom, not all high street brands are created equal. In fact, quite a few of the brands that get the worst rap in the media are sharing the most information and trying to push the high street to higher standards.The only real way to find out whether or not a brand shares your ethics is to ask them. Visit their website or ask in store or on social media. But you have to engage – if you don’t push them to share with you, they won’t.One of the things we hear most from women who care about these issues is “it doesn’t matter what I do; I’m only one person.” That couldn’t be further from the truth. Your pound has power and where you choose to spend it matters. It’s been shown time and time again (Blackfish, anyone?) that when consumers demand more information and better practices, consistently and collectively, companies answer. Wise words at The Upcycle Event by @fash_rev tonight. #whomademyclothes #ethicalfashion #ecofashion #sustainablefashion #fashion #slowfashionA post shared by  Not My Style (@notmystyleuk) on Apr 23, 2016 at 2:02pm PDTYou’re not alone on your ethical fashion journey! To get you started, check out our three favourite brands this month:American brand Reformation is having a moment – you can try on all their gorgeous wares at their London pop-up, open until March.We fell in love with Nudie Jeans who offer stellar fitting unisex styles made from 100% organic cotton. They offer a lifetime repair warranty on their product, and take back jeans you’re tired of for a 20% discount on a new pair.Manchester-based Beaumont Organic makes lots of lovely things, but it’s their chunky wool jumpers keeping us warm this winter.Download the Not My Style app now for free to find out more about where your clothes come from.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Weddings have a dress code, schools have a uniform, but not aeroplanes. Or, so we all thought. Over this past weekend, a contentious debate has erupted over what can and can’t be worn during a flight.On Sunday morning two females were refused from boarding a United Airlines plane to Minneapolis because there were wearing leggings. The agent at the gate advised them to change their clothes if they wished to board. The incident was live tweeted by activist Shannon Watts. Supposedly the women in question were not properly clothed according to the company’s Contract of Carriage.Rightfully so, the internet has been outraged. Celebrities as disparate as Patricia Arquette, Chrissy Teigen and William Shatner have been weighing on the issue.Regardless of Chrissy and Shatner’s Twitter trolling United Airlines is refusing to back down. In fact, they reiterated their policy in a tweet, saying: ‘The passengers this morning were United pass riders who were not in compliance with our dress code policy for company benefit travel.’While leggings have long been a cause for distress for the fashion community who are unable to decide if they are tres chic or horrifique, this debate opens a can of anti-feminist worms. United say that the fliers were ‘pass riders’, which means they are ‘United employees or their eligible dependents standing by on a space-available basis.’ As a pass rider, there is, according to Mashable, a different internal policy around uniform.Liked this? You might also be interested in:The 3 Factors That Affect Our Lipstick ChoiceThere's Now Another Household Item You Can Use To Apply Foundation If You Don't Have Brushes To HandWhat Happened When I Went Dumpster Diving For Beauty ProductsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you’re a sneakerhead or keener on a kitten heel, Zara is the one shop we can all agree makes high street-priced shoes that look high end. They know how to make trends affordable from head-to-toe - with added emphasis on the ‘toe’. While the price is always friendly and the style is always savvy, we’re always stuck with the dilemma of trying to pick just one pair to buy. We dare you to scroll on and try and resist the urge to add more than one to your basket.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...The Zara CEO Makes More A Minute Than Most Of Us Do In A WeekAddicted to ASOS? You’ll Love Online Shop Storets10 Designer-Looking Handbags At High Street PricesFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Credit: Instagram @gallagher_anaisForget rose-coloured lenses; we’re in desperate need of an orange outlook. Anais Gallagher's shades from RetroSuperfuture, which are called ‘Leon’ if you’d like to know, add a little pumpkin power to her ‘with the band’ look.Credit: Instagram @redpalestinian_roseMagda Atia just gave her bomber jacket a 2017 makeover by turning it inside out. So bright, so obvious, so on point. Extra kudos for matching it to her graphic shirt.Credit: Instagram @naomishimadaInspiration: Solero. Outcome: a heatwave of persimmon, popsicle shades. We’re really vibing Naomi Shimada’s Puffa jacket, tie-up top and sassy beret in this glowing Pantone colour palette. This tonal wash is a simple move with a big effect.Credit: Instagram @monicarosestyleAs if our constant crush on Chrissy Teigen needed any fuel, her stylist Monica Rose dressed her in this Paula Ka gown and reignited our passion. A sunkissed satin rose frock may seem hard to pull off, but adding rose gold jewellery and accessories is a pure fire move.Credit: Instagram @lauravandallStylist Laura Vandall added a vroom vroom edge to this trend. She took coordination tot the next level by teaming a racing car jacket with a fiery purse. Plus, she picked up the checkerboard accent of her coat with her athleisure three stripes Adidas trouser and Vans skate shoes.Credit: Instagram @bby_fceCredit: Instagram @gildaambrosioGawd Gilda Ambrosio knows how to dress. This street style qween’s Instagram account is a one-stop shop for advice on tricky trends. Take this mandarin oriental concept for example and see how she’s translated it into a sleek, chic, work-appropriate outfit. A tailored sunset-hued blazer adds warmth to blue jeans and a white tee.Credit: Instagram @erikabowesIf we weren’t commitment-phobes we would dye to have Erika Bowes hair right now. Brighter than Blorange, not quite ginger, Erika’s hair sits closest to carrot on the colour wheel. The slicked back pixie cut keeps the look feeling like fresh. Be smart, like Erika, if you change your hair then reconsider what make-up and accessories show your new look in its best light. In this case, rose-hued highlighters and golden necklaces let the hair speak for itself.Liked this? You might also be interested in:Women Are Painting Viral Memes Onto Their Eyelids And It's Amazing 10 Designer-Looking Handbags At High Street Prices9 Ways Instagram Girls Are Crushing It In CamoThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget Kate Moss for Topshop and Kenzo for H&M, there is only one high street collaboration worth remembering. No hyperbole, no exaggeration, Dorothy Perkins’ Kardashian Kollection is a touchpoint of its time and an emblem of how Kulture has changed.In this fast paced, ever developing world, a lot has happened in the five years since the range debuted. It was a simpler time when your fashion vocabulary needn’t stretch pass body-con and bandage dress, when the only shoes you wore were heels and waist-belts were top of your shopping list. Call Me Maybe was always on the radio and rumours just started to buzz that Kanye and Kim were dating. Please take a walk through the annals of fashion and remember when you didn’t need $$$ Balmain to Keep up with the Kardashians…Like this? Then you might also be interested in...5 Smart Things To Say About Comme Des Garçons Bonkers AW17 ShowThe One Item All PFW Girls Rely On When It’s RainingRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Most of us have grown up on a diet of Topshop. From the days of pocket money to the dawn of pay packets, the high street store has been there every step of our wardrobe’s way. And, now, it’s going to be here for what’s billed as the best day of our lives as they’ve just announced a bridal collection is coming!Brides-on-a-budget feel free to squeal because this limited-edition collection comprises of five dresses, 25 bridesmaid gowns, underwear, accessories and heels - AKA everything you need to make your big day go off with a bang.Now, to the important stuff, the dresses are ideal for the non-traditional bride. There’s not meringue’s in sight. Instead, the collection comprises of strapless, tie-shoulder and Bardot styles. While there’s nothing wrong with buying a high-street dress, one look at the detailed beading or floral appliqués and your guests will be convinced you raided your savings account.For the bridesmaids there a host of dresses from cold-shoulder gowns to ruffled frocks. The colour palette is kept muted in pastels, but some pieces come printed in subtle floral designs. They are designed to flatter everyone, so all your bridesmaids will be smiling on your big day.Though the collection launches internationally on Thursday 13th April (put that in your diary STAT!), we’ve got all the pics now so, scroll on down to start Pinning the collection.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...5 Smart Things To Say About Comme Des Garçons Bonkers AW17 ShowThe One Item All PFW Girls Rely On When It’s RainingRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In partnership with ClarksSaturday is the most versatile day of a week. You need to be ready for lunch with friends, drinks with dates and be able to run from one to the other with grace and style. We’ve teamed up with Clarks to bring you an off-duty day in the life of Shopping Editor- Polly Knight. After all, we do most of our easy-breezy walking on the weekends.10am: Wake up, (yes I love a lie in on the weekend) make a HUGE mug of tea, and back to bed for an hour or, so catch up on Insta/Twitter/News and fashion news…!11am: Get ready, now my Saturday outfit has to take me from lunch with friends to drinks in the evening, so it has to be comfortable but dressy enough for the evening. So I’m going for a white tee, with leather trousers and my silver Hidi Holly trainers, my style is quite low key and minimal, you can always find me in my staple colours, black, white, navy and grey. I’m totally a trainer’s girl, I wear them to work pretty much every day and always at the weekend they are a wardrobe staple for me.1pm: Meet my friends for lunch, we usually try and get a brunch in the diary, but considering I love my lie-ins they let me push it back to lunch. It’s the perfect chance for us to catch up and get a de-brief of what’s been going on in our weeks. We always try to go somewhere we haven’t been before, but this week it’s our old faithful Hoi Polloi in Shoreditch, I love it in there as they often have a string quartet playing, which is so nice a chilled over a gossip with friends.2.30pm: Now time to aimlessly wander around East London, picking up inspiration from everywhere from stores to street style.3.30pm: Coffee pit-stop, and flower run, I LOVE fresh flowers, my favourites are white Anemones.5pm: I say bye to my friends and head off to Cowshed in Shoreditch to get my nails done.6.30pm: I have a date, (see I told you my outfit needs to be versatile) A quick outfit change (lucky I carry a big bag) I take my hair out of my high pony tail and throw on a chunky oversize knit with my skinny leather trousers, and trade out my Hidi Holly trainers or these grey Grace Eva heels (grey accessories are a HUGE trend for SS17) and a perfect outfit elevator.Top tip, always keep your favourite shade of red lipstick in your bag, adding a splash of colour just adds a little something extra to your look and viola date ready.7pm: Then we head into London’s Soho, for Prosecco and Pasta at Polpo, it’s my favourite food combination.9pm: After a leisurely dinner, and with my flowers still in hand we head to 68 and Boston, for a glass or too more of Prosecco.11.45pm: It’s a last minute dash for the last train home (another reason I need to wear comfortable heels, as I’m always running for the train)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Planning a wedding is no light feat, and arranging every last detail is definitely stress-inducing.While you can delegate some tasks to others to ease the workload (aheam, bridesmaids), only you can take control of perhaps the most important job - what to wear.The dress is one thing, but what about wedding accessories, and the bridal hairstyle? Your bridal ensemble isn’t complete until you’ve found the perfect finishes touches, but just what are your options in the bridal hair accessories department?We’re here to help (as ever) and have found the prettiest bridal accessories available online right now – from pretty bridal hair combs, jewelled hair pieces, flower vines, pins and clips. You're welcome.Depending on the overall theme of your wedding as well as your personal style, you may want to wear flowers in your hair on your big day.You can opt for a up-do with loose curls and adorn it with flower hair clips and pins for the ultimate boho look, or for something more ethereal and Midsummer Night's Dream-y, you can purchase (or even make) a thin, pretty flower vine headpiece to rest on top of your hair.To inject some glamour into your bridal look, why not decorate your wedding hairstyle with some jewelled headpieces and jewelled hair clips.You can buy these hair jewellery the high street or go designer, depending on your budget.The most iconic celebrity wedding looks have included elaborate bridal headpieces and viels.Celebrity brides are not known to play down on the lavish finishing touches. For example, Priscilla Presley married Elvis in a dramatic veil secured by a rock'n'roll rhinestone crown, and Grace Kelly married Prince Rainier III of Monaco in an iconic embellished Juliet-style cap attached to 12 yards of Tulle.For her second marriage to Kris Humphries, Kim Kardashian (never one to spare on expenses) wore a custom Vera Wang ballgown and diamond headpiece.When supporting the nuptials of their loved ones, celebrities pull out all the stops to make sure they look perfect for the big day.For her mum Tina's wedding, Beyoncé wore a flower headpiece with a white dress, as did Lottie Moss to celebrate the marriage between her half-sister Kate Moss and Jamie Hince back in July 2011.For the royal wedding in 2011, Pippa Middleton wowed in a white Alexander McQueen gown and wore flower clips in her hair.Kate Middleton wore a beautiful custom made Alexander McQueen gown for her wedding, topped off with a Cartier tiara borrowed from the Queen.Shop our edit of bridal accessories, now.Leola Head Wrap, £140 from BHLDNWedding Hair Accessories - Grazia2of36Leola Head Wrap, £140 from BHLDNJennifer Behr Violet Bandeaux gold-tone crystal headband, £410Rosantica Bouquet gold-tone quartz hair slide, £65Rosantica Vanusita gold-tone mother-of-pearl headpiece, £735Yunotme Flock silk-satin headband, £235Jennifer Behr Set of two Pia gunmetal-plated Swarovski crystal hair slides, £170Jennifer Behr Margaux gold-plated Swarovski crystal headband, £280Bottega Veneta Oxidized silver-tone hair slide, £485ASOS WEDDING Faux Pearl Hair Clip, £10Her Curious Nature Blossom and Pearl Hair Clip, £15Her Curious Nature White Blossom and Pearl Hair Comb, £24Love Rocks Leaf & Pearl Hair Clip, £20Valencia Floral Headband, £34 from AnthropologieOrchid Crown Headband, £48 from AnthropologieCrystalline Bobby Pin Set, £32 from AnthropologieTilly Rose Hair Clip, £24Iris Trio of Ivory Organza Flowers Hair Pins, £34From the Topshop bridal collection, released 13th AprilFrom the Topshop bridal collection, released 13th AprilFrom the Topshop bridal collection, released 13th AprilFrom the Topshop bridal collection, released 13th AprilWedding Hair piece Grecian Branch Hair Pins, Set of 3, £37.72 from EasyEva Gypsophila Hair Comb, £20 from Not On The High StreetCrystal Hair vine Bridal Hair Vine Wedding Headpiece, £59.99 from EtsyBridal Pearl Hair Vine Hairpiece, £26.37 from EtsyGold-tone, Swarovski crystal and enamel headband, £1,250 from Net-a-porterHettie Gypsophila Hair Pin, £2.50 from Not On The High StreetBeautiful Blossom Hair Garland, £12 from AccessorizeVintage Leaf Hair Barette, £12 from AccessorizeSonia Flower Crystal Hair Barette, £15 from AccessorizeEmbellished Lace Flower Hair Clip, £17 from AccessorizeSienna Bouquet Garland, £10 from MonsoonFlorence Rose Hair Comb, £26 from Not On The High StreetAnnabelle Flower Hair Comb, £28 from Not On The High Street8 Single Flower Clips, £8 from ASOSBridal Flower & Faux Pearl Headband, £2 from ASOSREAD MORE: The Most Iconic Celebrity Wedding Veils And The Stories Behind ThemREAD MORE: 12 Stylish Wedding Guest Dresses You'll Actually Want To Wear AgainREAD MORE: Topshop Bridal: See Every Dress From The CollectionREAD MORE: The 21 Best Celebrity Bridesmaids© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sugary ankle boots…silky undergarments…apron skirts.If you fawned over Fendi’s spring / summer ’17 catwalk in Milan, you’ll have no doubt picked up on the not-so-subtle muse of the season: Marie Antoinette.The young Queen of France's playful, risk-taking sartorial splendour (not to mention her obsession over of all things sweet and PINK) is now more popular than ever before. So, to celebrate Fendi’s SS17 womenswear collection the brand has released a new short film entitled ‘Girl’s Secret’ - an ode to the Austrian-born French royal.Acclaimed film director and screenwriter, Rebecca Zlotowsky (her next project Planetarium stars Natalie Portman and Lily-Rose Depp) has teamed up with the brand to create a film that ‘depicts an intimate atmosphere where FENDI femininity, kawaii techno and 18th century art de vivre collide.The modern-day Marie Antoinette in question? Up-and-coming French actress Sigrid Bouaziz, currently starring alongside Kristen Stewart in the sultry psychological thriller Personal Shopper (In case you were wondering: it's nothing like Devil Wears Prada, though the name suggests).‘It was incredible,’ Bouaziz told WWW. ‘I loved playing the role and put myself in the shoes of such an emancipated, free and self-confident woman, just like Marie Antoinette was at her time.’Following the night out of an imaginary next-gen ‘Queen of France’, Sigrid wanders around Paris from sunset to dawn.Although, being present day and all, selfie sessions are in abundance. Her ‘courtiers’ are played by the coolest fash pack; models Ella Richards and Maya Salomon, as well as actresses Tugba Sunguroglu and Marilyn Lima. And there’s not a hooped petticoat in sight…READ MORE: 7 Fashion Resolutions You Need To Follow In 2017READ MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Addicts Will Love© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Polo Ralph LaurenDo you remember the fabulous news that Polo Ralph Lauren had opened its Polo flagship store on Regent Street? Then came even more superb news that the store will feature a Polo Customisation Shop so that you can put your personal stamp on the iconic brand. Well, now we’re even more eager to make another trip or two to the store, with the revelation that the brand has launched a new personal styling service at the shop- the Polo Styling Suite!We at Grazia believe a personal stylist should check all of the fashion boxes. A great one has a wide knowledge of both upcoming trends and timeless style, and most importantly, they know exactly what works for you. They hone in on what inspires you and makes you feel confident, and they make it their mission to give you the tools you need to let your unique style shine through.!So, to celebrate the launch of the Polo Personal Styling service at the Regent Street store, we’ve taken it taken it upon ourselves to celebrate five of the coolest personal stylists who we wish would style us…Lady Starlight- personal stylist to Lady GagaLady Starlight was one of Lady Gaga's first friends and collaborators when she started to become known in the early noughties in the downtown New York scene. She’s worked with Lady Gaga on the Monster Ball Tour, The Born This Way Ball Tour and was the brains behind some of the pop star’s most famous futuristic space looks and elaborate onstage costumes. What makes Lady Starlight so great, is how stylishly daring she is and how immersed and involved she was with Lady Gaga’s brand and image from very early on.Angela Kelly- personal stylist to the QueenAngela has been the Queen’s PA and senior dresser since 2002 and she’s now in charge of a team of four dressers for HM. So what makes Angela so great at what she does? Could it be her elegant taste, her practicality or her colour co-ordinating? Or maybe it’s her impeccable organisation to ensure there are no clashes, crumples or repeats? No- it’s her personal touch, as she knows exactly what will be in HM’s taste. Case and point: she has been known to sew weights into HM’s hemlines to stop them being lifted by the wind. After all, when it comes to dressing the most important royal, modesty is key.William Baker- (occasional) personal stylist to Kylie MinogueWilliam has been praised for strengthening Kylie Minogue’s career by putting her in those iconic gold hotpants for her Spinning Around music video, earning the Aussie star a global sex-symbol status. The duo have been friends for 20 years, and worked together on the popstar’s Showgirl Tour back in the 90s. Kylie has long credited William for helping create many of her iconic looks and for styling her most successful tours, while she’s also dotingly referred to him as her “gay husband.” William’s greatest strength? His ability to pick out a diamond in the rough. Seriously though- those gold hot pants were bought for 50 pence at a market!Natasha Archer- personal stylist to Kate MiddletonAt only 30, Natasha is a key member of the Duchess of Cambridge’s A-team. She started out as a PA for Kate before making a huge name for herself in the fashion world by rising up to become her personal stylist. What makes her so great? Her commitment! Natasha shops A LOT for Kate online, (even from Asos and Topshop,) and has hundreds of pieces brought in from all over the place for Kate to try on. Her style is majorly on point, dressing the Duchess in flawless looks from Lela Rose to Jenny Peckham to L.K. Bennett.B Akerlund- personal stylist to MadonnaB Akerlund’s style is seriously eccentric, so much so that the Swedish-born stylist prefers to be known as a fashion activist. She’s worked with Madonna for over and decade, with one of her greatest accomplishments being transforming the star into an Egyptian Queen in bespoke Givenchy Haute Couture for the 2012 American Super Bowl. She’s been responsible for some of the most iconic looks in music videos and on magazine covers, including in Lady Gaga’s “Paparazzi,” Britney Spears’ “Work Bitch,” and Beyonce’s “Pretty Hurts.” Her greatest strength? Her sharp eye for bling.Ok, so us mere mortals/non-celebs can’t justify paying to have a personal stylist at our beck and call, (probably because we’re not jetting around the world with millions of eyes on our every move.) But, the reality is you can afford a personal stylist experience, to make sure your most beloved investment pieces are worth your while and last the distance. Dedicated Polo Stylists work on a bespoke offering based on your specific needs, and the service is completely free! You can go online and craft your preferences before popping into the store. Then, a Polo Stylist, will show you to the beautiful Polo Styling Suite where several looks and options will be waiting based on the info you gave online. It can’t get any more personal than that!The Polo Styling Suite5th Polo Ralph Lauren Gallery 2of13The Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling SuiteThe Polo Styling Suite© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We all love Zara, that’s a given, and so it’s no surprise that a sizeable portion of our paycheck is handed over each month to the faithful high street store. But, what we didn’t realise - that is until today - just how much of it is lining the pockets of its fair founder, Amancio Ortega.Ortega is one heck of a businessman, not only does he own Zara, but also seven other brands, like Pull & Bear, Massimo Dutti, Bershka and Uterque. Hence, he sits pretty in fourth place on Forbes 2017 list of Billionaires.The octogenarian is worth a mighty $74.1billion (£59bill), which according to Forbes means he ‘typically earns more than $400million (£320mill) in dividends a year’. If you care to break out the calculator, you’ll see that’s $1,095,890 (£878,680) per day, or $761 per minute (£610). AKA, the man, is raking in more per minute than most of us earn a week, which if you’re curious is around £530. If that’s not a sign we need to kerb our Zara habit, nothing is.Like this? Then you might be interested in...9 Basics Under £9 Now It's Harder To Shop American ApparelShould I Buy...Or Rather Get Eyelash Extensions9 New Buzz Beauty Products That Won’t Break The BankFollow Lucy on Twitter @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Life is tough when you’re incapable of ordering swimwear online because you don’t know how it’s going to fit. But now, gone are the days of ordering a bikini top and having to utterly chance it on whether or not it’s going to cover more than your nipples.Although we’re seeing a rise in body positivity and a wider range of models, it’s still far too uncommon to see a bikini top modeled on someone with bigger than DD cup boobs. Even ASOS’s ‘fuller bust’ brand is usually modeled on 32DD’s - which, considering they’re made up to size 38G, isn’t particularly helpful to anyone else.Luckily, Target’s new range has kicked off with the Instagram tag #targetswim, and is filled with models of all sizes, so there’s a suitable comparison for everyone.Denise Bidot, one of the models, emphasized how the campaign puts focus on self confidence and individuality. She said ‘When you’re a curvy girl it can be hard to find a suit that fits perfectly in all the right places, but Target definitely has accomplished that with their swimwear.’The line also features pro skateboarder Lizzie Armanto and TV host Kamie Crawford, who’ve posted their favourite shots of the line on Instagram.The positivity surrounding the new collection comes at the same time as Simply Be has been criticized for doing the opposite. The British retailer, which sells up to size 28 and is a popular brand for plus size women, recently released their own new collection: modeled entirely on women thought to be size UK 14-16.The new campaign, called ‘We Are Curves’ faced some controversy on Twitter:Regardless, unless you're jetting off somewhere hot, you're not going to be needing new swimwear in Britain anytime soon...You can view Target's new range here.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How To Make 6 Holiday Outfits Out Of 9 Items So Packing Is Way Less Stressful7 Cool Cover-Ups For Your Beach Holiday9 Of The Best Plus Size Swimwear Things To Buy For SummerFollow Georgie on Twitter @GeorgieDarlingThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by John LewisThere’s a new breed of denim in town and it’s all about quality, cut and versatility. Ladies, welcome to the AND/OR collection by John Lewis, which features high-grade denim pieces made in LA (from where much of the best denim hails!). Spanning womenswear, shoes, accessories and lingerie, this new stylish collection has been designed to help you create a contemporary capsule wardrobe.Created in collaboration with West Coast denim experts, the AND/OR collection features innovative denim washes and finishes associated with high-end labels. The jeans start at just £85, so you really can reach designer cut and quality, but at an accessible price point.And it doesn’t just stop at the perfect pair of jeans: the AND/OR range also has ultra-soft tees, trophy jackets and striking heels to complete your look. Or, if you’re not feeling wearing denim, then this chic, focused collection can offer you tie-waist chinos and boho-chic dresses, too.Join our denim partyTo help you decided what denim style you’ll be rocking this summer, Grazia and John Lewis are holding an exclusive event in London’s Oxford Street flagship store on Wednesday 5th April.You will be able to have your favourite denim pieces customised on the night at The Denim Workshop by AND/OR party, indulge with a mini hair treatment and manicure, meet with the Grazia team for some handy denim styling tips, party to a DJ set by Mollie King, sip on delicious cocktails and nibble on some canapés. Plus, you’ll leave with a tote bag filled with goodies, and one lucky attendee will win a trip to LA!Tickets cost £10, with proceeds going to Jeans for Genes. To get a ticket for the event please click here. And hurry! Places are strictly limited.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We all remember the opening scene in 1995 cult film Clueless, right? When Cher picks out her outfit by using a computer programme that matches her clothes until she finds the perfect look?Well now that is set to become a (sort of) reality thanks to Amazon Prime's new 'Outfit Compare' tool. The technology, which is basically a virtual stylist, tells users whether or not a combination of clothing works together based on fit, colour, styling and current trends. It compares two looks, giving one of three responses: ‘Definitely pick this one,’ ‘We like this better,’ and ‘It was a close call.’Fun, right?It's not entirely surprising that Amazon has gone down this route - after all, it's been majorly building up its fashion content in the past few years, with designer collections available on Amazon Fashion, its hit fashion-themed TV show The Collection on Amazon Prime, and the opening of a new fashion-dedicated photographic studio.READ MORE: 12 Of The Most Instagrammed High Street Pieces RNREAD MORE: How Did London Fashion Week Rank On Instagram?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's time to give your workwear wardrobe a spring reboot. Here are the trends we will we wearing from 9 to 5 - hell, make that 24/7...Utility is a huge trend for S/S'17. Offset khaki with royal blue, burgundy and plaid.Pale has punch with some great separates. Keep silhouettes simple.Monochrome is a no-brainer for the office. But these pieces are a notch up on the norm.Navy is a workwear staple. Soften with pale blue and, if office dress codes allow, some strappy shoes.Check out or gallery below to see where you can get the look:Tie-front frill khaki wrap dress, £59, AutographSpring workwear - Grazia2of8Tie-front frill khaki wrap dress, £59, AutographSilk pleated ruffle top, £108, J.CrewRed printed silk shirt, £168, The KooplesCrew neck pink sweater, £24.90, UniqloGrey stripe long coat, £395, L.K. BennettCheck eyelet tie-peg trousers, £42, TopshopBlue flounce dress, £25, MonkiCotton wrapover shirt, £49.99, H&MREAD MORE: The Earrings Trend You Need This SeasonREAD MORE: 13 Must-Have T-Shirts For Spring/SummerREAD MORE: Skinny Jeans Could Be Harming Your Health (Yes, Really)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Scandi girls know how to dress. Fact. Case study: just Google model Frederikke Sofie. Effortlessly cool? Check. Sharp but also not too 'done’? Check and check. Trust: if you’re in need of a mini-break this season - with the additional bonus of fresh style inspo - Copenhagen and Stockholm are fast overtaking Paris in this department.And the Danish ‘It’ label of the moment, that’s actually affordable and the fashion set can’t stop ‘gramming? GANNI. You will find it pretty impossible to come away from an online gander on their site and not want to buy everything – think ‘90s-style slip dresses, easy-to-wear separates and spring dresses a la Sienna Miller circa 2004.Everyone from Alexa Chung and Alicia Vikander to Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid have been spotted wearing the cool-girl label in recent months. And even if you’re not familiar with the brand name, you will no doubt have come across one of their cult print tees on Instagram (FYI: their ‘Peaches’ T-shirt is currently doing the rounds on social media with the street style set).So GANNI's latest offering will get your Hygge hearts pumping for summer ’17 – with an exclusive swimwear collection with MyTheresa. ‘It’s equally playful and sexy, perfect for the summer months ahead,’ Ditte Reffstrup, creative director at GANNI says.Time to give your cossie an upgrade? Or take a bikini break? Style mavens Pandora Sykes, Laura Bailey and Laura Jackson have been sporting the coveted swimwear collection which includes three styles; a ruffled top bikini, a ruffled halter-neck swimsuit, and a triangle bikini.It’s safe to say, though, the red ‘Rivier’halter-top swimsuit will be a bestseller. The perfect style to take you from beach to bar in zero seconds...just add a pair of denim shorts et voilà !'We have always enjoyed making swimsuits,' Ditte tells Grazia. 'Because they are extremely flattering, comfortable, and easy to use.'‘We see a continuing demand of resort and active wear this season,’ Tiffany Hsu, Buying Manager at mytheresa.com says. ‘Ganni is one of our favourite up- and coming brands, as they are doing a great job at offering something fun, yet wearable. The capsule is a great addition to that effortlessly cool girl’s summer wardrobe.’ We.Are.Sold.Okay, now we just need to book the holiday...Shop the full GANNI x MyTheresa swimwear collection in our gallery below Rivier printed two-piece swimsuit, £122, mytheresa.comGanni swimwear - Grazia 2of5Rivier printed two-piece swimsuit, £122, mytheresa.comRivier printed two-piece swimsuit, £122, mytheresa.com Rivier printed swimsuit, £105, mytheresa.comSiena bikini, £105, mytheresa.comRivier printed swimsuit, £105, mytheresa.comMain image: Instagram / @martalozanopREAD MORE: The Sunglasses Everyone Will Be Wearing This Summer READ MORE: 9 Cult Brands To Buy Into This Spring © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For anyone totally obsessed with Beauty and the Beast growing up, you will no doubt have completely fallen in love with Belle’s big yellow ball gown. And whilst the animated Disney version was released in 1991, the ‘Belle-effect’ has never left the (style) spotlight – from Giambattista Valli’s recent Haute Couture show to Alicia Vikander’s sunny princess dress she wore to the 2016 Oscar’s, courtesy of Louis Vuitton.And, as was always going to be the case, Emma Watson looks exquisite as Belle in one of the most anticipated live-action reboots of all time.‘I really embraced working on the dress, making sure that it was utterly whimsical, and magical,’ Watson told Entertainment Weekly. ‘The scene that I wear that dress in, and I have that dance in, it really tells the story of Beast and Belle falling in love.’Though Miss Watson may have also had some guidance from an unlikely source in the process: from Dan Stevens’ (AKA, the Beast) 5-year-old daughter, Willow.Speaking on This Morning, the former Downton Abbey star said: ‘She was five when we made this film – it was just magic all the way through - to bring [her] on set.‘Emma Watson came over to our house for dinner,’ Dan recalls. ‘And we were talking about the design of the dress. Willow overheard the conversation and came back 30 minutes later, pen and paper [in hand], with five different dress designs.’‘She sat down with Emma, talked her through these dress designs.’ he adds. ‘They picked one.‘And a few weeks later, Willow comes on set to see the ballroom scene. Emma is the dress and Willow just looked at me and went, “yep, that’s the one!”Thankfully, her dad has tons of contacts in period costume dramas if she so wishes in the future.READ MORE: 12 Of The Most Instagrammed High Street Pieces To Shop NowREAD MORE: 25 Things You Didn't Know About Beauty And The Beast© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This season, Lulu Guinness invites you to take your accessories to the next level, with the brand’s trademark fun designs.In fact, Lulu Guinness is offering Grazia readers an exclusive 25% discount on bags and accessories.Romantic motifs of gems and hearts are scattered across this standout collection.Our top picks? The lips clutch, perfect when accessorising a little black dress, and the mini Lana purse.Or you could snap up a treat for your nearest and dearest for Mother’s Day. To claim your discount, simply grab this week’s issue of Grazia magazine.Shop our top five favourites in the gallery below:Credit: Lulu GuinnessLarge Perspex Lips Clutch, £275, Lulu GuinnessLulu Guinness 20% Discount - Grazia2of5Large Perspex Lips Clutch, £275, Lulu GuinnessJoanna Backpack, £375, Lulu GuinnessTravel Set (Passport Holder and Luggage Tag), £65, Lulu GuinnessMini Lana Cross Body, £145, Lulu GuinessMedium Amelia Handbag, £350, Lulu GuinnessTerms and conditions apply.READ MORE: What Our Shopping Editor Is Coveting This WeekREAD MORE: The Rising International Fashion Brands To Know - And How To Shop Them From The UK© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Come fashion month, the global media attention falls on the four sartorial capitals of the world - New York, London, Milan and Paris.And this year, social media coverage was stepped up a notch as there was a major new component involved.The recent launch of Instagram Stories and Instagram Live enabled bloggers, journalists and celebrities to share the live action via their feed for the very first time. This allowed designers to showcase their autumn/winter '17 collections, give exclusive behind-the-scenes footage and ultimately make the audience feel a part of the world renowned event.Celebrities and digital influencers could also share intimate moments with their followers from selfies on the FROW to a rare glimpse at the after-party action.And now, new data has dropped enabling us to look at the real impact the social media giant made on fashion month as we know it.See how the fashion capital delivered on the social media front:Kendall Jenner stole the top spot for having the most liked photo on Instagram during fashion month with an image of her, Bella Hadid, Justine Skye and Lily Donaldson. The 21-year-old model's picture racked up more than 1.8 million likes on Instagram in total.Burberry uploaded an image of Kendall Jenner donning the brand's couture cape during their autumn/winter '17 show and it garnered more than 57,000 likes. The snap came out on top, as it gained the status as the most liked photograph shared by a designer during fashion month. Props to Kendall.The recent updates made to the social media giant also enabled the below models to cement their status in the fashion sphere...The introduction of Instagram Stories enabled up-and-coming models to raise their profile this fashion month. With new names including Naki Depass and Julia Ratner, make sure to give the girls a follow before they make it big.It's hardly surprising to find Kendall Jenner and fellow squad members Bella, Gigi, Cara and Hailey at the top of the charts. But the models of the moment further cemented their Instagram status this fashion month, as they received the most interaction from followers taking the lead from superweights such as Alessandra Ambrosio.READ MORE: All Your Instagram-Related Questions AnsweredREAS MORE: Why Do We Like Posting On Instagram?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The sun is (mostly) out. Obligatory pink blossom snaps are taking over Instagram (guilty). And it won’t be long until our winter tights can take a well-earned sabbatical (bare legs - it’s been a while…) Spring is well and truly upon us.And there’s nothing quite like a new season to make us lust over everything on the high-street right now. But, we've also got our eyes peeled on a roster of new fashion brands to inject new life into our summer ‘17 wardrobe come payday.So, whatever your style tribe, stay ahead of the pack with our round-up of the best cult labels you've probably never heard of...Check out… P.E. NationOne of our favourite new labels of the moment blurring the lines between street and sportswear (AKA, a lot cooler than the PE kits we actually sported in Year 9). Think colour-block leggings and haute hoodies to take you from workout to ‘luxe lounging’ at the weekend. Bella Hadid, Hailey Baldwin and Olivia Palermo are big fans.Buy now… The iron stretch jersey leggings, £115, SelfridgesCheck out…Jacquemus You’ll be hard-pressed to find a fashion editor who is not completely obsessed with this French label. A protégé of Rei Kawakubo; Simon Porte Jacquemus' signature avant-garde creations are both radical and wearable (no easy feat). Think of the best of the ‘80s reimagined for 2017; super exaggerated sleeves, ‘boyfriend’ shirts and deconstructed dresses that wouldn’t look out of place at the Met Gala this year.Buy now… Ruffled asymmetric brushed-twill mini skirt, £575, Net-a-Porter Check out… RIXO LondonThe vintage inspired Brit ‘It’ label the fash pack are fawning over, from BFF design duo Orlagh & Henrietta. Unique, hand-painted prints? Outfits inspired by the Olsen twins? Need we say more?Buy now… ‘Mary Kate’ top, £185, Net-a-PorterCheck out… LoveStoriesThanks to recent snaps of Alexa Chung et al and peek-a-boo cuts on the catwalk, flashing your bra strap is no longer a wardrobe malfunction but, like, so SS17. Therefore, choosing your luxe lingerie has become even more important (not to mention a major confidence booster). If you’re a fan of stylish La Perla-esque underwear - without the hefty price tag - let us introduce you to Dutch lingerie brand LoveStories.Buy now… Baby pink ‘darling’ bralette, £45, lovestoriesintimatesCheck out… RacilIf Prince and David Bowie are your style pinups, Racil is your new hero label. Born in Beirut, raised in Paris, designer Racil Chalhoub’s too-cool-for-school le smoking tuxedos will be on our SS17 wish-list. The power suit(s) of dreams this way…Buy now… ‘Bowie’ single-breasted satin jacket, £745, matchesfashion.com Check out… Camilla ElphickTime to give your shoe-drobe an upgrade? Get ready to crush hard over Camilla Elphick (if you haven’t already). The London-based designer’s cult PEZ shoes - whilst perhaps not the most practical - are certainly the most playful addition to your footwear collection. Her latest line for spring? Pink metallic pumps decorated with smiley faces and ‘60s style ankle boots. Let the payday splurge commence…Buy now… ‘Smile like you mean it’ mules, £525, camillaelphick.comCheck out… KITRI studioLuxury style on a budget? We’re listening. Say hello to KITRI studio  - AKA, your new Zara (believe it!). The new online-only womenswear label, from founder & creative director Haeni Kim, offers a curated capsule wardrobe. ‘We try to reimagine the space between fast fashion and contemporary labels,’ Haeni tells Grazia. ‘Original but wearable designs that won’t break the bank.’ Hand clap emoji.Buy now…’Anna’ cocoon sleeve shirt, £69, kitristudio.comCheck out… Coucou SuzetteAs any street style fan will be well aware of, there is one item fashion girl’s are rarely spotted without during Fashion Week: statement socks, obvs (bonus points the brighter and more sparkly your foot dressing is). Based in Paris, Coucou Suzette’s signature ‘Good Breath’ socks have been doing the rounds on Instagram (as well as her tongue-in-cheek ‘karma sutra’ and ‘blue eye’ pins). Feel-good vibes only.Buy now… ‘Good Breath Socks’, £11, Coucou Suzette via EtsyCheck out…Filippa KThose obsessed with all things Scandi, be sure to bookmark this lesser-known unisex brand. Thanks to Emma Watson’s new Insta account documenting the actress’ sustainably sourced fashion looks (@the_press_tour), we’re all over this eco-friendly Swedish label with an emphasis on quality everyday wear and contemporary tailoring that won’t cost the earth.Buy now… High-low tencel shirt, £105, filippa-k.com[Main image - From L-R: Jacquemus at Net-a-Porter; Racil; RIXO London at Net-a-Porter]READ MORE: 9 New Fashion Labels Zara Fans Will Love READ MORE: 7 'It' Items The Street Style Set Are Coveting This Spring© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is something so delightfully sneaky about buying something that looks more expensive than it actually is. And, even more so, when it doesn’t include sharpening your elbows at a sample sale. While our heart dreams of one day owning a Gucci or a Chanel bag, our creditors are keen for us to stay realistic, which means lowering our expectations to arm-candy at corner shop prices. Luckily, being frugal in this day and age doesn’t mean cutting style corners. Scroll down to see how great it feels to make your pennies stretch…Like this? Then you might be interested in...9 Basics Under £9 Now It's Harder To Shop American ApparelShould I Buy...Or Rather Get Eyelash Extensions9 New Buzz Beauty Products That Won’t Break The BankFollow Lucy on Twitter @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There was a lot of hype surrounding the Tommy X Gigi Hadid collection. While, I hand-on-heart love the range, I'll admit it's had a lot of exposure. Some, might go as far as saying too much. However, not even that has stopped me yearning for it. But, the question remains, can I wear it in an original way? Can I pull it off even though I look nothing like Gigi? So, I did the only thing I could think of: I tried it on.Tommy X Gigi, Viscose Patchwork Top Gigi Hadid, £85I, like most of the population, thought that belly buttons were sooo 20 years ago. That was until Gigi said they were back. A flash of skin is the motif that features heavily in this collection. As we don't live in California, and the weather in London is barely ever warm enough for this level of exposure, I paired my exposed stomach with a high neck top and wide flares.Tommy X Gigi, Logo Bathing Suit, £70Trackies? Check. Team vest? Check. Converse? Check. Taking a leaf out of the sports day playbook feels almost too comfy to be true. But the satin-look trousers and SS17 orange ensures it is more 2017 than 1970s Olympics.Tommy X Gigi, Punto Di Roma Dress Gigi Hadid, £155How to make a polo dress look like it doesn’t belong at a school? Team it with high-shine boots, obvs. The mismatched stripes add some adult chic to a classic preppy Tommy design, but the boots take it from teacher’s pet to badass.Tommy X Gigi, Gigi Hadid Cropped Cotton Polo Shirt, £75, LuisaViaRoma; Tommy X Gigi, Leather Mini Skirt Gigi Hadid, £270What says Supermodel better than a short leather skirt? And what says Californian dream better than a crop polo neck? Nothing. Case closed.Tommy X Gigi, Cactus Design Jumper, £320; Tommy X Gigi, Printed Silk Maxi Dress, £315Upon seeing this skirt I felt two things: lust and worry. It’s patchwork design, muted Tommy colours, maxi length, all got me very very excited for summer. Until I remembered we live in England, and our July evenings don’t quite match Cali's weather. The solution: throw on this heavy knit for a much-needed layer of grunge (and warmth).Tommy X Gigi, Cotton Printed Shirt Gigi Hadid, £50; Tommy X Gigi, Flared Jeans Gigi Hadid, £150Have you ever really wanted to channel Donna from That 70s Show’s casual style without also channelling the 15-year-old-going-through-a-rocky-relationship bit too? I think these washed flares paired with a knotted t-shirt do just do that.Like this? Then you might be interested in...5 Ways To Wear A Juicy Tracksuit Whether You Want To Look Like Paris Hilton Or Not I Tried On The Very Best Of Boohoo And It Was Better Than I Expected We Tried On All The Pretty Preppy Clothes At J.Crew So You Don't Have To...This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In the interest of honesty, we sometimes struggle to get 11+ Likes on Instagram, but we think we’ve cracked the code to breaking the 100 mark. And, no, it doesn’t include buying followers. Some of our favourite girls have been swimming in the heart eyes recently and after some enthusiastic scrolling and comparing notes, we think we’ve figured out what they all have in common. The answer is surprisingly discreet. Once upon a time camouflage was just a practical pattern for military fatigues, but now it’s your fast track to selfie success. It’s surprisingly versatile, comes in a myriad of colours and is still available at bargain basement prices on eBay. Unlike other trends, it’s not necessary to buy high-end pieces because these Insta wins are based on attitude and styling more than its silhouette or fabric. Just see for yourself…Credit: @iisupermaniiTake camouflage out of stealth mode and refuse to blend it by choosing a cutting edge colour palette. As you can see, it’s easy to smarten up by buttoning all the way to the top.Credit: @palomijaIt’s the most combative pattern out there, but Paloma Elsesser managed to tone it down with multiple shades of grey. Plus points as this colourway complemented her cream khakis.Credit: @felicityhaywardcurvemodelFelicity Hayward joined the trenches of camo wearers with her sugary pink sleeveless tank and matching glasses.Credit: @kyliejennerKylie’s gargantuan Vetements jacket is the envy of every high fashion junkie as it’s part of the French label’s collaboration with Canada Goose. The statement oversized topper can take on both snowy terrain and Instagram’s harshest critics with its reversible print and couture-like cut.Credit: @graceladojaSkepta’s mate and creative powerhouse Grace La Doja is not one to recede into the background, hence her silky blue camo co-ord. Her Gucci Dionysus bag and layers of silver jewellery add a girlishness to this tomboy look.Credit: @mynamesdianaThe weather might be still on the nippy side, but we’re vibing Diana Veras’ tropical trousers. Like a girl after out own heart, she offset the high-octane orangey print with matching Nike kicks and a bomber jacket.Credit: @mariahidrissiWhile prepping for an upcoming holiday, Mariah Idrissi revived a menswear classic and put a fresh spin on its styling. By buttoning up an army jacket and propping up a pair of sunnies, she gave this tough accent a femme spin.Credit: @louisvuittoncrocsJust because camo isn’t meant to melt into the background, don’t shy away from making a statement. Make model Lulu Bonhills your muse and double up your print for a power pairing.Like this? Then you might be interested in...9 Basics Under £9 Now It's Harder To Shop American ApparelShould I Buy...Or Rather Get Eyelash Extensions9 New Buzz Beauty Products That Won’t Break The BankFollow Lucy on Twitter @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Think you're doing your bit for the planet by recycling your beer and wine bottles? Well, good effort, but if you own yoga pants, then you're probably still damaging the planet. A study conducted in Florida has revealed that plastic fibres found in some gymwear may be polluting the ocean and harming marine life. Just when you thought that yoga was all pure and good, eh?The study showed that clothes made from synthetic materials such as nylon and polyester, shed tiny plastic fibres (that are smaller than microbeads) every time that they're washed. These then make their way into the ocean, causing serious harm to fish.In fact, some marine life are even using these microfibes as a food source, which obviously isn't great for them, but it's also bad news for us, seeing as we're next in the food chain. So, if you're a big fan of seafood, odds are you're probably ingesting some small fragments of your yoga pants. Nice.The dire finding has even prompted some environmentalists to consider targeting washing machine and activewear manufacturers in a bid to reduce the amount of plastic pollution the oceans.So, while yoga pants may help you detox and clear out your mind, they most certainly won't do the same for the ocean. Andwe're pretty gutted that our workout wear is a potential threat to the environment, so we're going making a bid to check out the ingredients on the product labels of clothes before we buy them.Like this? You might also be interested in:Are 2017's Newest Exercise Trends Bulls**t Or Boss?This Is Why Health Apps Telling You To Walk 10,000 Steps A Day Are BSGetting To Third Base With The Nike Zonal Strength TightsFollow Arianna on Twitter @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Princess Diana was a rebel, relaxing the Royal rules that seem to state you can only wear variations of pastels with matching gloves.  She had fun with clothes and wasn’t scared to make a statement. I can vividly remember watching her on TV when I was younger, mesmerised like the rest of the nation. Though she was unquestionably a Princess through and through she didn’t look like other Royals – stiff and unapproachable. This was thanks to her famously warm and friendly demeanour, but also her clothes.The media was obsessed with Diana, detrimentally so. What she wore always (rightly or wrongly) made headlines and saw throes of women copycatting her look. Newspapers would always account Diana’s outfit to how she was feeling. They hailed the dress she wore after Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles affair broke, ‘The Revenge Dress’. Personally, I think she simply enjoyed Fashion and had impeccable taste, every dress was not a direct comment on her marriage. Strangely, no one seemed to investigate what Charles 50th tweed suit ‘meant’.I employ you to do a Google search right now of Di’s style, you won’t be disappointed. The denim dungarees, the polka dot dresses, masses of check, tartan and gingham. In a strange way, particularly with fashion’s ‘90s revival, she manages to look both dated and modern.Diana did casualwear like no other. How she looked so chic in light denim ‘mom’ jeans and a blazer, I’ll never know. I think she was, and remains, a style icon because her look was attainable. Kate Middleton always looks stunning, but I wouldn’t rush to steal her wardrobe. Diana’s, on the other hand, I would wear in an instant.Princess Di made such an impact on British culture that she's still referenced today. When WAH Nails’ Sharmadean Reid designed a capsule collection for ASOS, she paid homage to her wardrobe. There was the V-neck blazer dress, preppy cricket jumpers, pearl-trimmed cocktail dresses and kilts. The collection quickly sold out, so I think that puts any questions of her style’s relevance today to bed.via GIPHYDiana had many seminal outfits, but for me, there is one clear favourite. In 1989 she wore this red and pink blazer dress in Kuwait during her tour of the Gulf States. Bold, standout and statement, Diana wasn’t planning on hiding in the shadows.There’s a lot to love: the power-shoulder tailoring, asymmetric fastening, the Sloane Ranger gold buttons. Red and pink are colours you’d see in the pages of a glossy magazine under the title ‘A Fashion Don’t.’ Luckily, that didn’t stop Diana.The dress was designed by one of Diana’s favourite London labels Catherine Walker.  British milliner Philip Sommerville made the matching hat. Always one to honour tradition, Kate Middleton has worn both the designers in recent years.Like everything in fashion, trends come back around, so I wasn’t surprised to see this colour clash ruling the catwalks of late. I wonder if designers were also 20 pages deep into a ‘Diana Style’ Google search. For catwalk evidence, look up Balenciaga, Valentino, Prada, Gucci and Céline.Gucci, Givenchy and Stella McCartney continued the theme for Pre-fall 17. At the current A/W 17 Paris Fashion Week, shades of strawberry and raspberry were seen at Valentino, ultra-cool French Label Koche and on every street style star that matters. So, you can bet this trend isn’t going anywhere this year or next.If I win the lottery, you’d better believe I’ll be spending my dosh on red and pink.  I’d wear this Sacai midi skirt with a pink tee and Gucci scarf. I would also be partial to this Gucci skirt, channelling Diana ‘s tailoring by pairing it with this Rachel Zoe pink blazer.Twenty years after her death, Kensington Palace is dedicating an exhibition to The Princess and her famous clothing. Diana: Her Fashion Story, which is open now until 2018.Look 1; Look 2; Look 3; Look 4; Look 5; Look 6; Look 7; Look 8Where theres a catwalk and street style trend, Instagram outfits follow. If you’re unsure of how to wear the trend, look no further than these ladies:@erica_davies;@souzanabaradie; @ebbarooseniit; @norafabian; @irene_cherry_b; @ilovefitametrica ; @patzhunterThough I’ll be dreaming of Gucci, I plan to rock Diana’s look with help from these High Street heroes. If you’re a total colour-phobe, try pairing a red lip with a pink top and vice versa for a subtle take on the trend.H&M, Ruffled blouse, £34.99; Topshop, Skirt, £32; & Other Stories, Stripe Jumper £79; Zara, trousers £39.99; M&S, Autograph Pink Blouse, £49.50; Bershka, Biker Jacket, £25.99; Bershka, Jeggings, £12.99; River Island, Loafers, £30; Kiko, Lipstick in Raspberry and Lively Pink, £3.95 **Like this? Then you might also be interested in:**Remembering Versace's Most Viral MomentRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Scrolling And Lol-ing At All The Times Ivanka Trump Went To Fashion WeekFollow Jenny on Instagram @jennybrownleesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Nothing says ‘I love you’ quite like a piece of jewellery (at least that’s the hint we keep dropping before Valentine’s Day…) so what better way to celebrate your mum than by giving her a beautiful piece she can wear and think of you. We spoke to Stephen Fairchild, Chief Creative Officer of Pandora, to get his advice on how to choose the perfect jewellery for Mother’s Day. What are the biggest jewellery trends this season?One of the biggest jewellery trends for spring/summer is to go bold and stack vibrant colours together to create colourful statement pieces. Another trend is mixing metals for example mixing silver with warmer hues like our unique metal blend Pandora Rose.What do you recommend as a classic gift on Mother’s Day?The Pandora Floating Locket is ideal for Mother’s Day since you can customize it with the receiver in mind by adding miniatures which tell a story or express sentiment and style.Are there any pieces in particular that seem more popular on Mother’s Day?Symbolic pieces are popular for Mother’s Day for example the Love Knot series which has previously been launched in silver and for spring/summer 2017 in Pandora Rose. The knot is a stylish and subtle symbol of a strong bond.What are your three biggest sellers?The classical Moments Silver Charm Bracelet is our best-selling piece followed by our Moments Silver Bracelet with Heart Clasp and our Moments Sterling Silver Charm Bangle. Our Sterling Silver Heart Charm is also a best-seller.How should you pick a piece of jewellery for someone else? What do you need to bear in mind?Take inspiration from the woman herself. Think of her personality, her style and how she adapts her look. Is she classic or eclectic? A fan of silver or two-tone, gold or rose-coloured metal? If she likes pastels or pearly looks, think about a piece that incorporates these. Or if she loves traditional motifs, you can go in that direction. If you want your jewellery to make a sentimental statement, then designs featuring an engraving or space for your own message are ideal.Have you seen an increase in the sales of anything in particular this past year?Globally we have experienced an increase in especially our rings category. In fact, in 2016 ring sales increased by 28%.Which three pieces of jewellery do you think everyone should own?I think every woman should own one or several colourful pieces which can always add a bit of colour to their look. This could be colourful rings which can be stacked according to the mood or outfit. Every woman should own a pair of classic earrings such as the Pandora Rose Love Knot studs which can be used both during the day and evening for a classic look. A pair of statement earrings such as the Dazzling Daisies earring climbers are also good to have in the jewellery box.Which celebrities/influences do you think wear jewellery well?Whether being a celebrity/influencer or not, I think that women who wear jewellery with confidence wear it well. We want women to be able to express who they are by showing their style, their values and their personal stories, through our jewellery pieces.As a Scandi brand, have you seen more interest in your products with the rise of Scandi fashion?Being one of the three biggest jewellery brand in the world, we can still see that there is an interest in our heritage and the fact that Pandora originates from Denmark. Being founded in Denmark is strongly rooted in the company today and it is reflected in our jewellery design, the quality and craftsmanship of our products, the way we work and in our corporate social responsibility. In short, we care about our people, our planet and our products.Shop our edit of the best Mother's Day jewellery below.Starlight 18kt Rose Gold Vermeil & Sapphire Square Bracelet,£225, Links of London Mother's Day Jewellery - Grazia2of10Starlight 18kt Rose Gold Vermeil & Sapphire Square Bracelet,£225, Links of London Dazzling Daisy Clusters Stud Earrings, £55, PandoraColourful Stacking Rings, £55, PandoraLove Rose Knots, £65 PandoraSterling Silver Love Bracelet, £136, Thomas Sabo*15% off personal engraving for Mother's DaySparkling Dance Round Necklace, £85, SwarovskiStirling Silver Charm Bracelet, £115, Emporio Armani Gold Girl Charm Necklace, £145, Missoma Loving Heart Necklace, £560, Tiffany & CoNura Pebble Bracelet, £525, Monica Vinader READ MORE: Mother's Day Gift GuideREAD MORE: What To Do With Your Mum This Mother's Day© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Givenchy has finally announced the news we’ve all been waiting for.Since Kardashian favourite Riccardo Tisci announced his departure from the LVMH couture house back in January, rumours of potential successors have circulated.But just over an hour ago, Givenchy put an end to speculation as the brand announced Clare Waight Keller as the new artistic director via Instagram.The designer announced her departure from Chloé back in January after a five-year stint at the French house.Givenchy chief executive officer Philippe Fortunato told WWD: "She has this great ability to break the rules and innovate without making a revolution. Her very focused approach will help the brand in building the ongoing momentum we have - and taking it to the next level.”Waight Keller will present her debut collection for Givenchy in Paris this October for spring/summer '18.Predecessor Riccardo Tischi is reportedly in talks with Versace though nothing has been confirmed.READ MORE: Chloé Announces New Creative Director© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Remember your childhood days when you were obsessed with one of the Disney princesses? No matter what type of kid you were, we all loved one of them. Whether you were an animal lover (Snow White), wannabe mermaid (Ariel) or just always wanted really long hair (Sleeping Beauty) you probably never quite got over it.And once we got too old to dress up in our favourite princess outfits, it seemed the worldwide fascination was over. Move over, Disney, and move in, MTV. On the other hand, if you’re still secretly harbouring a Disney obsession, you can breathe a sigh of relief, because we’ve got some great news for you:Apparently, you’re not alone. Enchanted Bikinis, the brand behind the new sets, lets you choose between six of your favourite princesses to fulfil all of your Disney related swimming dreams.Although not officially sponsored merch, the bikinis look distinctly similar to the costumes used in the films of our youth (Arabian Nights? cough Jasmine) and there’s even accessories available if you’re wanting to go all out. A seashell phone case might not be the most appropriate tool if you’re off for a swim, but it’ll match perfectly if you’re sunbathing instead, right?The company has already said they’re going to widen the choice of bikinis, andfor suggestions. Prices start at $35 for bottoms and $45 for tops, so while they’re a bit of a splurge, it’s a small price to pay to relive your Disney dreams…Photography: Oliver AyalaLiked this? You might also be interested in:All The Most Bizarre Beauty & The Beast Merch From The New FilmYou Can Now Order Your Own Donald Trump Troll Doll And It Looks TerrifyingHere's The Real Story Behind Original Teenage Hero Pocahontas 400 Years After Her DeathThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...H&M may have been the torchbearers for designer-high street collaborations, but it is Target that’s secured the hottest partnership for 2017. Excitement for Victoria Beckham’s first collection for the American retailer has been ramping up since it was first announced last October, but this week it’s hit fever pitch. Why? News broke that not only would V.B be debuting her first childrenswear line – cuuute – but the range would be available in (UK) size 6-24.‘Harper’s been really involved in the design process,’ Beckham revealed to Vogue, ‘her little favourite is a dress [with] little bunnies on the collar.’ She added, ‘I know what fabrics [children] like because I’ve been dressing them for a long, long time…Take that and apply what I’ve learned through being a mum.’Following in the footsteps of Lily Pulitzer, Peter Pilotto and Missoni before her, Victoria will be delivering her first collection at an affordable price point with the store this April. The limited edition line draws on the bold, playful prints of her diffusion line Victoria, Victoria Beckham. Both women and tiny tots will be able to get their hands on the collection that runs 200 items deep and is priced between £5 and £60. So, make sure you’re first in line come April 9th when the collection drops on Target’s website and Posh Spice’s own website victoriabeckham.com.Like this? Then you might be interested in...9 Basics Under £9 Now It's Harder To Shop American ApparelShould I Buy...Or Rather Get Eyelash Extensions9 New Buzz Beauty Products That Won’t Break The BankFollow Lucy on Twitter @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Online shopping enthusiasts, brace yourselves. We're about to share some news that may change the way you shop online forever. And if you're used to turning up to work in the morning, only to be greeted by a huge ASOS parcel sitting on your desk, then we're sorry to say, but this is going to hurt even more.Much to our dismay, internet shopping vans could potentially be banned from delivering packages to London-based offices, in a bid to cut down congestion in the city. That means no more convenient work delivery services, no more surprise pick-me-up packages from friends and family, and lots more late night trips to the local depot. Great.via GIPHYWondering why? Well, Val Shawcross, London's deputy mayor for transport, has delivered a radical plan to MPs that aims to tackle the capital's air pollution crisis, which online shopping apparently contributes to. According to Val, light delivery vans (which are now dominating the roads due to the popularity of online shopping) account for a fifth of traffic in London.So, her proposal seeks to encourage employers to ban staff from ordering goods to the workplace, which isn't really ideal for us online shopping aficionados. Instead, she wants to push for 'click-and-collect type facilties in public transport modes so that people can collect their deliveries on the way home'.Our thinking is: if we wanted to pick up our deliveries from a click-and-collect facility, or even get our packages sent straight to our house, then it's likely that we would have done so. But, seeing as long working days result in less time to shop IRL, and a regular 9-5 job means that we won't be home when most courier services will be delivering our parcel, we're finding it rather hard to get on board with Val's plan.Of course, it's great that the plan could help to reduce London's dire air pollution crisis, which, as mayor Sadiq Khan warned, is at an all-time high, but the possibility of no longer having a Topshop delivery to look forward to during a dull working day is truly painful. Heartbreaking, even. Whatever will we do?Like this? You might also be interested in:Addicted To Asos? You'll Love Online Shop StoretsGreggs Have Launched A Delivery Service. This Is Not A DrillFarmdrop: The App That Delivers Organic Fruit And Veg Meat From Local Farmers Straight To Your DoorFollow Arianna on Twitter @ariannachatzThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Her blonde platinum hair? 24/7 glamour both on and off-screen? Decades on, the Marilyn Monroe-effect shows no signs of waning. For those in need of vintage style inspo you just need to head to your local HMV and re-watch classics from Niagara and How To Marry A Millionaire to once again full in love with the style icon, with a flair for pinched in waists and signature red lipstick. Marilyn’s favourite accessory? Diamonds, of course.So to celebrate Swarovski's’s sparklers on the silver screen, the brand’s called on ambassador Karlie Kloss to play dress up for a new mini-series - re-imagining legendary scenes from the most fashionable films in history…‘This campaign is all about juxtaposing classic and modern style,’ Karlie Kloss says in a statement. ‘I have always been an admirer of the timeless Hollywood glamour of Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe, and being able to evoke their iconic movie scenes and add a modern spin was such a fun experience.’The 24-year-old model, student and tech aficionado recreates a modern-day interpretation of that Marilyn moment in 1953 hit Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. Hot pink dress? Check. Drenched in diamonds? Check.As Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany’s, Kloss wears Audrey’s signature LBD (with a lot more sequins) and the archive pearl ‘Enlace’ necklace. Polishing off her look with the most luxe item of them all...a diamond coffee cup.‘What I love most about icons like Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe is the confidence they bring to every scene and character they played,’ Kloss adds. ‘They’ve shown that a woman who is confident and strong-willed will always be in style.’READ MORE: 6 Times Kendall Jenner Channelled Audrey Hepburn READ MORE: 20 Of Marilyn Monroe's Most Iconic Style Moments © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From white t-shirts to tube socks, American Apparel was our basics bae. So you, like us, may have been crying into your collection of nude strappy bodysuits ever since it shut all but one of its UK stores (sob). But cry no more! Because we’ve scoured the high street - virtually and physically - to find the best replacements we can. And, the best bit? It’s all under £9.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...Animal Attraction: Is Cow Print the New Leopard?Why It Took Nike Six Years To Design Their Wavy New Air MaxIs This The Most Exciting Beauty Launch of 2017?Follow Chloe on Twitter @chlogray_This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In a land far far away the fashion gods and Disney maestros cooked up a plan so cool, so unexpected, so…spring / summer ’17.Yep, the brains behind making crocs a genuinely cool item - Christopher Kane if you have taken an Insta-detox of late – has created a limited edition Beauty and the Beast collection of unisex ready-to-wear pieces and accessories.The Scottish designer, known for his off-beat and standout shows during London Fashion Week says he ‘wanted to create a modern day interpretation and wardrobe for the strong, heroic female character, offering an elegant and modern representation of such a beloved and classic story.’‘I have loved Disney since my childhood and all of the classics, of which Beauty and the Beast is one,’ Kane said in a statement. ‘Looking back at past seasons, our archive was rich with elements that support Beauty and the Beast themes, and we were very much inspired by the film’s setting and mood.’Although don’t expect to nab a vintage yellow ball gown– this new line is a very modern fashion fairytale – think photographic organza applique skirts, teacup earrings, pastel blue garments (a nod to Belle’s ‘casual’ dress in the film), and enchanted rose tees.No doubt inspired by the actress who is playing Belle in the reboot we've all been waiting for, Kane and Disney have collaborated with sustainable brand consultancy Eco-Age.Emma Watson -  an outspoken advocate of ethical shopping - even set up a new Instagram account, @the_press_tour, to shine the spotlight on lesser-known eco-friendly brands she’s wearing during the global promo tour of Beauty and the Beast.Conscious clothing? Christopher Kane? DISNEY? This is sure to sell out fast.The Christopher Kane capsule will be available from March 16th, alongside the film’s global release, in the brand’s flagship store on London’s Mount Street and its e-commerce site christopherkane.com.View the top picks from the collection below...Beauty and the Beast Christopher Kane - Grazia2of16READ MORE: 9 Zara-Like Labels You Need To Know READ MORE:Emma Watson's Favourite Ethical Brands © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sock-layering weather it may be, but fashion’s hottest designers are already gearing up for spring/summer 2017 - with the latest campaigns now flooding in.And this year it’s all about celebrating 2017's breakout stars – including new Louis Vuitton face, 21-year-old American Honey actress Sasha Lane, Quincy Jones' daughter Kenya Kinski-Jones and new Miu Miu squad member, Sonia Ben Ammar.Brit model twins of the moment, Ruth and May Bell, were cast in Maria Chiruri’s first ad for Dior (shot by female photographer Brigitte Lacombe). The photo series, which kicks off a wider  project ‘The Women Behind The Lens’ has a strong feminist message.‘For the campaign [Chiuri] had decided on the models Ruth and May, twin sisters, with a particular feminine quality: delicate and solid, and of course with a strong bond as sisters,’ Lacombe revealed in a statement. ‘It made it very easy for me to relate to and to portray them.’There’s some more familiar faces for Spring, too. From the impeccably cool Chloë Sevigny for J.W.Anderson, Naomi Campbell for Givenchy Jeans to Bella Hadid following in Kendall's footsteps by starring in Fendi's campaign for the first time.Click through the gallery above to see all the SS17 campaigns so far... The Queen of Cool, Chloë Sevigny, stars in  J.W.Anderson's latest campaign. Photographer: Jamie Hawkesworth.SS17 Campaigns - Grazia 2of44 The Queen of Cool, Chloë Sevigny, stars in  J.W.Anderson's latest campaign. Photographer: Jamie Hawkesworth.Identical twins Ruth and May Bell star in Dior's campaign. Photographer: Brigette Lacombe. Anna Ewers, Lexi Boling, Binx Walton and Lil Yachty star in Alexander Wang's Spring/Summer 2017 campaign. Photographers: Inez and Vinoodh.Mariacarla Boscono and Vittoria Ceretti for Givenchy. Photographers: Mert and Marcus. Bella Hadid for Fendi, shot by Karl Lagerfeld.  Edie Campbell stars in Versace's new campaign. Photographer: Bruce Weber. Stella Maxwell and rising star Jordan Kale Barrett in Roberto Cavalli SS17 campaign. Photographers: Luca and Alessandro Morelli. Up-and-coming actress, Sasha Lane, stars in Louis Vuitton's campaign entitled 'Series 6'. Photographer: Bruce Weber. Keeping it in the family, Gigi Hadid also stars in the latest campaign from Moschino, shot by Steven MeiselBella Hadid is a paper doll princess in the latest campaign from Moschino, shot by Steven MeiselGigi Hadid bares all in a series of stunning black and white images for Stuart Weitzman, shot by Mario Testino. Kate Boss exudes glamour in Tory Burch's new SS17 campaign, photographed and styled by fashionista Margaret Zhang.Colour-blocking is key to Miu Miu's SS17, shot by Alasdair McLellan, starring Lara Stone, Karen Elson and Sonia Ben Ammar. Alexander McQueen’s spring/summer '17 campaign features model Vittoria Ceretti. Photographer: Jamie Hawkesworth.  Chloe Moretz embodies Americana cool in Coaches latest campaign, shot by longtime Coach collaborator Steven Meisel and styled by Karl Templer. Chloé's SS17 campaign is all about the romantic details, floaty silhouettes and crisp fabrics. "For me this collection is about going back to the roots and simplicity of French style," Clare Waight Keller says. "For effortless clothes in beautiful proportions." Russian supermodel Sasha Pivovarova stars in FRAME's uber chic and stripped back Spring/Summer 2017 campaign, shot by Erik Torstensson. Sasha Pivovarova works the soft utility trend for Spring 2017 in FRAME's new campaign by Erik TorstenssonKenya Kinski Jones and Will Peltz are a model couple (literally - the pair have been in a relationship for nearly six years) in Ermanno Scervino's SS17 campaign by Peter Lindbergh. Gigi Hadid rocks the coolest '80s-style curls for Max Mara's SS17 campaign, shot by Steven Meisel.Ermanno Scervino's SS17 campaign by Peter Lindbergh, starring Kenya Kinski Jones (daughter of Quincy Jones). Naomi Campbell and Justin Levy front Givenchy Jeans new campaign for SS17, styled by Carine Roitfeld and shot by fashion photography duo Luigi and Iango. Alexa Chung looks pretty in pink in the SS17 campaign for Longchamp Paris. Alexa Chung, our all-time favourite fashionista, has been working her sartorial charm in the SS17 campaign for Longchamp Paris. Shoe porn alert from Chiara Ferragni's colourful campaign, starring Lera Pentelute and shot by Brendan StumpfStreet style star, blogger and designer Chiara Ferragni, reveals her dreamy SS17 ad, starring Lera Pentelute and shot by Brendan StumpfDanish model to watch, Frederikke Sofie, stars in Maje's SS17 campaignLily Aldridge stars in Salvatore Ferragamo's SS17 campaign, shot by Peter LindeberghLily Aldridge stars alongside Andres Velencoso and McKenna Hellam in Salvatore Ferragamo's SS17 campaign, shot by Peter LindeberghSofia Sanchez de Betak is the face of Roger Vivier's Spring Summer 2017, launching the Viv' Tango bag (an homage to her Argentinean roots). The Kooples unveils its new Spring-Summer 2017 collection and looks back at the origins of a romantic encounter. Bella Hadid stars in DKNY's new sleek campaign - a love letter to New York of sorts -  shot by photographer Collier SchorrThe spring/summer '17 campaign for COS took place in New York's West Chelsea art district. Photographer: Zoë GhertnerThe Giorgio Armani spring/summer campaign. Photographers: Mert Alas and Marcus Piggot.Set in lush grass against the backdrop of New York City's skyline, Coach's Spring 2017 shot - photographed by none other than Steven Meisel - is a mix of romantic blush pink prints and tough studded leather jackets.Scotch & Soda's SS17 campaign shot by Emma Summerton and styled by Patti Wilson.Valention's SS17 campaign shot by David Sims. Theory's spring/summer '17 campaign was shot by Erik Tortensson and features models including Adwoa Aboah, Amber Valettta, Fei Fei Sun, Lily Aldridge and Liya Kebede.Céline Summer 17 campaign by Juergen Teller and Zoë Ghertner.Rosie Huntington-Whiteley stars in the campaign for Rosie HW X PAIGE collection. Suki Waterhouse's younger sisters, Immy and Maddie, star in the spring/summer '17 campaign for V By Very. Emily Ratajkowski stars in DKNY's Spring/ Summer 2017 intimates, hoisery and sleepwear campaign, shot by Sebastian Faena. DKNY debuts Emily Ratajkowski for Spring/ Summer 2017 intimates, hoisery and sleepwear campaign, shot by Sebastian Faena. READ MORE: 9 Rising Fashion Bloggers You Need To Know READ MORE: Meet Sasha Lane, American Honey's Dazzling Breakout StarREAD MORE: 13 New Models To Name Drop In 2017 © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s Sunday morning. Bleary eyed, you clamber around your bedroom deciding what to wear - something that will take very little effort but still appears ‘put together’ enough to meet your pals for brunch. A fail-safe outfit? A pair of your favourite skinny jeans, a comfy white tee and a hoodie (fashion kudos if it’s Vetements). With ‘athleisure’ and ‘back to basics’ key trends for spring/summer ’17, the low-key look is still reigning among the street style set.But what you've probably been unaware of this whole time is how these wardrobe staples could be seriously damaging your health, according to the experts.BCA chiropractor Tim Hutchful told Sky News: ‘I am always surprised at how many of my patients are unaware that their clothing and accessories can affect their back health and their posture,’ adding ‘and equally how many decide their outfit-choice outweighs their pain.’‘While overloaded and heavy handbags are a common culprit, some more unexpected items like skinny jeans can also wreak havoc,’ Hutchful warns. ‘They restrict free movement in areas such as the hips and knees, affecting the way we hold our bodies.’So does this mark the death of the ‘skinny’ jean in 2017? Think of it more as an opportunity to 5:2 your wardrobe.‘Moderation is best,’ Tim advices. ‘And there are easy ways you can reduce the impact on your posture and overall health.’‘For example - try and limit the number of times you wear skinny jeans or high heels every week so you're giving your body a break.’Done and done!READ MORE: 9 New Fashion Brands Zara Addicts Will Love READ MORE: The Beret Is Back © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We love high-end clothing, but high-end price tags not so much. If you feel the same way, then you’re going to love Singaporean online shop Storets. It’s like ASOS in that it’s fast, affordable fashion that’s right on the heartbeat of trends, but it’s an obscure enough website that you won’t run the chance of buying the same pieces as your best mate. While the store has been around for a while and garnered several street style famous fans – looking at you Man Repeller’s Leandra Medine and Park & Cube’s Shini Park – it’s still flying very much under the radar. Vegan shoppers will be pleased to find out that they have lots of plant-friendly pieces too and regularly shy away from using leathers and furs. So what will you find on the site? There’s lots of tempting basics and classics with a modern twist, but if you want on to know what’s got our heart beating faster, scroll on…Like this? Then you might also be interested in...5 Smart Things To Say About Comme Des Garçons Bonkers AW17 ShowThe One Item All PFW Girls Rely On When It’s RainingRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ve teamed up with Boden to celebrate the new season by giving one lucky winner the chance to win £1000 Boden vouchers!Whether you’re looking for that perfect summer wedding guest dress, a maxi for your upcoming holiday or simply something to put a spring in your step in the office, Boden has got you covered, with everything from florals to lace to brights making an appearance in the new collection.Boden - Grazia2of10To enter, follow our instructions below. Good luck!How To Enter The Grazia & Boden Summer Favourites Pinterest Competition:• Visit www.pinterest.com/GraziaUK/grazia-boden/• Create a board called “Grazia & Boden Summer Favourites”• Pin your favourite look from the Grazia & Boden Pinterest Board to the board and explain why you like it or build a look around it with other Pins from Pinterest.The closing date for entries is Tuesday 4th April at 23:59pm. Terms and conditions apply.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Miranda Priestley famously said, ‘Florals, for Spring? Groundbreaking’, she obviously hadn’t seen The Debrief’s edit. If she had, she would have noticed that this season they have blossomed into scene-stealing, eye-popping bouquets. Veering between abstract and almost scientific in detail, they are buoyed with a new sense of optimism and toughened up for 2017. There’s nothing prim or proper about these posies….Like this? Then you might also be interested in...10 New Jeans That Will Make Your Butt Look AmazingAll The Things We Want From Jeanne Damas' Fashion Line10 Shades of Red Lipsticks Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If like me, you spend your days scrolling through the ASOS 'New In' page, you'll have noticed that SS17 goodies have been dropping thick and fast over the past few weeks. And with 90% of my current wardrobe cleared out, packed up and ready to hit the car boot sales next month, I took it upon myself (and my 30G's) to try on all the hottest new season pieces.Milk It Vintage, Military Jacket With Frills, £45; Reclaimed Vintage, Midi Dress In Check With Shirring, £36Suffering from gingham fatigue? (Although I'm pretty sure that's not possible.) Try plaid as a refreshing alternative. This Reclaimed Vintage pinafore dress is the ultimate chuck-on-and-go item. Plus, it will look cute-as-a-button layered over a simple white tee. Without a doubt, the best part is it's shirred bodice, which is stretchy enough to wrap around even the roundest of melons.ASOS, Red Gingham Deconstructed Midi Skirt, £32; ASOS, T-Shirt Boxy Fit And Cut About Stripe, £18On the other hand, if you're knee-deep in gingham and don't plan on kicking the habit anytime soon, this skirt is calling your name. For spring, pair it with a  boxy Breton top (girls with big boobs can wear stripes too you know) and your freshest white creps. That is until summer finally rolls around, and you can swap'em out for a cute cropped Bardot and your trusty sliders. Can't. Bloody. Wait.I'm more than aware these jeans don't have anything to do with big boobs (or any sized boobs for that matter), but when it comes to proportions, these are the ultimate Avril Lavigne dream. And bonus, they look just as cute with sequins as they would with your favourite long-sleeved slogan top. ASOS Cropped Skater Jeans In Tabacoo, £35; ASOS Crop Top In Sequin Stripe, £45ASOS, Mustard Check Cotton Shirt with Extreme Tie Sleeves, £30; ASOS, Cowl Neck Slip Dress, £20Yup, yet another checked item to add to your (probably already extensive) SS17 collection. Except for this time, it features additional (and I'll admit slightly impractical) oversized sleeve bows. Wear it under a statement lemon slip or pair it with your new skater jeans…Oh and despite the fact it's been cut from a menswear shirt pattern, it couldn't be more flattering on the breasteses.Top tip: avoid eating soup and doing the washing up at all costs.Milk It Vintage, Smock Dress In Floral, £40Lets be honest, this smock dress is short AF (so I think I'll wait until April before I crack it out in public) but, my fellow busty babes, don't let the micro length and high neck put you off. The oversized shape is surprisingly flattering, and with the added fluted sleeves and cute micro florals, this is the easiest win for when the sun starts shining. Chop chop summer!Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrTinashe for Urban Outfitters X Juicy Couture shot by Petra CollinsThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATFollow Lotte on Instagram @asos_lotteThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s the epitome of Parisian chic. Thrust into the sartorial spotlight courtesy of Hollywood icon Faye Dunaway circa Bonnie and Clyde and '60s screen siren Brigitte Bardot, the wool topper instantly became a fashionable hit.With connotations of France (it’s a stereotype which lies alongside baguettes and frogs legs), the sixties (freckle-faced model Twiggy famously championed the trend) and elegance ('Moi?').The quintessentially French accessory notably experienced a re-run in the nineties, as cult classic Clueless, introduced us to Cher Horowtiz. Decked in head-to-toe tartan, the idolised American high-school student taught us how to achieve peak chic, armed with thigh-high boots, yellow plaid co-ords and a fluffy pen.And the beret has infiltrated the fashion scene once more and instead of embodying the spirit of a try-hard artiste/the high-school elite, the beret has now earned its spot atop the heads of Insta-bloggers.And it’s no wonder, as our desire to revisit the past is greater than ever before. Not only are we still excessively regramming ‘90s Kate Moss, we’re adopting countless retro gone-bys from Champion hoodies to lycra leggings.No longer is it enough to pay tribute to bygone eras through old-school tumblr pages and disposable-effect filters, as fashion is readily embracing forgotten gems.Just look at the latest release of Jackie for instance, the fash pack instantly seized the opportunity to imitate the former First Lady six decades later, thriving on her iconic Chanel suit and tendency for cold-shoulder dresses. Evidence that we’re still seeking inspo from the late greats.And the beret is no different, as we desperately attempt to achieve nonchalant chic with the slight tilt of the Parisian headgear, a sartorial nod to the bygone French staple.So channel the look this season with the help of the street style set.Exhibit A - how the microtrend has taken on a whole new meaning:Credit: GettyIn brighter weather, reflect the mood with pastel hues. Compliment sky blue with camel tones and it's a look you can carry through to summer (when it eventually returns).  Beret - Grazia2of6In brighter weather, reflect the mood with pastel hues. Compliment sky blue with camel tones and it's a look you can carry through to summer (when it eventually returns).  You needn't opt for a black beret. Don bold red with complimentary tones such as camel suede and snakeskin boots. Remember, there is no greater accompaniment to the beret than a turtleneck. A beret may be a classic accessory but you don't necessarily have to style it with tailored pieces. Channel the sixties with a graphic tee, jeans and a faux-fur.The beret works best with monochrome get-ups. So dig out your winter loafers and most envy-inducing black coat for a trans-seasonal look.Tackle two trends in one and pair your beret with a cold-shoulder top. Finish with a PVC mini and a bold lip. One word - chic. Fashion influencer Miroslava Duma drew attention to the beret as she paired the Parisian headgear with a minimal get-up. Channel the look with a tailored white coat and minimal accessories.Main image courtesy of blogger Paulina Steposwka. Make sure to follow her on Instagram.READ MORE: This Fashion Item Is Officially The Next Must-HaveREAD MORE: 9 Faux Fur Coats To Combat This Arctic Weather© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Palace, Supreme, slip-on sneakers, we can barely count the ways that skate culture has rolled into fashion. But, the latest element to be pilfered is a shredding both the catwalks and Instagram. Vans’ black and white checkerboard was a key pattern in Marques’Almeida’s autumn winter 17 collection and ever since the girls of Instagram have been coolly integrating the monochrome op-art pattern into their wardrobes. Whether it’s as a slinky slip or as a daffy set of dungarees, this is how to wear this hype pattern like the best of Instagram…Credit: @salemmitchellThey say three’s a trend, but they didn’t account for the power of friendship. You know you’re on to something when your best mate buys the same piece as you. We like @ohkemo has worn his dungarees over a hoodie. Nabbing that styling tip, thanks very much.Credit @kierapleaseIf you’re willing to wig people out, then go big and wear three patterns at once. Kiera teamed her checkerboard with stripes and classic Vans slip-ons.Credit @sophographylondonPhotographer Sophie Jones is making her G-Star Raw trousers work that little bit harder with monochrome Vans high tops.Credit @oliviafaysmithASOS Insider Olivia’s slinky asymmetric slip dress throws shade at trad checkerboards with its oscillating print and abstract stripes. Into it? Very.Credit @agrknitJust because black and white is the classic combination, don’t let it stop you doing a Skittles and trying the rainbow. We love how Alicia has teamed her trousers with Pop Art Converses.Credit @avanopeVans have made checkerboard their calling card for a reason. So don’t faff with this classic, keep the combination intact with a pair of matching slip-ons, like both the skaters and the Louis loving girls like Ava Nirui do.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...5 Smart Things To Say About Comme Des Garçons Bonkers AW17 ShowThe One Item All PFW Girls Rely On When It’s RainingRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With AW17 fashion season in full swing, it seems near impossible to avoid the subject of politics when discussing the runway shows and presentations. In a lot of ways it makes sense — with Brexit and the Trump presidency throwing the world into increased political turmoil, designers expressing their protest at our current political climate and taking a stand for what they believe in should, in theory, be a positive. However, with many houses expressing a new-found ‘wokeness’ comes an increased responsibility to practice what they preach, and it’s here that many of our beloved brands fall short.During New York Fashion Week, Prabal Gurung presented a t-shirt emblazoned with ‘The Future is Female’ on the runway. If the slogan sounds familiar, well that’s because it is — and not only because Cara Delevingne came under fire herself last year for attempting to bring her t-shirt bearing the same phrase to market. First produced in the ‘70s for New York’s first women’s bookstore, a new version of the t-shirt is now sold by indie clothing company Otherwild, with a guaranteed 25% of sale proceeds donated to Planned Parenthood. It’s immediately clear to see why a luxury label appropriating a slogan ingrained in the women’s rights community is problematic.Gurung himself hasn’t commented on whether his label will be donating any profit to charitable causes, however, Rachel Berk’s from Otherwild told Paper Magazine the company was not made aware of Gurung’s use before the show itself. Saying, ‘Prabal Gurung appropriated the newly popularised design for his runway show [and] did not contact or credit Otherwild to share/discuss the FIF-inspired t-shirt for his current runway show... I'm not personally aware of any charitable contributions connected to his use of the t-shirt, nor his thoughts on feminism or related political, ethical, or artistic beliefs.’Back on home turf, this season’s London Fashion Week saw a slew of designers offer up their political visions for AW17. From Ashley Williams to Bora Aksu and Ashish — in our capital city it was the smaller, more independent designers who took charge in terms of peddling social messages and slogan t-shirts on the catwalk. From William’s pairing her ‘Save The Planet’ tank top with Instagram-environmental activist Glacier Girl to Ashish’s carry-on from his hugely popular ‘immigrant’ tee last season with a whole show of sequinned slogans: the London designers are arguably designing with their hearts — and not just their wallets — in mind.While the idea of ‘wokeness’ is increasingly saturating all parts of popular culture, political statements on the runway aren’t a new concept. Genuine political statements made through fashion are possible — and designers such as Vivienne Westwood, Katherine Hamnett and the now defunct label Meadham Kirchhoff have all used clothing as an authentic way to convey activist messages to the world at large. However, with the rise of fourth wave feminism has come a slew of labels and corporations hoping to cash in on the fight for women’s rights. Remember when Chanel sent their own — heavily criticised — version of a Slut Walk down the runway in 2014?Fast forward three years and peddling a political message seems more of a not-so-savvy marketing technique than a genuine clapback at the current state of women’s equality.  For her SS17 debut at French house Dior, Maria Grazia Chiuri featured her own message of female empowerment in the form of ‘We Should All Be Feminists’ t-shirts appearing as part of her first collection for the label. As Dior’s first female creative director, many read the feminist message as one to wave in a new era of female empowerment at the house. However, with diversity and inclusivity at the core of fourth wave feminist ideology, how progressive can a $700 t-shirt really be?Fashion, although arguably improving, is still one of the most exclusive industries in the world, both in terms of price points and racial or body-type diversity. Last seasons SS17 New York Fashion Week saw models of colour represented on the runway just over 24 per cent of the time — meaning white models still dominated 76 per cent of the runway. It’s all very well vocalising messages of empowerment, but actions speak louder than words. In the case of luxury houses, many fall short when it comes to putting their money — or messages of self-love and diversity — where their mouths are. The slogan t-shirts produced by big brands, unlike their indie label counterparts, often serve to line the pockets of male CEO’s as opposed to progressing women’s equality in any larger way than simple lip service.Before shelling out hundreds of pounds for a faux-feminist tee or supporting unethical production practises from high-street brands, shop closer to home for labels that say what they mean and do what they say. Take Birdsong, an ethical e-commerce platform with a strict no sweatshops, no photoshop policy. Or Clio Peppiatt, the London-based womenswear designer that alongside her luxury ready-to-wear label produces affordable, empowering slogan shirts and enamel pins with a cut of the profit donated to charities of her choice.Because although any label or fashion brand using politics or social causes to sell their own clothing should have their motives examined: there are genuine, appropriate statements to be made in the context of fashion. In an increasingly far-right world, it seems only natural that we’d all hope to make a stand wherever we can in our lives — including our choice of outfit.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:The XXL-Sized Problem With Kylie Jenner’s ‘Thick' CollectionThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Follow Ione on Instagram @ionegambleThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether it's a royal wedding or the nuptials of the Insta-famous, nothing captures our sartorial imagination like a bridal gown.While pouring over acres of organza and vintage lace isn't exactly the edgiest of fashion pursuits, even the most stone-hearted of cynics will admit that there's still something captivating about the idea of the big white dress - particularly when the dress in question is worn by a Hollywood A-lister or a real life princess.From traditional styles like Audrey Hepburn's demure Balmain and Grace Kelly's high-necked lace to Solange's rule-breaking white jumpsuit and Bianca Jagger's nonchalant YSL skirt-suit, the best wedding outfits are unforgettable, influencing our own bridal get-ups for years to come.Call us hopeless romantics, but we've delved through the archives to bring you some of the most iconic wedding dresses of all time. And yes, Kate Middleton gets a mention...Credit: Getty ImagesFor her first wedding to Conrad Hilton, Elizabeth Taylor wore a traditional off-the-shoulder gown designed by MGM costumier Helen Rose - the designer responsible for Grace Kelly's wedding dress.Credit: Getty ImagesGwen Stefani's pink and white ombré-effect bridal gown (worn for her 2002 wedding to Gavin Rossdale) was designed by John Galliano. She later donated it to London's Victoria and Albert museum, describing it as 'a piece of art.'Credit: Getty ImagesSilver screen star Mary Pickford gives a lesson in 1920s bridal glamour.Credit: Getty ImagesMia Farrow opted for the clean lines and simple silhouette of a skirt suit for her 1966 wedding to Frank Sinatra, perfectly complimenting her iconic Sixties pixie crop.Credit: Getty ImagesYoko Ono chose a simple tiered mini dress, a wide-brimmed hat and white pumps for her wedding to John Lennon. Oh, and massive sunglasses. Only in the Sixties...Credit: Getty ImagesWe couldn't not include Mariah's characteristically dramatic bridal gown (complete with tiara), worn for her first wedding in 1993. Designed by Vera Wang, the $25,00 style was reportedly inspired by Princess Diana's wedding dress.Credit: Getty ImagesKeira Knightley wore a knee-skimming tulle dress by Chanel couture for her low-key wedding to musician James Righton in 2013. Knightley chose to wear a dress she already owned (from the fashion house's S/S'06 collection) - and has since re-worn it for red carpet appearances. Well, if the dress fits...Credit: Getty ImagesPrincess Margaret chose a silk organza gown by Norman Hartnell - the designer behind the wedding and coronation dresses of her sister, Queen Elizabeth - for her wedding in 1960. The tailored shape and lack of embellishment (a striking departure from previous royal wedding styles) lead Life magazine to crown it 'the simplest royal wedding gown in history.'Credit: Getty ImagesQueen Elizabeth II had to save up ration coupons to exchange for the duchesse satin used in her wedding dress, which was designed by Norman Hartnell and decorated in 10,000 imported pearls.Credit: Getty ImagesJacky Kennedy's traditional wedding dress was designed by Ann Lowe, a designer favoured by American high society, and was made from nearly 50 ft of ivory silk taffeta.Credit: Getty ImagesWas there ever a more perfect wedding dress than Kate Moss's bias-cut, Thirties-inspired slip of a gown, custom made by her friend John Galliano? The designer later described the process of making Kate's dress as his 'creative rehab.'Credit: Getty ImagesThe original 'it' girl Bianca Jagger broke the rules for her 1971 wedding to Mick Jagger, choosing a slim-fitting skirt suit designed by Yves Saint Laurent.Credit: Getty ImagesHepburn chose a pale pink mini dress and matching headscarf, designed by her lifelong friend Hubert de Givenchy, for her second wedding to Andrea Dotti in 1969.Credit: Getty ImagesFor her first wedding to Mel Ferrer in 1954, Audrey Hepburn wore a high necked, puff-sleeved gown designed by Pierre Balmain (whose fashion house is now best known for high octane glamour and dressing the Kardashian-Jenners...)Credit: Instagram @kimkardashianKim Kardashian called on close friend Riccardo Tisci of Givenchy to design a dress for her wedding to Kanye West. The result was an Instagram-breaking creation featuring cut out panels and long lace sleeves.Credit: Getty ImagesFor her wedding to Alan Ferguson in 2014, Solange Knowles side-stepped bridal traditions by opting for a structured cream jumpsuit by Stéphane Rolland.Credit: Getty ImagesIt was the most talked about wedding dress of the century: Kate Middleton wore a long-sleeved Alexander McQueen gown, designed by creative director Sarah Burton, for her wedding to Prince William in 2011.Credit: Getty ImagesDesigned by MGM costume designer Helen Rose, Grace Kelly's high-necked, long-sleeved gown was a clear inspiration for Kate Middleton's wedding dress. Worn for her 1956 wedding to Prince Rainer of Monaco, it was fashioned from 25 yards of silk taffeta, one hundred yards of silk net, and Brussels rose point lace.Credit: Getty ImagesPrincess Diana's 1981 wedding dress is still one of the most famous bridal styles of all time. The fairytale gown, designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel, was fashioned from ivory silk taffeta and antique lace, which had belonged to Queen Mary. The 25 foot train posed something of a problem, barely fitting into Diana's wedding carriage.READ MORE: 48 Beautiful Wedding Dresses From Bridal Fashion WeekREAD MORE: What To Wear To A Wedding: The Fashion Rules© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Back in January, it was announced that creative director Clare Waight Keller was set to leave Chloé after five years at the French house.Ever since, rumours have been circulating as to who will take on the prestigious role.And her replacement has finally been revealed. It turns out, the rumours were correct as Natacha Ramsay-Levi has been named the new creative director for ready-to-wear, leather goods and accessories.The designer was previously at Louis Vuitton where she worked under Nicolas Ghesquière, who she first started working with at Balenciaga.“I am very proud to join a house founded by a woman to dress women,” Ramsay-Levi said in a statement. “I want to create fashion that enhances the personality of the woman who wears it, fashion that creates a character and an attitude, without ever imposing a ‘look.’"The new creative director will join the French house on April 3, 2017.READ MORE: The Rising International Fashion Brands To Know - And How To Shop Them From The UK© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You know when you find something that just works, you wonder how you ever lived without it? Well, that’s how I feel about Muji’s new jeans.Back when Levi’s first started producing jeans they decided they needed not one or two but, five pockets. Originally the much maligned fifth pocket had a purpose, it was designed to hold a pocket watch. But, in an age when more of us have smartphones than timepieces, it’s become utterly redundant. Enter: Muji’s denim line that’s designed for the digital age.From afar they just look like a nicely cropped pair of dark blue skinny jeans. Nothing ground-breaking, so far. However, up close, hiding behind the back right-hand pocket is a slim pouch that can snuggly hold an iPhone. Keen to wave goodbye to a lifetime crying over our phones’ sliding out of our pockets and into a waiting toilet, we gave them a test drive...They are available in both boyfriend and skinny silhouettes and have enough elastic mixed in with the cotton so that they have a little stretch in them.Yes, it’s snug enough to feel like your phone won’t fall out, but large enough that it’s not squeezed in. I tried it with an iPhone 6 and that was the perfect fit. While you may be able to slide in an older, smaller model I’d be surprised if the pocket could fit the larger iPhone 6 Plus.Under the glaring light of the studio, with our in-house photographer Marco looking perplexed at me, I did some stretches, some lunges and bent over and not once did my phone fall out. The final test was whether I could sit down without bending and destroying my phone forever. While I could feel it protruding – and won’t lie I sat down lighter than I ever have – it survived and lived on to text another day.At first, I was unsure if this was the world’s greatest invention or just another gimmicky sales trick. But, I’m convinced it’s the dream purchase for anyone who likes to leave the house without a handbag. There’s no more squeezing a rectangular object into a square pocket or running the risk of it falling out and crashing to the floor.Muji are currently selling them in store from £29.95. Like this? Then you might be interested in...Milan Street Style More Down To Earth Than You'd Expect There's One Thing The Next Editor Of Vogue Needs To Fix, StatHow London's Cool Girls Do Fashion Week Street StyleThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Looking to amp up your wardrobe? There’s only one it-accessory that ticks all our boxes – the brand spankers new Nike Air Max Jewell. But be warned: once you try them, you’ll never want to take them off…With trainers taking centre stage at fashion week – both on the catwalks and on the front-row – it’s official: SS17 is the season of the It-trainer.And while in the past, men have had a monopoly on the crème de la crème of trainers, that ends here.Meet the Nike Air Max Jewell, the second-ever reinvention of Nike’s cult air max model that’s just for women. On the surface, these are some ruddy good looking kicks – monochromatic, so they’ll go with everything: try them with rolled up blue jeans and a chunky knit, with lycra layers for the ultimate in athleisure, or even with a killer going-out dress – because no one wants to have to stop dancing just because their feet hurt.On the inside, clever tech (listen up, sneaker geeks) like memory foam and an air max unit in the heel, a breathable mesh upper, and a rubber waffle sole for flexible traction, make these sleek sneaks super comfortable, too.And for fashion magpies, a wrap-around heel clip that catches the light will make these babies sparkle, too. Dead comfy, look brilliant and go with everything in your wardrobe? Sorry chaps – looks like us ladies are getting the last laugh.Available at nike.com/women at £80.READ MORE: Nike Launches Its First Plus Size RangeREAD MORE: 'This Girl Can' Campaign To Encourage Young Girls To Take Up Sport© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Come Thursday, AKA delivery day, we flock to the nearest Zara in a bid to bag the 'new in' items we’ve saved to our ever-growing wish list.And last year, one item in particular garnered global media attention. And no, it wasn’t the biker jacket...A blue and white patterned jacket shot to Insta-fame back in September 2016 with the launch of its very own account aptly named ‘That Coat’, the brainwave of blogger Alice Frances.With over 300 coat spottings sent in from across the globe and an Instagram following of over 4,000, the cult coat is undoubtedly the most popular item Zara has ever released.Yet after selling out instantaneously, we didn’t all manage to bag the universally desired must-have. But not to fear, as Zara isn’t one to miss a trick.The Spanish giant has re-released the coat for spring/summer ’17 but this time, in red. The coat is priced at £69.99 and is already available on the site. Just make sure to add the item to your basket before we do…Oh, and keep an eye out. Your fellow colleagues and commuters are also bound to invest in what is set to be this year’s most coveted item.You heard it here first...READ MORE: 23 Things You’ll Only Know If You’re Addicted To ZaraREAD MORE: Olivia Palermo’s Best Zara Outfits Of All Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ll let you into a secret. While the Grazia fashion desk may extol the virtues of new season trends, our personal approach to dressing tends not to be so obviously trend-led.Of course, there might be the one (or three!) key items (see The Elevators) but it is usually teamed with judiciously selected - and rather understated - pieces.  Which essentially means a lot of black, navy and grey. Except this season.This spring, the fash-community is changing tack. Everyone is now, shock, horror, wearing colour. And no, we don’t mean a pop of colour here and there. The new bold, irreverent way to wear colour is not only odd, it is top-to-toe, extreme-ends-of-the-Pantone-spectrum bonkers. Blame the Balenciaga designer, Demna Gvasalia, (aka the most influential designer alive right now) for rewriting the rules of colours that supposedly go together. He sent his models down the catwalk in a cacophony of strangely contrasting – but compelling - numbers. Think red mini-dress with electric blue thigh high boots, a high-neck sugary pink dress with shiny purple spandex, an 80’s style ruched top in bright purple with chocolate brown leggings… You get the picture. Celine’s designer Phoebe Philo, a woman with an innate ability to anticipate what every woman wants to wear, made the idea of combining a lime green top, burgundy skirt and red boots a very welcome proposition.Such is the sway of these deliciously eye-popping confections that even Victoria Beckham, a woman known for her more or less colour-free aesthetic, has been unable to resist. So if you want to make sure your delve into this brave new colour-blocking universe doesn’t get lost in translation, just look to VB. Her blue shirt and orange trouser combo alone is a spot-on lesson in runway-to-reality dressing.Click through our gallery to see how you can get the look:Olive off-the-shoulder top, £500, Fendi at net-a-porter.comColour blocking - Grazia2of9Olive off-the-shoulder top, £500, Fendi at net-a-porter.comBlue A-line skirt, £65, Finery at John LewisGreen kitten heel pumps, £440, Gianvito Rossi at brownsfashion.comBlue blouse, £29.99, ZaraYellow wide leg trousers with belt, £35, Marks and SpencerWhite leather shoes, £55, NextWide cuff silk shirt, £65, & Other StoriesRed trousers, £45, Per Una at Marks and SpencerRed shoes, £223, By Far READ MORE: The Best New York Fashion Week Street Style READ MORE: Olivia Palermo's Best Zara Outfits Of All TimeREAD MORE: Emma Stone's Best Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...ICYMI: Chanel’s AW17 collection was out of this world. Literally. Always one to put on a spectacular show, Karl Lagerfeld went all NASA on us in Paris – launching an actual rocket inside the Grand Palais (a super-luxe rocket named ‘Gabrielle’, of course). Models cosied up in metallic space blankets. And we’ll be dreaming of those silver Barberella-style Go Go boots for days now.But, my dear Chanel girls, it is not just interstellar accessories the fashion world are going crazy for this season. Let us introduce: Chanel emoji stickers (aka, the chicest way to dress up your texts RN).You can download the impossibly decadent Chanel Rouge Coco Gloss stickers on the App store now - think pink Chanel aeroplanes, coffee, cakes and (perfectly manicured){:rel=nofollow} peace signs.Karl Lagerfeld himself is a seasoned mobile user. He owns four iPhones (yes, four) and dozens of iPads. And look back at Chanel’s AW16 collection and you will notice some blink-and-you’ll-miss-it emojified Chanel iconography in the mix.The future of fashion? It’s all in the tech.READ MORE: A Chanel Bag Could Be A Better Investment Than A House READ MORE: Karl Lagerfeld's Best Quotes© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The edgiest spring / summer '17 campaign has just landed. Enter: Versus Versace’s latest ad. Starring Zayn and breakout model of the year Adwoa Aboah. Oh yeah, and it's photographed by Gigi Hadid on her iPhone and digi-cameras. Told you it was a goodun.The former 1D singer was clearly excited to be part of the process: ‘It was sick to work with Versus,’ Zayn said in a statement. ‘Donatella is a G. It was extra special that Gigi shot the campaign. Looking forward to following up with my Versus collection that drops in June.’Giving their best you-can’t-sit-with-us expressions in a series of intimate shots - while hanging out in a suite at the iconic LA hangout Chateau Marmont – Zayn and Adwoa look the epitome of cool in a series of black leather get-ups, metal mesh tanks and fine knit tops.The Pillowtalk singer first teased a collaboration with Gigi was in the works after he posted a (blurry) 6-second clip on his Instagram of his GF behind the lens, captioned simply ‘Stay tuned #VersusUncensored’. It reached 1 million views in less than seven hours.Of course, Gigi’s not the only supermodel-turned-photographer of late. Her BFF Kendall Jenner recently shot Sienna Miller for LOVE magazine and W magazine enlisted Bella Hadid to shoot a fashion editorial last summer.Models? Designers? Photographers? Singers? Digital influencers? One thing’s for certain, this pack have one impressive CV to fall back on.READ MORE: Watch Kendall Jenner Shooting Sienna Miller For LOVE Magazine READ MORE: Gigi And Zayn's Relationship Is Actually Kinda Normal© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While it may seem a little over zealous to start shopping for next winter’s wardrobe straight from the catwalk, consider this -  by wearing a chic repertoire of pieces no one had the foresight to snap up, you’ll be (smugly) ahead of the curve. So as you wonder why on earth you’re buying a coat as we step into spring, just remember; preparation is never lost time, especially when it comes to A/W17.If you are tempted to throw out your furry shoes from last season, don’t. And if you never bought a pair in the first place, it’s time to join the conversation.  The furry shoe is making a return but in new incarnations – like the furry Mary Janes seen at Simone Rochas. Simply team with slouchy socks.40’s, floral or velvet …whatever style you opt for inject a hint of insouciance by adding  a poloneck and knee high slouchy boots.Back for another season, velvet is poised to be a modern classic. Don’t play safe – it’s all about eye popping yellows, blues and bright reds.Florals will be everywhere next season, particularly on dresses. The type and colour of floral however is not so important. What is key is shape; high necks, midi lengths, big sleeves are worth looking out for. It's all about making a statement.Not as scary to wear as you think. If all else fails go for mustard or an accessory.From Lumberjack to Prince of Wales, the humble check has been given a fashionable upgrade.The ultimate luxury cover up – particularly if you go for Burberry ‘s AW17 offering which is, incredibly, available to buy right now. A near white knit will never be the most practical of buys but if every style purchase was pragmatic, surely we’d all be bored?Knee high boots, mannish jackets , coats, bags, dresses... this sultry hue is a winner on absolutely everything.The suit is back again except this time the jacket is oversized and double breasted, shirts are prudishly buttoned and come with pockets, and the trousers are long and wide Greta Garbo style. Team with a pointy pair of monk inspired  shoes.READ MORE: SS17 Denim Trends You Need To KnowREAD MORE: 12 Of The Best Long-Sleeved Dresses For Whatever The WeatherREAD MORE: The Beret Is Back© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you're on the hunt for happy-go-lucky accessories this spring, Sophia Webster is always a good idea.Baby pink boss lady pumps? Rainbow sandals? And don’t even get us started on her Frozen-inspired collection this autumn (yeah, yeah, we’re already planning our winter wardrobes). But when it comes to the Brit designer’s arm candy, Sophia’s signature ‘Claudie’ cross body bag is worth investing in...for the charming flamingo motif alone.And to celebrate International Women’s Day today, #GirlBosses around the globe have each personalised one of Sophia’s ‘speech bubble charms’ attached to the 'Claudie' bag, with an uplifting mantra or inspiring quote (FYI: Sophia's is ‘Dream Big’).Instagram aficionado Eva Chen, model Leith Clark and actress Ashley Madekwe are among the many women taking part in the inspring initiative, using the hashtag #SophiasTravellingBag.‘Each lady has been asked to take a picture of the bag in front of an iconic landmark or something that embodies the spirit of her city,’ Webster says. ‘She then attaches a personalised #charmofwisdom and souvenir from her city to the bag.’Want to be in with a chance of bagging a Sophia Webster original (with Eva Chen's scribbles)? You can simply donate £5 to Womankind Worldide - a local charity dedicated to ending female inequality. Upon completion of the bag’s journey on 31st March, winners will be then chosen at random to receive the bag (with all of the personalised charms and souvenirs too).Charitable fashion? Count us in.For further information on how to enter Sophia’s Travelling Bag prize draw click here.READ MORE: Emma Watson Is A Modern-Day Belle At 'Beauty And The Beast' PremiereREAD MORE: 33 Empowering Quotes That Will Make You Proud To Be A Woman © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With a handle like Badgalriri, one would hardly expect Rihanna to be a diligent student. However, she spent yesterday amongst the books of the prestigious Parisian Richelieu-Louvois Library. Rather than swatting up on the Dewey Decimal System, she presented her autumn winter 17 Puma X Fenty collection.Breaking with preppy codes of yore, RiRi rewrote the collegiate style handbook. For starters, she served her guests with ‘detention card’ invitations and a show that riffed on high school cliques. The likes of Future, Sita Abellan, Salma Hayek and Cara Delevingne watched collegiate sorority girls in ‘FS’ letterman jumpers, jocks in thigh-high boxing boots, Punks, Goths, Skaters and swots stomp over a catwalk of desks. A topless Slick Woods opened the show in a floor-length plaid down jacket – not dissimilar to Rihanna’s own from Vetements – to the sonic beats of Radiohead’s Creep. And, it ended with rapturous applause. Check out every single women’s wear look from the collection below.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...5 Smart Things To Say About Comme Des Garçons Bonkers AW17 ShowThe One Item All PFW Girls Rely On When It’s RainingRemember when Kanye Went Hard At Paris Fashion Week?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For the entirety of fashion month, all eyes are fixated on the four sartorial capitals of the world - New York, London, Milan and Paris.The fashion industry’s biggest names fly in to witness the season’s sartorial offerings, celebrities secure their spot on the FROW and the model pack prep to walk countless shows.But let's be frank, fashion month wouldn’t be the same without the street style set.Flying in from across the globe, the fash pack don their finest clobber in the hope of getting snapped by photographers.And every season, we dissect every single sartorial get-up in preparation to hit up the high street for trends approved by fashion’s ‘It’ girls.This season, we witnessed the greatest fashion spectacles of recent months. So we've put together a guide to the girls you need to namecheck this year.For daily #fashpo and sartorial lessons in tackling the latest trends, these are the names to keep on your Insta radar:Job Title: Fashion Editor at Costume MagazineAesthetic: Spectacularly Scandi. Think supersized shirts, Vetements tracksuits and pastel hued faux furs aplenty.Follow If: You’re obsessed with the Danish fash pack. FYI - it’s not all minimalism and clean-cut silhouettes anymore.Instagram Handle: @jeanettemadesonJob Title: Designer and Founder of 'The Attico'Aesthetic: Quintessentially Italian. Expect bathrobe-esque cloaks, velvet slip dresses layered over hoodies and the odd Prada two-piece lined with feathers. Often spotted with the equally stylish Giorgia Tordini.Follow If: You're wishing to access all areas. Gilda is at every show documenting the best trends hot off the runway. Oh, and make sure to follow The Attico, asap.Instagram Handle: @gildaambrosioJob Title: ModelAesthetic: Frederikke is never spotted without a pair of oversized ‘70s frames and namechecks Acne, Monki and Ganni as her go-to brands. Our kinda girl.Follow If: You’re keeping an eye out for up-and-coming models whose style gains as much recognition off the catwalk as it does on the runway.Instagram Handle: @frederikkesofieJob Title: BloggerAesthetic: Fan of a strong Breton tee and always carrying a basket bag on the crook of her arm.Follow If: You're just as obsessed with slogan tees and blue jeans as we are.Instagram Handle: @adenorahJob Title: Fashion Director at InStyle GermanyAesthetic: Undoubtedly a street style photographer's dream. Expect justaposing prints, primary hues and impeccable shoe game.Follow If: You're looking for some major sartorial inspo. This girl has GOT IT.Instagram Handle: @jan.quammieJob Title: Blogger and PhotographerAesthetic: If ever you're looking for the next cult tee, your search is over. Expect backless blouses, shirts with supersized sleeves and the odd all-pink get-up.Follow If: You're in dire need of some daily outfit inspo. Look no further for jean-and-tee combos that nail the whole 'effortless chic' we all so desperately seek to imitate.Instagram Handle: @wethepeoplestyleJob Title: StylistAesthetic:  Expect remarkable accesories (we're talking red berets), clashing prints and fishnets. Diletta posesses an enviable ability to wear anything and look like she's stepped out of a magazine editorial.Follow If: You're obsessed with carefully curated Instagram pages. Diletta's is by far one of our favourites.Instagram Handle: @dilettabonaiutiSo what are you waiting for?READ MORE: 13 New Models To Name-Drop In 2017READ MORE: 9 Rising Fashion Bloggers You Need To Follow Asap© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by TuIf your jeans don't look they've just been dragged through a hedge backwards, then artfully distressed with a pair of scissors and a cheese grater, then you've no business wearing them. Because distressed denim is back, it's full of holes, and it's coming to a leg near you (if it isn't already on your legs).Why? Please, allow us to count the reasons. Beginning with the obvious:When you've worn and loved jeans for a decade, they start getting worn around the knees, and it becomes time to say goodbye. No longer. Now, if anything, they're even more relevant than when you first bought them. Take advantage of the wearing in the knees by ripping them, using a cheese grater to fray those edges, and enjoy how fashionable you are while not even trying.Obviously if you don't have well-worn jeans, or you don't trust yourself with sharp implements, then go and buy a pair. Tu have some excellent distressed pieces in their latest denim collection that won't make you cry when you check your bank balance.You'd imagine that all those holes would cause some serious chill, but Gigi Hadid recently showed us that the distressed denim look is as much for winter as it is summer. Just wear with chunky trainers and a big winter coat to combat the small hole near your knee. Or, even better, make like Kendall Jenner and wear fishnets under the jeans, for double the fashion points. If you're really cold, stick a pair of coloured tights on!Anyone who can work coloured tights or fishnets into a casual daywear look deserves an Oscar, regardless of the fact that the Oscars traditionally celebrates achievements in film.Ripped clothing tends to be a fairly casual look. But while it's almost impossible to look like Rosie Huntington-Whiteley unless you were borne from the gods and made of shining light, you can certainly take a leaf out of her distressed denim look; she tends to team hers with pale court shoes and paler silk bomber jackets. Which actually looks pretty adorable.Or, maybe you're the type that will always choose leather over pearls. In that case, team your distressed denim with trainers and a black velvet bralet. Suddenly, you're the queen of 'dressed down.'When you think of jeans, you often think of skinnies - but boyfriend jeans were made to be distressed. And are a lot easier, and flattering, to wear. Jessie J is the purveyor of the ripped boyfriend jean (a fashion singular for you there), and often pairs them with bright coloured heels, a simple white tee and a long coat. Maybe try that if you're concerned that holes in skinny jeans may equal a sort of sausage effect on your legs. It's certainly something that happened to us, (me, it happened to me, Stevie, who is writing this.)Big, slouchy distressed boyfriend denim jackets were all over the Spring '17 runway - yep, boyfriend denim jackets are a thing. Apparently, you just take something that's for a woman, and if it's really big, you imply it's her boyfriend's. Easy. Anyway, if you're not into the idea of ripped jeans, but still want to get into the ripped trend, then simply buy into the denim jacket trend. You can double denim it up with your non-ripped jeans (double distressed denim is potentially a shade too far), or use it to toughen up a fancy schmancy dress. Denim skirts have also been making appearances at Fashion Weeks since last Fall, which is, again, an easier way to slide into the trend if you're not into distressed jeans.For anyone interested, the Britney-style denim trilby is not back. Apologies. Please don't start wearing this.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:All The Things We Want From Jeanne Damas' Fashion Line RougeGucci Just Proved That Bad Taste Is Back And Better Than Ever Milan Street Style More Down To Earth Than You'd ExpectThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Normally with training tights, there’s one thing you dislike. From the length to the forever-falling down waist band, most pairs fall flat with that one thing that brings them dramatically down. And when training not only do you need a tight that's going to support you whatever your sport, you also need to feel great in them - there's no shame in admitting you want to look good in the gym. So, with that in mind, we asked 25-year-old YouTuber and fitness fanatic, Tasha Green, to put to test the new Nike FKA Twigs Zonal Strengh Tights. Let's see what all the hype is about shall we?'Like a dream, it’s hard to explain but they kind of feel like super snug, soft socks hugging my leg. I’d highly recommend them for a relaxed yoga class, you might want to stroke your legs all the way through though.''Let's talk about the compression pads - when you run or work your lower body and your legs can often feel like they’re moving around a bit too much, but the zonal strengh technology provides support in the areas your legs might need it most, like your quads. This means you can train for longer, which is always a bonus, right? The real show-stopper here is the v-shaped waist band, though. Not only do the flat seams mean you get no annoying bumps under your lycra, the smooth to texture fabric makes for the most flattering fit.''Let’s put it this way – normally in training tights when you’re working out hard, your bum has the tendancy to fall out. These not only feel fantastic, and are extremely flattering, they stay up whether you’re squatting, deadlifting or doing a HIIT class. If you're going to wear them from Monday-Thursday (who washes gym kit after one wear?) you'll be getting your moneys worth. Cost per wear people, cost per wear.'Like this? You might also be interested in…Getting To Third Base With A Complex Tiered DressGetting To Third Base With Bike Chain Belts The Instant Happiness Project - Why Trainers Make Us Happy Follow Tasha on Instagram @tashaggreen This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ll level with you, the latest Comme Des Garçons Paris Fashion Week show was bonkers. It was downright ludicrous. We're not convinced you’d be able to sit down in a chair in most of the outfits - can we even call them that? Let alone scratch your nose as most were missing arm holes. But, hey, high-fashion is cray. It operates on another level, and maybe it’s just not for you or me to understand at first glance. That said, we don’t want to come across as a total neanderthal, so next time you find yourself chatting fashuun, here are some smart things for you to say about Comme's complex collection...Women have curves, that’s a fact. They help make our clothes drape nicely, and our hips swing pleasingly. Rather than celebrate fashion’s fascination with beanpoles, Rei Kawakubo fully embraced bulbous, curvaceous silhouettes.So, we’ve established sleeves are redundant, and clothes are cushioned and voluptuous. But that shouldn’t stop you moving as Comme used this moment to reveal their new Nike fly knit collab. What a kicker.Fact: the world is falling apart at the seams. With President Trump’s finger poised on The Button, wouldn’t you want to be wearing a padded, hard-shelled and protective suit as well?When we think of high fashion, we usually think of elegant, luxurious hand-tooled creations, not bulbous restrictive cocoons. Oh, my, were we wrong. The label’s designer Rei Kawakubo essentially laughed in the face of our assumption. Here she’s drawing a physical line between art and fashion and stomping on the idea that the point of fashion week is to show clothes that are functional and sellable.Lolling in the face of fabric, Rei cut the collection out of stiff, sculptural materials like wadding, tin, foil, industrial felt, brown paper and reconstituted insulation felt.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...10 New Jeans That Will Make Your Butt Look AmazingAll The Things We Want From Jeanne Damas' Fashion Line10 Shades of Red Lipsticks Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Butterfly clips and mood rings have yet to be make a fashion comeback, but one retro accessory is set for a huge revival this summer ’17: tinted sunglasses. Just a quick google would find that our favourite twins (the Olsens, obvs) and Britney Spears would rarely be seen without a pair of colourful frames in the ‘00s – and you’ll be seeing them adorned on a fashion influencer near you soon.Of course, Selena Gomez and the Hadid sisters, always ahead of the fashion curve it seems, have been rocking coloured lenses for months now (kudos to Bella, recently, for matching her rose-tinted sunglasses with an all-red jumpsuit during Paris Fashion Week).But we spotted the micro trend making the rounds again in a big way this Fashion Week - with mellow yellow sunglasses coming out on top.Thanks to Chloé, Gucci, Marni and co, the feel-good hue is getting its share of social media time. But if you're not quite ready to splash the cash on a full-on sunshine suit, zesty specs are the best way to go.The good news? There's a style to suit everyone – from Kendall Jenner’s futuristic frames modelled at Versus' AW17 show to ‘70s aviators (a firm favourite among the street style pack this season). And we're a little bit in love with Adwoa Aboah's homage to Ali G (yes, really) off the catwalk, in a pair of oversized square Gucci frames.The key to pulling off the look? Keep your makeup simple á la Adwoa Aboah and pair simply with jeans and a slogan tee for an edgy day-time ensemble.For a playful pop of colour, shop our edit below of the best tinted sunglasses from Topshop, Asos, Mango and more…Crimson lens sunglasses, £170, Taylor Morris Coloured Lens Sunglasses - Grazia 2of10Crimson lens sunglasses, £170, Taylor Morris Tortoiseshell round robbinson sunglasses, £150, KALEOS Aviator sunglasses, £15.99, Mango Vito square-frame gold-tone and acetate sunglasses, £295, Sunday SomewhereRose gold tinted mirrored lenses, £9.99 La ModaMetal oval sunglasses, £14, TopshopYellow coloured lens aviators, £12, ASOS Round sunglasses with yellow coloured lens, £12, ASOSHeart sunglasses, £295, Tom DaviesPink coloured lens aviators, £395, Tom DaviesREAD MORE: Why Yellow Is The Hue Of The Season READ MORE: Everything You Need To Know About Model Of The Moment Adwoa Aboah © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This season, earrings have just exploded, not just in popularity but in size too. Forget slogan t-shirts, it’s these jewels that make the biggest statement.  Weighing heavy and dangling low, they will test your lobe strength and fashion prowess. The wonder of these oversized trinkets (scratch that, ornaments) is that they can be the making or breaking of an outfit. Dress up a white tee and witness their star appeal or go hard with sharp tailoring and asymmetric baubles. Scroll on to see the best bigger-the-better earrings out there...Like this? Then you might also be interested in...10 New Jeans That Will Make Your Butt Look AmazingAll The Things We Want From Jeanne Damas' Fashion Line10 Shades of Red Lipsticks Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Contentious as it is, Juicy Couture is back. After it’s collaboration with Vetements, the LA label has been riding on a high. But, it wasn’t that long ago when memories of how celebrities from J.Lo to Lindsay Lohan’s mum wore their velour ten years ago were tinged with cringes. But, the truth is, the diversity of its newly engaged fans – from Kylie Jenner to the Vogue US team – is a reminder of just how versatile this actually look is.In the early 2000s, anyone and everyone (even those that shirk from the truth now) wore it. But, now even OG fans are treading more cautiously. Though there’s no need as it’s not just Juicy, track is back more generally. Athleisure is one of the few trends nearly every designer at the moment is touching on. So, I want to prove you can and should reinvent the Juicy wheel for 2017. And, here's how...Zara, Oversized Jumper, £30; Juicy Couture Jogger, £150, ASOS; ** Boohoo, Melissa Pearl And Faux Fur Slider, £12I amped up the low-fi vibes of the track pants with a supple oversized sweater. A pair of fluffy slides added glamour to an otherwise under-the-radar outfit.Juicy Couture Colourblock Track Jacket, £151, ASOS; Zara, Frayed Denim Skirt, £26; Zara, Feather Slides, £30Everyone in my class at school had a denim mini skirt at one point in the early Noughties. So, let this forgotten essential see the light of day once again. And, just like old times, let its old pal, a Juicy zip-up, accompany it. I added a net top to bring this look into the Twenty-First Century.Zara, Camisole Dress, £30; Juicy Couture Jogger, £150, ASOS; Boohoo, Melissa Pearl And Faux Fur Slider, £12Date night dressing makes me want to shudder. And, velour and silk sound a little too luxe to handle. But, not when it includes Juicy. Think of the track brand as a solvent for anything that edges on try-hard. So, slip on that spaghetti strap dress you brought last summer next time your swipe right turns out to be alright.Boohoo, Niamh Velvet Padded Jacket, £45; Marques’Almeida, Stonewash Denim Zip-Up High-Collar Top, £195; Juicy Couture Jogger, £150, ASOS; Adidas Originals, Stan Smiths, £75, ASOSLength is key when it comes to layering. Too short and it doesn’t count, too long and it can be swamping. So, if you’re going to refrain from tucking in, pick a shirt with an interesting hem e.g. this Marques’Almeida number.ASOS, Metal Square Aviator Sunglasses In Black With Yellow Coloured Lens, £12; Juicy Couture Colourblock Track Jacket, £151, ASOS; Juicy Couture Jogger, £150, ASOS; Zara, Feather Slides, £30The saying goes, ‘If ain’t broke, don’t fix it’. And, I’m keen to agree. I purposefully didn’t pick a trad tracksuit, because the side stripes, which FYI unzip to reveal a hot pink flare, stop this looking tragically 2000-and-late. One tip, make sure your accessories are on point for this season as it will alleviate the weight of nostalgia dangling from the hems of this outfit.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:I Tried On The Very Best Of Boohoo And It Was Better Than I ExpectedWe Tried On The Most Amazing Pieces At Whistles How NYFW Street Style Girls Survived The SnowFollow Taiba on Instagram @taibataibaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Classic, relaxed and feminine with a contemporary twist... If this defines your style, hush's stunning new collection for S/S'17 is for you.Build your capsule spring wardrobe around stylishly cut essentials in a palette of sophisticated monochrome punctuated with stripes and pops of colour. Check out the fresh takes on staples, standout pieces such as super-flattering jumpsuits and wrap dresses, and the new range of footwear and accessories - all with hush's distinctive edge.To showcase its new collection, hush is hosting a 10-day pop-up shop in London, 16th to 26th March. As well as the chance to shop, there'll be interactive workshops and trend talks from style experts, including Grazia's fashion news eeditor Charlie Gowans-Eglinton, who will be revealing her key picks from hush's spring '17 range.At the Grazia event, guests can shop the collection with 15 percent off and take home a goodie bag. Other dates for your diary include style workshops with the experts from fashion blogs Coco's Tea Party, Blame It On Fashion, The Edited and Polienne, as well as monogramming events and a denim customisation workshop. Don't miss out!What: Grazia x hush eventWhen: Thursday 16th March, 7-8.30pmWhere: Protein Gallery, 31 New Inn Yard, London EC2A 3EYHow: RSVP to graziaevent@hush-uk.comHurry! Tickets are strictly limited and on a first-come, first-served basis.www.hush-uk.com© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by TuEveryone owns at least one piece of denim in their wardrobe. It’s a steadfast staple of the fashion industry and can be metamorphosed across every season, style and trend. But denim is about more than just jeans, and for SS17, it’s taken some unexpected turns. We’re talking re-imagined hemlines, double denim and dungaree alternatives.So we’ve teamed up with Tu to compile the most jeanious, (see what we did there?), denim trends for SS17.Check out Tu’s capsule collection of true blues in the video below.The Step Hem Is InTo own this season’s biggest denim trend, look no further than the step hem. The new, unusual style came from French designers- Vetements, (who else?) The trend works best with this season’s favourite- the straight leg.Mixing And Maxing Is The WayDouble denim? Yes please. We’re always up for a retro throwback. In that vein, Tu’s scalloped trim chambray shift is a more grown-up alternative to the dungaree dress – just add ankle boots and a denim jacket and you’re good to go.Raw Edges Have Made A ComebackPut your skinnies in storage, because frayed hems are here to stay and are your answer to the ultimate 'cool girl' look. Be ahead of the curve for one of this year’s biggest styles by picking up the trend in mini skirt form. Then, team the look with a flawless silky bomber.Shop the SS17 collection at Tu here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Polo Ralph LaurenBeing preppy isn’t just about secret societies and tweed blazers. The style emerged from a long history of Americana fashion, but it means so much more than what you put on your back. In essence, it originated from tradition and social achievement. In modern day terms? That translates to classic style and dazzling success.!To celebrate the SS17 Polo Ralph Lauren women’s collection, which has made a brilliant return to the preppy style the iconic brand is known for, we at Grazia have taken a look back at the origins of prep, all the way from the turn of the 20th century to the present day.Plus, see our gallery of the new SS17 collection below!1900s-1950Of course during these decades, the word ‘preppy’ came from the preparatory schools that wealthy kids would attend before college. This was the era of oxford shirts, cable knit sweaters and loafers. The 1930s also saw the introduction of denim into the wardrobes of young college women. Not only that, but eyebrows were raised all over America as young women began to embrace trousers and loose shirts. My oh my!Polo Ralph Lauren has given a nod to heritage in their latest collection, with the installation of a flawless cable-knit sweater. Pair the look with leather trousers for a modern edge.1950-1980sPretty soon, preppy style got a sporty injection. From 1950, preppy attire was intrinsically tied with sailing, fencing, lacrosse and rugby. Americana fashion saw an onset of equestrian clothing, stripes and nautical themes, (mainly in rich blues and reds.) Prep expanded way beyond Ivy League Halls and became more accessible, yet still exclusive. The 1980s was also the time that the Official Preppy Handbook was released. The tongue-in-cheek guide was meant to mock preppy culture, but instead, it inspired thousands to adopt the style. Preppy started to become less of a behaviour, and more of a trend.Notice the nautical nuance in Polo Ralph Lauren’s Spring collection? There’s nothing like a monogramed navy blazer teamed with denim to say- distinguished ‘cool-girl.’1980s- NowPrep has now taken on a life of its own with major brands adapting the style and teaming traditional pieces with more modern items, (loafers with leather anyone?) Case and point, we’ve seen a re-emergence of white shirt dresses, nautical stripes and khaki in SS17. So, prep is here to stay and can always be modified to suit new season trends. It’s just a question of- in what form?A crisp white oxford shirt will honestly never fail you, be it in your workwear rotation or weekend ensemble. Pair Polo Ralph Lauren’s classic oxford with SS17’s ultimate trend- unexpected hemlines (tassels, frays and flares.)Check out some of Polo Ralph Lauren's SS17 collection in the gallery below!Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Native 4- Ralph Lauren- Gallery 2of7Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Polo Ralph Lauren SS17Find out more about Polo Ralph Lauren's SS17 collection here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There are two things that are a mainstay of this fashion month’s street style: puffer jackets and Gucci accessories. We won’t pass judgement as there’s something architectural and alluring about those ample down coats, and, well, Gucci is Gucci. But, Paris Fashion Week, which started last Tuesday, has reminded us that there is more to outerwear than quilted toppers. Namely, the trench. Humble in origin, but high in impact, the trench is fast becoming PFW showgoer’s most trusted rainy-day companion. It swishes nicely for the lurking photographers, is subtle enough to stop them looking try-hard and it’s actually deftly practical. While they've all styled their coats differently, they've all got one aspect in common: the coat is nothing special. It looks like the type of trench you'd pick up in the men's section of Marks & Sparks. It's humdrum homeliness is the very thing that means it can be styled to the nines. Want to know how? Scroll on.Demote leopard print to the second most important part of your outfit with a sympathetic hued trench, like Sabrina Meijer has. Those snakeskin Vetements leopard print boots also help.Natasha Goldenberg just signed, sealed and delivered the perfect outfit for this season. It ticks all the right boxes: tailored dropped hem trousers, a luxe hoodie with bowed acid-washed ties and a crumpled trench coat. We applaud you, Natasha.It’s not just the bright, white, refreshing colour of this trench and ribbed jumper, but the unexpected flash of tartan. This Paris Fashion Week attendee kept things simple and discrete down below with raw-hem jeans and black boots.You’ll never say neutrals are lacklustre after looking at the pro-layering skills of this guest at the Maison Margiela show. The mannish silhouette and hint of a cross body bag hiding beneath her Acne snakeskin coat hit the right androgynous high notes.What’s better than balancing out the neutrality of tan with a zing of Fanta orange? One thing, and one thing alone: a friend wearing a contrasting primary-coloured trench. These two ladies heading to the Dries Van Noten show on Wednesday mush have pre-planned their outfits, otherwise how else could the clash of their colours work so harmoniously together?We call this look ‘check mate’ because it corners all the best trends in one outfit. There’s the D-buckle, crossover skirt, the dangerously high slit, the mash-up of tartan, the slouchy knee high boots and, of course, the dad-size trench coat.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:7 times Yeezy’s Season 5 Proved Kanye Is A New Man9 Things Under £9 You Need In Your Life For London Fashion Week12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by ArielIf you’re anything like Team Grazia, then you’re already thinking hard about your investment purchases for SS17. You may have already sprinkled out a few quid on some flowy pieces as the weather warms up. However, you’ve been keenly watching trends as you contemplate your big buys for this season. What will go with what? What will you get the most use out of? What do you love the most? That powder pink blazer? Those flared pyjama pants? That blouse with the to-die-for statement sleeves?!Whatever pieces you choose to splurge on, there’s nothing worse than having one of your favourite new items ruined by an unfortunate event such as a coffee spill, a makeup smear or a sweat stain. So we’ve put together three amazing hacks, featuring Ariel that will protect your much loved pieces.Watch our cute-as-hell video below for a play-by-play of polish perfection!Ariel’s advice for makeup smears and sweat stains is to pre-treat the product with Ariel liquid and it’s pre-treat cap.The fins of the cap really spread the liquid on the stain, and rub the cleaning agents deeper, yet gently into the fibres. Then, wash with Ariel 3in1Pods as normal at the hottest temperature indicated on the care label to Clean your clothes Like New. For more questions on tough stain removal click here.Coffee SpillsA big brown blob on your favourite top is heart-breaking, but often inevitable if you run a busy schedule. If you’ve previously thrown what you thought was ruined in the trash, think again for your new and beloved SS17 item. We've tried out a few methods and we found out that all it takes is to soak the garment for 15 minutes in warm water, a tablespoon of white wine vinegar and a tablespoon of washing powder. Then just rinse it in cold water and wash as normal with an Ariel 3in1 pod.Makeup SmearsIt seems like lipstick and other unshakable makeup products would be impossible to remove from clothing. But, it can be done. We tried a handy can of hairspray to lift the product off the material, and it actually worked. Then, we just washed it as normal!Sweat StainsYes, unfortunately, ladies do indeed sweat. So, before washing as normal, we recommend adding lemon juice to water and dabbing with a cloth to banish those god-awful sweat stains.Plus, enter the competition for your chance to win £3,000 worth of shopping vouchers to go towards your new spring wardrobe!Just click here and vote for your favorite look!Find the Terms and Conditions here.ALSO! 10 lucky readers will win a year’s supply of Ariel 3in1 pods to keep their clothes clean like new! Just enter the competition below for your chance to win!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It would be pretty rare to meet a person who hasn’t heard of the body positivity movement in 2017. (Whether or not they agree with it is another thing.) It started as an underground message by activists trying to not only normalise the plus size body but show it’s beautiful. The message has spread so far that fashion brands and gossip columns use the phrase for every other celebrity Instagram post.Things become controversial when companies co-opt this term. While brands lifting up women to sell clothing - rather than put them down - will arguably, only help the women being sought out by this advertising, it’s worrying when the message becomes diluted. Not only that, but the message is taken away from its radical roots and packaged in a much more marketable manner. We shouldn't forget that it's still a way that empowers only a certain kind of body shape and size, which isn’t that vastly different to already existing beauty standards.That said, there had been an undeniable shift in how the media (and our own) view of the female form. Speaking positively of women, their stretch marks and cellulite is a common practice by brands, influencers and media outlets alike. Instead of belittling the things that were once seen as negatives, they celebrate them instead. Would this have happened if the movement had remained an underground, subversive one? It’s unlikely.While it’s only fair to be cynical of brands trying to use body positivity to sell us their products, the message they’re using is still one of self-love and appreciation. Plus they help the movement reach a far wider audience. And if more people learn to love themselves because of it, how can that be a negative?Activist and writer Marie Southard Ospina has strong views on the negative connotations of commercialising body positivity. ‘I think activism and commerce rarely mix. It's kind of hard to preserve the authenticity and radicalness of something like fat acceptance activism when you're still concerned with imagery, profit, and catering to the masses.’ She continues, ‘This is largely why I try to think of fat positivity and body positivity as different entities these days. Both have value, yes, but in different ways.’‘Body positivity is more neatly packageable in my opinion. It's about all bodies being good bodies, which is sort of a user-friendly enough concept to grasp. And it's definitely one that some brands can repackage for their own purposes, even if the message is diluted at times.’Southard-Ospina explains, ‘However, I still think that body positivity can help a tonne of people out, particularly when you consider that most women are subject to sexism and that this sexism makes the majority of people feel shitty about their bodies.‘But fat positivity... That's still more radical. That's still fighting for the most marginalised folks. It's less about fashion, I think, and more about deconstructing socio-political stigma.’By separating the two causes, Southard-Ospina is onto something. While diluting the message of body positivity is still a problem, the point is still being made: all bodies are good bodies. The aim can still be to reduce discrimination against bigger bodies, while also making every individual feel good about themselves. After all, nobody deserves the scrutiny that fashion and beauty campaigns have evoked in the past to sell products.Instead of inspiring insecurity, now brands seek to uplift. While it’s doubtful their intentions are solely because of body positivity, the resulting actions inspire self-love in many. What matters on the activism side of it all is whether or not a diluted message is better than none at all,I think it’s important to remember that no progress has ever been made all at once - there’s no way to flip a switch and have the world understand body positivity or fat activism in its entirety. For as long as capitalism is a part of our existence, we’re always going to be subjected to advertising, and I for one would rather them be ones of positivity and empowerment.We need to remember that the origins of the movement should be respected. Without fat positivity, there would be no body positivity. Without fat people, there would be no body positivity. With this in mind, don’t settle for a comfortable, commercialised brand of self-love, instead push for more representation, more diversity and more positivity for all bodies.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Ashish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For ThoughtA Statistical Study Of London Fashion Week BehaviourThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATFollow Georgina on Instagram @princessgeorginaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For Balmain’s Autumn Winter 17 collection, Olivier Rousteing showed elaborate, body-conscious dresses and intricate outerwear. It was maximalist and highlighted the houses’ finesse at pattern cutting. Rousteing says he was inspired by the ‘awe-inspiring landscapes – the Serengeti, the Far West, Amazonia’ and his sonic youth with Nirvana’s rebellious spirit liberating his ideas of gender. But, what this actually amounted to was a walking cornucopia of spliced and sheared animal skins.Fashion week has a habit of bringing out the worst in people. From the peacocking for attention to the gratuitous display of wealth and privilege, it’s not always as enlightened and laden with insight as I would like. As much as I adore the depth of detail and artisanal tailoring, I can’t help but feel Balmain was a little off-base with its choice of fabrics.In moody shades of black, brown and gold, the collection was a global voyage of the animals that roam the world. There was cow, tiger and zebra print, springbok coats, alligator dresses, lizard skin leggings, shearling coats and crocodile dresses.I tried to count the number of looks that included exotic skins (roughly, 39 out of 81) and the number of animal products used in the collection (around, 30).  But, as I'm no expert in zoology and don’t lead a plant-based lifestyle, I asked PETA's Director of International Programmes’ Mimi Bekhechi her thoughts.She said, 'Olivier Rousteing appears to have sold his soul and set out to court controversy by flaunting a show dripping with cruelty to animals. Unless he lives in a cave, he can't have missed recent PETA exposés that show how vile the process is of procuring animal skins for those thigh-high snakeskin boots and crocodile-skin belts – or perhaps he just doesn't care. Pretending that reptile skins are exotic also fuels poaching, and wildlife experts warn that designers like Rousteing are putting the skins of tomorrow's endangered species on their catwalks. He could learn a thing or two from Stella McCartney – who showcases modern luxury and timeless style with cruelty-free designs.'Even though the defiant character of Kurt Cobain was barely perceptible in the clothes, it’s arguable that Rousteing’s anarchistic spirit sang loud in his contentious use of skins and fur.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...Animal Attraction: Is Cow Print the New Leopard?Why It Took Nike Six Years To Design Their Wavy New Air MaxIs This The Most Exciting Beauty Launch of 2017?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fitness should be inclusive. But then, anyone with curves will understand that finding comfortable gym gear is enough pain to skip working out all together. A stylish, well-fitting sports bra if you’re an E cup? Pffft. Leggings if you’re size 16 or over? Don’t even get us started.But sportswear giant, Nike, have sent a message that brands need to start catering to all women – as they launch their first ever plus-size range for women. As part of the campaign influencers - including Danielle Vanier, Grace Victory and Naomi Shimada - were cast to model the collection.The new active wear line, with sizes going from XL up to XXL, features super-cool workout gear - from high-tech hoodies and luxe running leggings to athleisure. In a statement, Nike said the product range ‘will continue to expand to ensure there is a perfect fit for every athlete.’Adding: ‘In today's world, sport is no longer something that she does, it's who she is. The days where we have to add 'female' before 'athlete' are over. She is an athlete, period. And having helped fuel this cultural shift, we celebrate these athletes' diversity, from ethnicity to body shape.’Shop Grazia’s edit of the five best pieces from Nike’s plus-size collection…White t-shirt, £30, Nike Nike Plus-Size2of5White t-shirt, £30, Nike Power epic running tights, £70, NikeTraining top, £35, NikeEpic 'lux' training tights, £75, NikeHigh support 'pro rival' sports bra, £45, NikeREAD MORE: This Girl Can: Exercise Campaign Returns To Encourage Female Sport ParticipationREAD MORE: Instagram's Censorship Under Fire Again After Fitness Blogger's Cellulite Picture Deleted© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The casting agents who were accused of treating models ‘inhumanely’ at a Balenciaga casting have spoken out about ‘innacurate and libellous’ claims since being fired.Last week it emerged that at an exclusive Fashion Week casting for Balenciaga, 150 young models were made to stand in a dark stairwell for over 3 hours while the casting agents, Maida Gregori Boina and Rami Fernandes, went out for lunch.The experience, which left the models ‘traumatised’, was called out by casting director James Scully on his Instagram.Scully, who is the casting director for designers such as Stella McCartney and Jason Wu and is an advocate for the fair treatment of models, spoke at the BOF VOICES talk last year warning that if he was made aware of any cruel treatment of models in the future he would name and shame the perpetrators. And indeed, in light of the ‘traumatising’ Balenciaga casting, he took to Instagram to explicitly label Boina and Fernandes’ attitudes toward the models as ‘sadistic and cruel’, and branded them ‘serial abusers’.High-profile models including Jourdan Dunn, Edie Campbell and Leomie Anderson, as well as countless professionals in the fashion industry, showed their support and appreciation of Scully decision to expose the disturbing events.Boina, who along with Fernades has since been fired by Balenciaga, has released a statement to Business of Fashion, stating ‘it’s important to stop the spread of rumours and set the record straight.’She argued that Scully's depiction of the events was untrue.'Because the reception area was unavailable, the staircase entrance into the mezzanine was provided to us to line up the models,’  Boina says. ‘Unfortunately, the building’s electricity went out for a period of time late Sunday evening, and the maintenance staff was unable to resolve the issue.‘To directly address these accusations, the models did not wait for three hours in the dark, not even one hour,’ she continued. ‘We personally ate our lunch in the casting facility and – without question – we did not lock the models in the stairwell and turn out the lights. That would be completely inhumane.’Boina then stated she and Fernandes were ‘saddened to be released from the casting without a discussion of what actually happened.'‘We are also very concerned that James, as a casting director himself, has intentionally misrepresented the facts for personal career gain without substantiating the story.‘While it is extremely important to raise awareness, it is also necessary to research the source and details of any story to ensure we elevate our cause and make progress.’READ MORE: British Supermodels React To Fashion Week Casting Scandal© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Think back to when you first started experimenting with fashion…before you’d settled into your daily uniform, did you ever try something that didn’t quite work? Were you too eager to test the latest trends? Were you too keen to be seen in the latest It item? While many of us can privately cringe into our misjudged clothes, Kanye can’t.Long before his Adidas line was even a plausible concept, Yeezy was a fashion provocateur. He’d rap about luxe labels, like Gucci and Louis Vuitton, shout out to designers, like Heidi Slimane, and namedrop his favourite outfit. Want proof? Re-listen to Estelle’s American Boy when he says he’s, ‘Dressed smart like a London bloke, before he speak his suit bespoke, And you thought he was cute before, Look at this pea coat’.He was the ultimate fashion fanboy. He’d try trends nobody else would be brave enough to go near (cough, shutter shades) and wear his favourite brands head-to-toe. So, when Kanye went to Paris Fashion Week in March 2009, for one of his first times, he went big.He turned up with a five-person strong entourage, wearing coloured tailoring with a pocket square, driving gloves and a Goyard briefcase, which everyone is still gagging to know: what was in it?His girlfriend at the time, Amber Rose, came along, as did his friend, the Off-White designer Virgil Abloh. He met LVMH’s Chairman and CEO, Pietro Beccari and Yves Carcelle, hung with Mischa Barton while wearing a white tux and a black shirt, and got a selfie with Karl Lagerfeld.Though the man now prefers neutrals, that wasn’t the case back then. He was all about clashing lurid colours, and even, dare he admit it now, bold prints. While we might guffaw at how much he’s changed, he also revolutionised the way fashion week was photographed. Suddenly, in the wake of his ’09 entrance, photographers were turning their cameras away from the catwalks and pointing them at the stylish stars of the street. So, while he may want to forget this fashion blip, it's become a standard bearer of how street style is photographed. Sorry, Kanye.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...10 New Jeans That Will Make Your Butt Look AmazingAll The Things We Want From Jeanne Damas' Fashion Line10 Shades of Red Lipsticks Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ethical fashion.What first pops into your mind? Tie-dye tees and beige hemp bags? We (were) with you. Yes, we’ve always had Stella McCartney to hammer home the ‘eco fashion warrior’ tagline, but really, it’s only been in the last year or so labels are now Going Green (with high-street bigwigs Mango, Zara and H&M et al all jumping on board).But the stylish A-lister who knows better than anyone it’s cool to be kind? Emma Watson, naturally. The actress and activist has even launched a new Instagram account @the_press_tour, dedicated to shining the spotlight on the ethical brands she’s wearing on the red carpet whilst promoting The Beauty and the Beast. Of course, you’ve got your Louis Vuitton, Oscar de la Renta and Emilia Wickstead in there. But, also in the mix, there's also a whole host of lesser-known eco-friendly labels to get excited about. Thank you Miss Watson…A sustainable Scandi brand that specialises in chic basics, from sister-duo Arina and Anya Woron. We're a little bit in love with the black ‘Sleek Bodysuit’ Emma Watson wore in Paris. ‘Our collections are all about perfectly fitted, feminine and clean essentials,’ the Woron sisters say ‘[And include] soft-bras, panties and bodysuits,  full of sexy, confident and accessible designs.’woronstore.comThe vegan shoe brand to buy into. Emma Watson wrote on Instagram the brand ‘doesn't use any animal products in its collections, which are made in Porto, Portugal, helping preserve the traditional shoe making industry of the region.’ The actress has invested in quite the collection from GGDWL - including their unisex black Norider boots (£160.00) and Samo white trainers she paired with a floor-length evening dress.goodguys.bigcartel.comIndependent Spanish designer Carmen March’s ultra-glam, 80s-style offerings got the Emma Watson seal of approval in London recently – donning CM’s white cotton bustier and black tuxedo trousers (she often works with natural fabrics like linin, silk and cotton). High drama gear that wouldn’t look out of place at the Met Gala this year.carmenmarch.comFor those with a penchant for unique, well-crafted jewellery that’s not too Out There, PICHULIK is just what you need. Beautiful earrings, handcrafted in Cape Town. On her Beauty and the Beast press tour, Emma showcased a pair of beaded point earrings with a gold plaited shell hoop for just £36. The simple outfit add-on to elevate any outfit.pichulik.comAdmittedly die-hard Scandi fans will be well acquainted with this label, with a focus on simple cuts and minimal colour palettes (basically anyone seeking a capsule wardrobe will find plenty of treasures here). Think primrose coloured shirts and dreamy slim-cut denim. ‘Do good’ fashion that looks so good? Count us in.filippa-k.comThe bucket bag you’ve probably noticed making the rounds in a big way this Fashion Month, and the US designer is also an advocate of producing his collections sustainably. Watson’s stylist Rebecca Corbin Murry revealed on her Instagram that he ‘produces the entire women’s collection in the USA in collaboration with organic mills to reduce their impact and conserve water.’ Alongside working with independently run family mills and artisans in France and Japan.simonmillerusa.com/storesNeed a new pair of white trainers to add to your shoe-drobe? Veja is our latest find courtesy of Emma Watson - we’ve been obsessed with the new ‘fashion trainer’ ever since she was spotted repping a pair last year (the V-10 model made from recycled cotton and wild rubber, £85).veja-store.com/enREAD MORE: How To Shop Sustainably READ MORE: The Best Scandinavian Fashion Brands © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Some of fashion’s favourite faces have shown their support this week as details emerged regarding ‘sadistic and cruel’ treatment towards girls at an exclusive Balenciaga casting.Jourdan Dunn, Edie Campbell and Leomie Anderson are just a few industry names applauding the actions of top casting agent James Scully as he bravely exposed the disturbing events he discovered during Paris Fashion Week on his Instagram.@jamespscullyMaida Gregori Boina and Rami Fernandes, the reported agents under fire, were described by Scully as ‘serial abusers.’ According to his lengthy post, more than 150 young girls were left ‘traumatised’ after being made to wait in a stairwell for over three hours.He explains how the pair ‘told them they would have to stay over three hours to be seen and not to leave. In their usual fashion they shut the door went to lunch and turned off the lights, to the stairs leaving every girl with only the lights of their phones to see.’The industry response has been overwhelming, as many came forward to add their own personal experiences to the conversation. Anderson, an activist in her own right, tweeted a screenshot of the post thanking Scully for being a ‘voice to models’, whilst Dunn showed her appreciation on Instagram commenting, ‘Thank you James speak that TRUTH!!!”Campbell issued a personal thank-you, writing ‘Thank you to @jamespscully for calling out those people within the fashion industry who abuse their positions of power.’Balenciaga, owned by the luxury Kering group, has since condemned the incident. In a statement, the brand announced it had ceased working with the casting agency and has sent written apologies to the models and their agents affected by the ordeal.With the allegations casting a bleak shadow over the fun frivolity of the front row, Scully’s prediction of a ‘long cold week in Paris’ just might have set the tone as Fashion Week goes under watch.READ MORE: 5 Must-See Moments From Clare Waight Keller's Final Collection For ChloéREAD MORE: Proceeds From Dior's Feminist T-Shirt Are Being Donated To Rihanna's Charity© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For any avid Paris Fashion Week follower, the Chloé show will be your go-to for très chic sartorial inspiration. Now, taking a bow after six years at the French fashion house, Clare Waight Keller showcased one of the most unforgettable shows in the capital.'It was a punctuation mark at the end of what I've done here,' Waight Keller told the Evening Standard.The British-born designer reworked her greatest hits – from the iconic shell suit to '60s-inspired ensembles we’ll be lusting over for months now. The collection referenced a plethora of eras – from the ‘70s classic Don't You Want Me Baby by The Human League as models walked down the runway to ‘90s spirit seeping into the collection (including luxe tracksuits and hoodies layered underneath coats).Here’s the five standout moments from the AW17 show everyone’s talking about…Rainbow tracksuits? Pillar box red velvet dresses? L.O.V.E.Meet next season’s must-have: the new ‘Pixie’ bag. Coming to a street style gallery near you.No-one nails romantic dressing with a boyish spin like Chloé.The patent mary janes are back (again!)‘90s PVC jackets? Slouchy wool coats with shearling trim? All the outerwear inspo you’ll need next season…Check out who was spotted on the FROW at Chloé here.READ MORE: Paris Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROW READ MORE: The Best Paris Fashion Week Street Style © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...No doubt, leopard print will always have a special place in our hearts. In the form of a fun fur Topshop coat, it saw us through many winters and patterning an Urban Outfitters slip dress it made us feel like Edie Sedgwick. But, there is a burgeoning trend that’s got us thinking, is it time for this old leopard to change its spots?Flashy, trashy and a lot less exotic, cow print is having a moment on the runways of Paris and London. It’s kitschy and makes us think of the sexy bad taste fashions of Quentin Tarantino’s 1993 classic True Romance.  Gleefully over-the-top, it’s a spirited, tongue-in-cheek take on the new cowgirl trend that's sweeping fashion in the form of 10-gallon hats, fringed coats, Western shirts and now cow print.Jeremy Scott was the first to try out the trend on his autumn winter 16 catwalks. His rhinestone cowgirls wore monochrome printed denim co-ords or tinged pink fuzzy coats and boots in the bold print.This season, Ashley Williams tailored it into a cropped jacket. And, at Wanda Nylon the pattern took on a sophisticated air as it was tailored into a long-line jacket, ankle boots, a handbag and a full-bodied beret.Gaby Odiele is a pin-up for this trend. Follow her lead and have a little fun with this wild print by accepting it’s tacky, ‘50s inflected tenor.Like this? Then you might also be interested in...10 New Jeans That Will Make Your Butt Look AmazingAll The Things We Want From Jeanne Damas' Fashion Line10 Shades of Red Lipsticks Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Hypebeasts will back me up here, there are hundreds, if not thousands, of trainers out there. But, few are as iconic or as instantly recognisable as Nike’s Air Max’s. They’ve had our backs (and our feet #sorrynotsorry) since 1987, but this month they are preparing to launch their most revolutionary sneaker since the dawn of time. We have one question we’re desperate to get answered: why has it taken so bloody long?Thirty years ago a sneak-geek called Tinker Hatfield designed the OG Air Max 1. It had the type of bouncy sole that could only be made by trapping Earth’s most bountiful gases – nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide and water (aka air) – in its sole. It was, obviously, revolutionary. It kickstarted a maelstrom of models and some 70 odd iterations later – including the unforgettable Air Max Thea’s, Air Force Max’s, CW Sensation’s, LeBron’s, Uptempo’s, TN’s, Roshe Run, Essential 90’s and Triax’s – and they have finally come up with their lightest ever trainer: the VaporMax.People are hailing it the Air’s renaissance. It's a far cry from some of those clunky '90s models as it’s made of only two components: breathable and flexible Flyknit and a state-of-the-art cushioned sole. It’s the brands cleanest design yet as it’s entirely foamless with a contoured air bubble for a sole. The shoe comes out on March 26th and already has sneakerheads biting at the bit, so we hit up Rory Fraser, Nike’s International Product Development Manager, to get a grip on the buzz.Traditional Air Max shoes have a lot of layers. Essentially the sole is a sandwich with a layer of foam, an air bag and the outer sole. Before we were forcing the airbag to fit in-between those two layers rather than putting it in direct contact with the foot. And with traditional running shoes, the foam eventually breaks down over time. That doesn’t happen with air. And with air, it feels the same whether it’s mile one or one hundred - if you are inclined to run that far.It lets the foot do what the foot’s supposed to do naturally. So the different chambers allow the shoe to move in a different way. There’s an airbag in the heel that's contoured for the foot, so the shoe is incredibly flexible. When you’re running your foot lands on the ground, it gets that nice cushioned support.No.It’s going to be the same. We've kind of sized it down, but it’s built around the same cast and has the same fit.About six years. The exact brief was to bring that sensation of air to life and make it feel like you’re running directly on the air bag. The challenge was: How do we remove all those different layers? How do we rethink the manufacturing process?The team set out to make the best Air Max running shoe they’ve ever made. So we sat down and asked runners what they like about it, what they don’t like and how we can improve it. A lot of them said Air Max’s felt like a bit stiff and could be a lot lighter. I actually ran in it four years ago and did a bit of testing myself.  But we had people, almost from the very beginning testing it to the very end. We had people running far, fast, short and slow. Just to see how it works on different terrains, to make sure there were no issues with it. There’s been a lot of different testing by a lot of different people from all around the world. That’s why it took so long.After ten miles there’s some confetti coming out of it, and it screams ‘amazing job!’ No, not really. I guess the nice thing about having a clear sole is you can see everything. So it’s very transparent in terms of what’s happening.This is maybe a bit geeky, but some of the first gen Air Max VaporMax’s had a smooth sole. But lot of runners were like, ‘yeah…it’s cool…I’m slipping’. It would have been easier if we just layered a bunch of rubber on the bottom to create grip but that was too easy. Instead, there is a small waffle pattern on the sole - it’s not added on, it’s not glued on, it’s part of the sole. So the air bag is both your grip and your traction. I cannot emphasise enough how hard that is to do. It’s an incredible feat of engineering that someone a lot smarter than me came up with.The construction is pretty sustainable. About 90 per cent of the waste from the air bags we’re able to recycle and reuse for future air bags. FlyKnit, in general, is a very sustainable product for us as there’s not a lot of waste from it.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrAshish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For Thought9 Things Under £9 You Need Before Milan Fashion Week StartsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since landing her breakthrough gig on America's Next Top Model - the first model with vitiligo to appear on the show - Winnie Harlow's career has shot into the stratosphere: in 2016 alone, she was chosen as one of the BBC's inspirational 100 Women, and was selected by Beyoncé to appear in her game-changing visual album, Lemonade.Now, Winnie is fronting the final installment of Converse's Forever Chuck campaign, which has taken her to London and Paris to explore the iconic shoe's lasting influence on fashion and street style. In an exclusive interview, we caught up with the model of the moment to learn more...Converse hi-tops are something I've always worn. When I was in school and just getting my allowance, they were one of the first things I actually saved up to buy. Shopping in Buffalo [New York] is cheaper than in Canada, and I'd save up for trips there with my church. I was like 'Cool, I'm gonna spend my lunch money savings on a pair of Converse.'It was really interesting to work with a brand that has as much to do with street style as fashion: a lot of brands I've worked with before are one or the other, so it was cool to work with a bunch of people who brought both together as one.I learned how to ride a low rider bike in a ballroom! I've been riding bikes forever - I was a little tomboy and still have the scars on my knees - so I thought it would be a breeze. When they brought it out, I was like 'it's fine, I'm a pro,' then sat on the bike and almost immediately tumbled over. It was really difficult but so much fun once I had learned how - it's actually even more of a work out than normal cycling because it uses so much core strength.For sure. I pull most of my ideas for things that I like - be it clothes, be it home décor, anything - from the people that I follow. I can get lost on the explore page for hours.It's giving a different voice to people in the industry; you get to see a different side of people. Once upon a time, a model was just a face. We have a say in different things, and more people are able to be seen. Before this, I had to hope and dream that someone would see me. Now, someone can post a picture, it can go viral and from there, you can get a campaign. It's all about how you use the tools that are given to you: if you use it in a positive way and in moderation, you can't bring any negativity to it.It's very cool - that's the best word for it. When I'm at home, I wear cosy winter coats; when I'm here I just want to throw on a bomber or a leather jacket, something that's edgier rather than something that will keep me warm! When I think of London style, I think off-duty model.It was a dream! First I went for the fitting and they put me in a short dress, but I could tell that Julien didn't think it was quite right and he said 'We need to get the black knit dress.' I was really honoured that he let me close the show: Julien has been really supportive of my career for a while, but that was my first time working with him directly. Walking for Julien and for Marc Jacobs have been real 'pinch me' moments this season.I try not to get caught up in the hype: people see the images from the parties as a lifestyle, but modelling really is a career. I try to rest, take care of my body: facials, massages, going to the gym are all necessary for me to keep myself healthy and keep myself in shape.I feel like everything will happen in due time. There is definitely a surge of different body types, different looks, different everything, but rather than putting me in a show and people saying 'Oh my God! A model with vitiligo!' they should be saying 'Winnie Harlow is doing an amazing job and she just walked for Marc Jacobs.' I think diversity is starting to become the norm which is what it really should be - it shouldn't be a gimmick or a fad.I don't necessarily look at one person and say, 'that person is my ideal of who I want to be.' I think I pull inspiration from everyone that I meet, and everyone that has helped me out in my career so far. Nick Knight, Edward Enniful, there are so many people who have believed in me.READ MORE: The Best Paris Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: The Moonlight Cast Star In Calvin Klein's New Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yes you read it right. Nike have become the first high street sportswear brand to recognise that girls with curves still wanna work out.Modelled by influencers Grace Victory and Danielle Vanier, the range has not left behind Nike’s traditional sleek style and technology. It includes t-shirts with mesh sleeves, patterned leggings and even super supportive cut out bras. Everything we could ever need.In a statement, the brand said: 'Nike recognises that women are stronger, bolder and more outspoken than ever. In today's world, sport is no longer something that she does, it's who she is. The days where we have to add 'female' before 'athlete' are over. She is an athlete, period. And having helped fuel this cultural shift, we celebrate these athletes' diversity, from ethnicity to body shape.'Ever the ones to keep customers on their toes, the announcement comes seven months after a posing a teaser Instagram pic which showed plus-size model Paloma Elsesser rocking a Nike outfit, and from today you can grab it for yourself. Nike have nailed this. And we can only hope that other brands start to follow suit with an inclusive range, too.Like this? Then you'll also be interested in...We've Hacked The Street Style Algrithm: This Is What To Wear To Get SnappedThe XXL-Sized Problem With Kylie Jenner's 'Thick' CollectionIs This The Most Exciting Beauty Launce Of 2017?This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion has forever dealt with social and political issues, but this season the messages haven’t been presented as a subtle undercurrent. Instead, they have been bold and unapologetic.Undeniably, the inauguration of Donald Trump earlier this year – which meant the Trumps were to take the Obamas place in The White House - has been the catalyst for outspoken sartorial movements, namely concerned with promoting feminism.There have since been many political statements made in the fashion world. First, designers such as Tom Ford openly refused to dress First Lady Melania Trump for her husband’s inauguration in a stand against his controversial policies.Then came a parade of political statements made by designers throughout New York Fashion Week. Slogan tees were one example, kicked off last season in the Dior SS17 show, when Maria Grazia Chiuri showed t-shirts with the statements, ‘Dio(R)evolution’ and ‘We Should All Be Feminists’. Following suit, Prabal Gurung incorporated t-shirts presenting political messages in his show at NYFW last month, saying, ‘The Future Is Female’, ‘This Is What A Feminist Looks Like’ and ‘I Am An Immigrant’. Also, cult label Creatures of Comfort models wore t-shirts emblazoned with the words, ‘We Are All Human Beings’, and LSR’s debut collection included knickers which presented the words, ‘No Ban No Wall’ in reference to Trump’s Muslim ban.Also in the wake of Trump’s disastrous policies, Business of Fashion launched the social media campaign #TiedTogether, to symbolise 'the common bonds of humankind — regardless of race, sexuality, gender or religion'. At his NYFW show last month, Tommy Hilfiger and the models showed solidarity by wearing white bandanas around their wrists.However, fashion brands such as Dior have been criticised for being ironic on account of using the politics as a marketing ploy, instead of a way to directly impact political change; a ruse to gain capital and coverage with no intent of helping causes directly in the way of funding.In response to the critics, Maria Grazia Chiuri has announced that Dior will be partnering with Rihanna's charity Clara Lionel Foundation, and will donate the proceeds from the 'We Should All Be Feminists' t-shirt to the charity.@badgalririRihanna's nonprofit organisation, which she founded in 2012, aims to 'support and fund innovative and effective education and health programs around the world.' Last year the foundation allowed students from the Caribbean and South America to gain higher education in America.Rihanna is also an ambassador for the Global Partnership for Education and Global Citizen Project, which helps to end poverty around the world, and last month she was awarded the Peter J. Gomes Humanitarian Award from Harvard University for her contribution to helping impoverished areas get access to healthcare and education.Speaking to WWD, Maria Grazia Chiuri said, 'We are so proud to support the Rihanna project. If you want to change the culture around the world, there is no other way but to invest in education.'The t-shirt can be purchased from Dior for £490, and a percentage of the proceeds from each sale will go to the Clara Lionel Foundation until the 15th May 2017.READ MORE: New York Fashion Week Proves Political Dressing Is 'In'READ MORE: How To Celebrate International Women's Day© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Behind the plumes of Gauloise smoke, French women have low-key nonchalance locked down. Maybe, it’s in the water (scrap that, wine), or maybe it’s all to do with their perfect red lipstick that never seems to smudge. But, if you want to live it up like the girls invited to Paris  Fashion Week do, make sure you have these nine necessities to hand…Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrAshish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For Thought9 Things Under £9 You Need Before Milan Fashion Week StartsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This spring/summer, dig out your favourite graphic, slogan, bright and bold t-shirts, because this season is all about the tee - just ask the fash pack. New York Fashion Week set the tone for loud, poltical slogan tees, from Dior's 'We Should All Be Feminists' t-shirt to Prabal Gurung's t-shirt with the words, 'I Am An Immigrant' emblazoned on the front.Models of the moment Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner are often seen championing graphic tees, and wear them uncoventionally: layered, clashing, cropped, with cut outs and juxtaposed with tailored pieces to get that smart casual/dress-up-dress-down look.Here are the latest trends in t-shirts:Sports luxe is a trend that isn't going anywhere for a while, so stock up on all of your favourite brands: Fila, Champion, Adidas...Worn for years by skateboard enthusiasts, Thrasher tees are now creeping into the fashionista radar.Loud and roaring (literally), graphic tees are everywhere you look this season, and there's definitely a tiger theme...The Gucci t-shirt is the fash pack's favourite staple item this year, worn by supermodels including Romee Strijd.Shop our edit of the best t-shirts to buy nowHarvard T-Shirt, Space Cowboy, £45 from GanniWomen's T-shirts - Grazia2of13Harvard T-Shirt, Space Cowboy, £45 from GanniChampion Pink Large Logo T-Shirt, £30 from Urban OutfittersKenzo Tiger Face T-Shirt, £29.95 from HarrodsMango Tiger Print T-Shirt, £15.99 from ASOSMarni Sequin-Embellished Printed Cotton-Jersey T-Shirt, £580 from Net-a-porterMarc Jacobs Embellished Printed Cotton-Jersey T-Shirt, £130 from Net-a-porterGucci Appliquéd Distressed Printed Cotton-Jersey T-Shirt, £560 for Net-a-porterÉtoile Isabel Marant Kendriwa Slub Linen-Jersey T-Shirt, £135 from Net-a-porterLouis Theroux Tee, £29.95 from Homage TeesThrasher Babes T-Shirt, $27.95 from ThrasherReebok Classic Print T-Shirt, £24.99 from ZalandoAdidas Originals Grey Three Stripe T-Shirt, £22 from ASOSAC/DC Tee, £27 from Brandy MelvilleREAD MORE: Why Everyone Is Wearing The Champion Jumper This SeasonREAD MORE: The Beret Is Back© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Think French fashion and a whole roster of brands come to mind from Christian Dior to Chanel and Maje to Sandro. But, there is one stealth label that’s been making stylish strides into the wardrobes of the best dressed Parisians. It’s called Rouje and it’s the brainchild of French It girl Jeanne Damas. The model and front row favourite launched the line just last year, but it’s already being called the Reformation of Paris. It has the Jane Birkin look nailed and is delightfully easy to wear, just see for yourself…Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrAshish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For Thought9 Things Under £9 You Need Before Milan Fashion Week StartsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...'Oh my - I’m in love! This bag is the perfect all-rounder. Wear for day and night, then cost per wear it’s a total winner.'Oversized curb-chain leather shoulder bag, £480, Marques'Almeida at MatchesFashion.com'Here at Grazia HQ we're day dreaming about Spring, what better way to kick start your summer wardrobe than investing in this BLOOMING beautiful bomber – get it?!'Floral Print Bomber Jacket, £69, M&S'So if you haven’t already invested in something Champion, now’s the time… This long sleeve tee from Champion x Beams is going in my shopping basket right now.'Long sleeve crew neck, £57, Champion x Beams at Goodhood'I’m in love with all things Attico, especially these mules. Try them with the add on ankle straps in red velvet for a super cool look teamed with high waisted jeans and white tee.'Point-toe leather and canvas mules, £437, Attico at matchesfashion.com'Logo mania is here to stay and what chicer way to wear the trend than this cardigan. Team with tailored trousers and your Stan Smiths for a low-key work look.'Logo-trimmed v-neck wool-blend cardigan, £695, Attico at matchesfashion.comPedis at the ready, it’s nearly time to bare those toes! Get in the summer mood with these Mango sandals, but maybe hold off until April though.Links chain leather sandals, £49.99, Mango'If you don’t already know Annie Costello Brown, make sure to take note of the name.  These statement chandeliers are a must-have for spring/summer ‘17. You may have already spotted them in this week’s Wardrobe Workshop…'Matisse Chandelier Earrings, £160 at Liberty London'Buy one for your friends, your sister, your mum and your auntie. You get the idea. I certainly want them all. Talk about #girlpower.'FIT t-shirt, £49, intodust.co.uk'Pyjamas to work? Yes, please! Don these culottes with a black t-shirt and co-ordinating mules and you’ll have nailed the trans-seasonal wardrobe in a matter of minutes.'Pink stripe wide leg culottes, £38, River Island'As this grey weather doesn’t seem to be going anywhere, it’s time for some new boots. We have our hearts set on these bad boys from new brand Aeyde.'Black ankle boots, approx £213, Aeyde'This throw-it-all-in tote is super practical. And just look how chic it is...Khaki horizontal tote bag, £160, Kurt Geiger'Subtle frills that will carry you through to summer. But for now, make sure to layer a cotton roll neck underneath.'Striped ruffled shirt, approx £213, MasscobREAD MORE: This Fashion Item Is Officially The Next Must-HaveREAD MORE: What On Earth Is A Drouser? And How To Wear It NowREAD MORE: How To Remain Fashionable Even When It Rains© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Less than 24 hours after Moonlight’s big win at the Oscars (and after the biggest blunder the Academy Awards has ever seen has almost blown over) it’s been revealed the male cast members from the film have been tapped to front Calvin Klein’s ’17 men’s underwear campaign.The eldest co-stars - Best Supporting Actor winner Mahershala Ali, Trevante Rhodes and Ashton Sanders - show off their incredible physiques in nearly-all shirtless snaps (you're welcome). As well as a cute cameo from 12-year-old talent, Alex R. Hibbert.‘In front of the camera, and up on the big screen. Mahershala, Alex, Ashton and Trevante are, each of them entirely luminescent. Now, in real life, they are all catching the light they deserve,’ the Calvin Klein brand said in a statement.Adding: ‘On the set of the campaign shoot, as the day was coming to an end, and knowing that his group of friends and colleagues were soon to part, Mahershala looked around and said, “It’s only a shame that this isn’t a franchise. It would be so great to get everyone back together.” They all laughed. But he went on. “I did have the idea that we do a prequel, though, he said. “It’s be called Sunlight.”Since Raf Simons took over the helm at CK last year diversity is at the heart of his collections – from casting teen breakout star to watch Millie Bobby Brown in his previous ad and his first show for the brand combining both menswear and womenswear. Casting four African-American men to front a huge fashion campaign is still, sadly, not the norm in 2017. Let’s hope the industry will follow suit…You can see the full Calvin Klein campaign here.READ MORE: The Best Dressed Men At The Oscars READ MORE: Check Out The Most Awkward Moment In Oscar History...© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The ‘Beauty and the Beast’ promo tour was inevitably going to be the most stylish affair. Heck, Emma Watson’s even launched a new Instagram account @the_press_tour - which has gained 344K followers in less than two weeks - to shine the spotlight on her favourite ethical fashion brands (both well-known and labels you’ve never heard of before). Cue: serious sartorial envy.Her outfit winners so far have included a bespoke Princess-style gown by Emilia Wickstead, a custom made Oscar De La Renta dress and a monochrome bustier and trousers by rising Spanish designer Carmen March.But it’s her most recent red carpet appearance at the ‘Beauty and the Beast’ premiere in Shanghai - wearing a modern-day version of Belle’s iconic ball gown in the film - that’s got us all cooing in the Grazia office.Like pretty much every best dressed attendee at this year’s Oscars, the 26-year-old actress and activist rocked an intricate champagne dress for the occasion. Designed by Elie Saab, she also wore the bespoke ensemble with a matching Belle-style cape.This is what (dress) dreams are made of.READ MORE: Emma Watson Reveals Why She Chose To Play Belle Over Cinderella READ MORE: Emma Watson Debuts A Daring New 'Do On The Red Carpet© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When the A-list put their glad rags on for the awards ceremony of the year, they’re sartorially prepping in the hope that they may be accepting an award.So Hollywood's biggest names are under pressure to make the moment memorable. And so this season, it seemed the majority of starlets sought sartorial inspiration from the grand prize itself, the Oscar trophy.Dressed head-toe-toe in metallic hues the likes of Emma Stone and Dakota Johnson proved they’re the golden girls of the moment at last night’s ceremony.But was the golden theme a coincidence?According to The Hollywood Reporter, dressing like the award itself can be considered a lucky charm. Yes, seriously.Of all the women to win Best Actress since 1929, nine out of 73 winners donned gold to the ceremony. And further stats revealed that as many as 50 percent of women who wore the metallic hue to the Oscars in the past have gone on to win big in the last ten years.Most notably, Meryl Streep won the award for Best Actress twice in golden attire.And last night, stars took the sartorial superstition into account as they wore the most lust-worthy gold dresses imaginable.Tom Ford was behind Amy Adams' metallic v-neck gown while Emma Stone made fashion history as the first woman since Audrey Hepburn to win an Oscar in Givenchy.Take a look at our sparkly favourites below:Credit: Giorgio ArmaniCharlize Theron opted for a pleated gown by Christian Dior. She finished the look with supersized earrings. Oscars Gold Dresses - Grazia2of9Charlize Theron opted for a pleated gown by Christian Dior. She finished the look with supersized earrings. Nicole Kidman opted for a nude gown by Armani Privé which featured subtle gold embellishments. The Lion actress finished the look with a Hollywood red lip. Jessica Biel donned a long-sleeved gown by Kaufmanfranco. She accessorised the look with a feathered collar in a bronze hue.Girl of the moment Emma Stone shone at last night's ceremony in a golden haute couture gown by Givenchy. She finished the look with her iconic auburn locks and a bold lip. Charlize Theron opted for a pleated gown by Christian Dior. She finished the look with supersized earrings. Girl of the moment Emma Stone shone at last night's ceremony in a golden haute couture gown by Givenchy. She finished the look with her iconic auburn locks and a bold lip. Nicole Kidman opted for a nude gown by Armani Privé which featured subtle gold embellishments. The Lion actress finished the look with a Hollywood red lip. Jessica Biel donned a long-sleeved gown by Kaufmanfranco. She accessorised the look with a feathered collar in a bronze hue.By far one of our favourite looks of the evening. Dakota Johnson opted for a buttery gold Gucci gown. The '20s-inspired shoulder pads and pleats work well against the satin finish. 10/10. READ MORE: Oscars 2017: The Very Best Looks From The Red CarpetREAD MORE: Oscars 2017: The Very Best Looks From The After Parties© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Olivia Palermo should be held responsible for a multitude of things. For example, we blame her for when we raced to the hairdressers with photographs of her ‘lob’ demanding a similarly great crop.We also blame her for an unrealistic portrayal of a job in fashion while starring on The City and not to mention hold her (and husband Johannes Huebl) responsible for giving us unattainable wedding goals.But one thing we didn’t expect to hold her accountable for is our irrepressible Zara addiction.The New-Yorker is most commonly found sandwiched between the fashion elite on the FROW at fashion week or stealing the spotlight from other competitive street-stylers.But unlike the peacocks of fashion month who bring the most outrageous designer looks to the streets, Olivia remains loyal to everyone’s favourite high street label. Zara.From the iconic white bell-bottom suit to the leopard print shirt which casued a potential crash on the website, we chart Olivia Palermo’s greatest Zara looks of all time…It was the outfit which undoubtedly ruled the streets last season, with Zara fanatics far and wide flocking to invest in the wrap blazer and matching bell bottom trousers.Not only did Olivia potentially break the internet with her first outing in the co-ords, she brought it back for a second round. Paired with black heels and a white clutch, Olivia had us all desperately refreshing the Zara homepage.When Olivia Palermo attended Fashion Week this season, she wore not one but three consecutive Zara outfits. And the best part? They’re all still available in store. She kicked off the week in a floral embroidered Zara shirt with leather flares from the Olivia Palermo x Chelsea 28 collection.And in true blogger style, Olivia opted for a change of look with a Rebecca Minkoff bell-sleeved sheer blouse, turtleneck khaki jumper and trousers from, you guessed it, Zara. She successfully convinced us all to adopt athleisure in the meantime too.Before Olivia headed to Paris and resurrected the floral shirt for a second time. Unheard of in the fashion world. She attended the Miu Miu show in the must-have shirt and finished the look with leather trousers and a military style coat.It was the garment which gave the green light to animal print this season, as it became one of the most photographed Zara looks of all time. The white poplin shirt priced at £26, had us frantically scouring the website, adding several sizes to our basket in the hope of securing the must-have.Paired with black bell-bottom trousers, the shirt can be donned at work or as Olivia demonstrates, through the day, when worn with ripped jeans.Olivia may be a regular on the FROW and the first to bag an invite to every awards ceremony going but it isn't enough to persuade her to don designer garments from head to toe. In fact, as any true Zara fan would know, you can adopt the high street look for any occasion.As Olivia demonstrated at the 66th Cannes Film Festival, in a Roberto Cavalli gold dress with, you guessed it, a Zara blazer.Come Fashion Week, the street style set flock to the capital to be photographed in their best ensembles. From fashion peacocks to well, Zara fanatics. And Olivia never fails to make us proud.Renowned for her ability to mix high-end with high street, Olivia has us all logging into our Zara accounts as soon as the pictures drop. Our bank balances don't stand a chance.And in celebration of our favourite store, we've documented Olivia Palermo's best Zara moments of all time in the gallery below. So you can curate your next wishlist...Credit: GettyOlivia Palermo Best Zara Looks - Grazia2of17Olivia attended the Carven spring/summer show during Paris Fashion Week in 2013 and donned Stuart Weitzman boots and a Zara plaid dress. The blogger donned a floral two-piece by Zara to the premiere of 'Safe' on April 16, 2012. Olivia finished the look with a black jacket and metallic Sergio Rossi brogues. Olivia donned an embroidered Zara jacket with a split skirt and choker to the Moët & Chandon Film Festival.It seems Olivia has a penchant for Zara accessories just like the rest of us, as she is regularly spotted finishing designer garments with the high street retailer's top-sellers. For example, Olivia attended the New Yorker's For Children's 10th Anniversary A Fool's Fete Spring Dance in 2013 and finished a Katie Ermilio dress with Jimmy Choo shoes and you guessed it, a Zara belt.  When celebrities attend red carpet events, the media are desperate to discover which designer brands they've opted for. And Olivia did choose a gold Roberto Cavalli dress for the premiere of 'The Immigrant' back in 2013 for the 66th Cannes Film Festival. But staying true to her values, she chose a Zara embellished blazer to finish the look. That's our girl.Even fashion month can't tempt Olivia to steer clear of her favourite high street retailer. The blogger paired a khaki sleeveless jumper with a sheer bell-sleeve shirt and Zara tuxedo-stripe trousers.  It was the Zara suit that went viral. On 29 June, Olivia attended the opening of Rimowa's flagship store in the iconic two-piece and most probably made the Zara website crash. Olivia attended the Louis Vuitton Maison opening on April 23, 2013 in Munich. The blogger may have opted for a designer dress but accessorised with Zara shoes of course.Olivia wore one of the most coveted Zara coats of the year at the Alize launch in New York.Olivia donned a floral sleeveless dress by Zara to the Stephane Roulland Haute Couture autumn/winter show during Paris Fashion Week on July 5, 2011. When Olivia Palermo attended a Jimmy Choo tea party in 2015 at the Ivy Chelsea Garden, onlookers were probably surprised to find that she wasn't donning designer garments. Instead, Olivia opted for a striped Zara top priced at just £25.99. She finished the look with a white blazer and ripped jeans.Olivia Palermo arrived at the Schiaparelli Haute Couture autumn/winter '16 show in belted striped trousers, a Schiaperelli blazer and of course, a Zara monochrome top. Olivia Palermo stepped out in patent Zara flatforms ahead of the Schiaparelli spring/summer '16 show during Paris Fashion Week. Olivia Palermo donned a khaki Zara shirt with camouflage loafers and a mustard clutch on 21 August 2016.Olivia confirmed the leopard print trend for autumn/winter back in August, as she was spotted in a Zara shirt whilst walking through the streets of New York.Olivia was spotted in a bouclé effect jacket from Zara finished with a white shirt and ripped jeans whilst in New York.READ MORE: Exclusive: Olivia Palermo Stars In Coast’s AW '16 CampaignREAD MORE: Olivia Palermo On Her Health, Style & Beauty Secrets© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Gender politics at NYFW? Older models at Simone Rocha? If there’s one tagline to take away from Fashion Month already it's Diversity Rules.Dolce & Gabbana mixed things up in the casting department too, enlisting the help of next-gen YouTube stars, singers, designers and bloggers to model its glamourous AW17 collection during Milan Fashion Week (ranging in ages, ethnicities and sizes).The Crown-effect reached its way onto the runway as British aristocrats (Lady Amelia Windsor and Princess Diana’s niece, Lady Kitty Spencer) made their catwalk debuts at D&G. And in keeping with the Italian label's focus on family (often casting mothers, toddlers, and young children) celebrity off-spring had their time in the spotlight – including Jamie Foxx’s daughter Corinne, 16-year-old Anais Gallagher and cool kids Gabriele Kane Day-Lewis (Damien Lewis’ son) and Rafferty Law (no description of parentage needed).Here’s our pick of the best new D&G runway recruits…Princess Diana’s 26-year-old niece (the eldest daughter of Diana's brother, Charles Spencer) aptly wore an ornate tiara and gold dress on the D&G runway.The singer looked like a Cinderella IRL in this diamond dress and tiara combo. With her Prince Charming: fiancé and model Oliver Cheshire.21-year old Edinburgh university student (who also happens to be 36th in line to the throne), is the new royal face to follow, stat.Yellow suiting is on our wish-list for autumn, thanks to Jamie Foxx’s 21-year-old daughter and USC student, Corinne.The fashion blogger and YouTuber you will have no doubt spotted on a street style round up near you. With 4 million Instagram followers and counting it appears  social media stars are giving supermodels a run for their money.Watch this face - Justin Bieber’s protégé is fast becoming a star in her own right. The 17-year-old has been posting cover songs on her YouTube channel for years and her debut album is slated for release later this year.READ MORE: Who Is Anais Gallagher? READ MORE: The Best Milan Fashion Week Street Style © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...IRL, it’s not quite spring. In the world of fashion however, we are heralding in a new season. With this comes a flurry of shiny new things on every shop floor. And so the temptation to give our wardrobes a top-to-toe overhaul, maxing out every credit card in the process, is all too real.But here’s the thing; right now, the trick to actually looking on point in this transitionary period is not about a complete, spendthrift inspired style revamp. Instead, it’s all about that one thing. THE ELEVATOR.As any streetstyler worth their salts will tell you, a single, well-judged piece will immediately, quite magically, lift your entire look.A brightly coloured puffa jacket is a one-stop shop upgrade; the bigger, the puffier, the better because, thankfully, the catwalks have killed off any Michelin Man/15 tog duvet connotations. If you prefer to make a more understated statement, simply accessorise. This is the season of the earring; shoulder grazing tassels, architectural cuts, 90’s style hoops… whatever you do, just make it count.  The once tricky-to-wear white shoe is now a directional classic that, yes, you can actually wear with anything, Gucci’s double-G belt, a nod to our newly revived love for logos will upgrade anything from a chic black dress to a lived-in pair of jeans.The ultimate elevator this season is arguably Dior’s J’ADIOR slingbacks; never has a kitten heel elicited such covetousness. An elevator, however, needn’t cost a month’s rent. In homage to Gucci, we are all now wearing socks with our open toe shoes. So ignore the urge to splurge; for now at least, it’s all about the power of one.Click through our gallery below to check out where you can buy your fashion elevator:Blue puffer jacket, £29.99, New LookFashion lift - Grazia2of10Blue puffer jacket, £29.99, New LookMulti-sphere drop earrings, £295, J.W. Anderson at matchesfashion.comCrystal and pearl embellished satin mules, £615, Miu Miu at matchesfashion.comPatent wrap coat, £1,215, Attico at brownsfashion.comLeather belt, £405, Gucci at matchesfashion.comShoes, £650, DiorHammock leather tote, £1,675, Loewe at matchesfashion.comBonsai bag, £320, Simon Miller at net-a-porter.comSocks, £32, Mother DenimLeather pumps,  £410, AcneREAD MORE:  9 Style Tips We've Picked Up From The Street Style Set This SeasonREAD MORE: Fishnet: Your £4 Fashion FixREAD MORE: The Best Milan Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What’s short, orange and covered in Boohoo? Me! That’s right: I have, once again, given up my body in the name of research. My hypothesis? Boohoo (dot com) is a treasure trove of as-yet-unearthed garment goodness; a smorgasbord of clothing deliciousness; a veritable feast of fashun finds. Here are my findings…Ripped Hem Skirt, £15It would be remiss of me not to draw your attention to this sickeningly cute shirt. Stripy? Check. Off-the-shoulder? Check. Ruffled? Check. Ding, ding, ding! You just won the crop top lotto! Congrats! Claim your reward by clicking the link above. (It’s a link to the top, guys. Full disclosure and all that.)Jordyn Velour Zip Through Jacket, £12, Puffa lovers (I know you’re out there), gather round. This velveteen bad boy is as much a marshmallow cloud as it is aesthetically pleasing. While donning it, I remember thinking: ‘So this is what it feels like to be hugged by a cloud, huh.’ And if that isn’t a shining endorsement, I don’t know what is.Sheila High Neck Unitard, £15, Lois Varsity Wool Bomber, £15Forgive me, world, for I have Kim’d. I kept up with a Kardashian in the purest sense by attempting to sartorially emulate one. The result? Divisive, which is fitting because I kinda feel like that’s the impact the jumpsuit (shortsuit?) had on my nether-regions. I’ve never seen my vagina so obviously pronounced in a piece of clothing before (and this from a girl who inflicted thrush upon herself during the Disco Pant Epidemic of 2010). A strong look, regardless.I fully subscribe to the belief that metallic knitwear is a viable garment choice all year round. Deep freeze, be damned! If you’re not a believer, however, then implement your gold top-cum-dress-cum-beach-cover-up thusly.Libby Flare Sleeve Woven Shirt, £18, Ripped Hem Skirt, £15If layering is an art-form then just call me Picasso! Joking, sort of. But as far as being a layer player goes, I kinda think I knocked it out the park with this gingham-on-gingham get-up. Deploying my denim skirt (it will see you through countless summers to come) and a pair of fluffy slides (v AW16 but also v SS17), this outfit provided ample opportunity to make the most of my freshly bronzed pins while concealing my terribly-bronzed paws. A desirable trait in any outfit, I can assure you.Hannah Embroided Biker Jacket, £45, Alexandra Double Frill Lace Pencil Skirt, £15I started from the bottom via this snazzy little lace skirt and then added the best faux leather jacket I ever had. The result? Drizzy-inspired fireworks.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrWe Tried On The Most Amazing Pieces At Whistles How NYFW Street Style Girls Survived The SnowFollow Daisy on Instagram @PieandfashThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Emma Stone has become one of Hollywood’s best-loved actresses. Since she first burst onto our screens playing Jules in Superbad (2007) alongside Jonah Hill and Michael Cera, she has had an impressive filmography, landing lead roles in films such as Easy A (2010), Crazy Stupid Love (2011), The Help (2011) and The Amazing Spider-Man (2012). Her career defining moment so far, though, is playing Mia in the all-singing all-dancing love-letter to Hollywood, La La Land - for which she has been collecting awards left right and centre this awards season.Aside from her impressive career, she has a wardrobe to be envious of. Her favourite designers include Giambattista Valli, Dolce and Gabbana and Lanvin, and when on the red carpet she experiments with eclectic and bold colours, patterns and textures.Emma is of Swedish, German, English, Scottish and Irish descent, and although her fiery red locks are not natural, she compliments her ivory complexion with her outfit choices, and often rocks a bold lip and strong winged eyeliner.Off-duty, Emma is very girl-next-door and casual. She rocks low-key outfits usually consisting of oversized coats, casual jeans and boots, accessorised with big scarfs and sunglasses.On the red carpet, though, Emma dazzles every time. At the Opening Ceremony of the 73rd Annual Venice Film Festival in 2016 Emma wore a blue embellished Atlier Versace gown, and at the 21st Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards in 2015 she looked amazing in a black Christian Dior Gown. Emma is known for her singature red hair, which she usually wears short with her bangs swept over to one side, or in a sleek updo on a more formal occasion.Emma has been upping the ante style-wise recently. When promoting her award-winning film La La Land with Ryan Gosling, she rocked the red carpet in a myriad of gorgeous gowns by the likes of Valentino, Chanel and Gucci.And for the award season circut? It's got to be Valentino, Alexander McQueen and Chanel, of course.She is the ultimate girl crush that we want to befriend (and get styling tips from), so we've rounded up her best sartorial moments over the years in the gallery below:Credit: gettyYoung Hollywood Awards, April 27th 2008.Young Emma wore a purple sleeveless dress with silver heels.Emma Stone Style - Grazia2of43Young Hollywood Awards, April 27th 2008.Young Emma wore a purple sleeveless dress with silver heels.Fox All-Star Winter TCA Party, 2007.Younger Emma wore a navy patterned dress and nude heels, and styled her long red hair in loose curls.Replay Brand party, 2006.Younger Emma rocked brunette locks, a full fringe, and a casual jeans and t-shirt ensemble.La La Land* premiere at the 73rd Toronto International Film Festival, September 12th 2016.Emma wore a pale yellow embellished dress and pushed her hair back with a headband.The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Rise of Electron* Premiere in Berlin, April 15th 2014.Emma rocked in a red and blue gown with gold fringing and gold heels.The premiere of La La Land at the 73rd Venice Film Festival, August 31st 2016.Emma wore a metallic pale blue fringed high-neck Atelier Versace gown on the red carpet, and styled her hair in a sleek updo. The premiere of Irrational Man at the 68th Annual Cannes Film Festival, May 15 2015.Emma looked amazing when she wore a floor-length pale blue lace gown, complimenting her ivory complexion.The premiere of Aloha in Los Angeles, May 27th 2015.Emma donned an ivory embellished fringed Emilio Pucci dress underneath an ivory blazer, with pointed stilettos. The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Rise of Electron* photocall in London, April 9th 2014.Emma stunned in a grey checked trouser suit and white collared blouse, paired with black pointed heels.The 87th Academy Awards Nominee Luncheon, February 2nd 2015.Emma looked adorable in a striped top and polka dot midi skirt by Michael Kors.Film Independent Spirit Awards, Feb 21 2015.Emma stunned on the red carpet in a black lace midi Monique Lhullier dress with cut-out sides, making her fiery red hair stand out.The La La Land photocall at the 73rd Annual Venice Film Festival, August 31st 2016.Emma opted for a contrasting pink and green patterned Giambattista Valli dress and Jimmy Choo heels.The Vanity Fair Oscar Party, February 22nd 2015.Emma wore a red and gold plunging metallic Altuzzara gown with lace collar insert. The Cast of The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Rise of Electron visit the Empire State Building in honor of Be Amazing Volunteer Day, April 25th 2014.Emma stood out in a scarlet red mini dress with embellished collar, and rocked a full fringe.Nice Airport, May 16th 2015.Emma even looks stylish off-duty, wearing a long camel-coloured coat, white blouse, dark jeans and white trainers.The 'Manus x Machina: Fashion In An Age Of Technology' Costume Institute Gala, May 2nd 2916.Emma wowed on the red carpet, debuting black hair and wearing a plunging white gown with leather corset.Aloha* screening at Soho Hotel in London, May 16th 2015.Emma opted for a blue and yellow sleeveless Ulyana Sergeenko gown with pocket detailing, and white pointed Christian Louboutin stilettos.The Writers Guild Awards, July 9th 2015.Emma looked beautiful in an ivory embroidered midi Giambattista Valli dress with flower detailing.The 68th Annual Cannes Film Festival, May 15th 2015.Emma looked truly stunning when she wore a black lace dress and pointed stilettos, and dyed her hair a soft strawberry-blonde.The Birdman premiere at the 71st Venice Film Festival, August 27th 2014.Emma opted for a plunging forrest green floor-length gown and cut her auburn hair into a bob at the Venice Film Festival, and she looked amazing.The 21st Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards, January 25th 2015.Emma wowed on the red carpet in a sheer black tuxedo-gown by Christian Dior, with bright red lipstick and a slick updo.The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Rise of Electron* premiere in Rome, April 14th 2014.Emma wowed in a sheer glittery pussy bow gown, and wore her dark auburn hair in an updo.The 68th Golden Globes Awards, January 16 2011.Emma wore a peach Calvin Klein floor-length gown and dyed her hair bleach blonde, looking totally striking.Magic In The Moonlight' premiere in New York, July 17th 2014.Emma looked beautiful in a royal blue floral Dolce and Gabbana dress, alongside boyfriend-at-the-time and co-star Andrew Garfield.The Hammer Museum Gala, October 10th 2015.Emma wore a lace Bottega Veneta  gown and styled her hair in an updo.The 87th Academy Awards, February 22nd 2015.Emma looked amazing in a pale green embellished beaded Elie Saab gown with thigh-split, and heels to match.'Charles James: Beyond Fashion' Costume Institute Gala, May 5th 2014.Emma wowed in a pink crop top and pink floor-length wrap skirt with thigh-split by Thakoon, and wore her hair in a pretty side french plait.The 19th Annual Mark Twain Prize, October 23rd 2016.Emma dazzled in a burgundy gown with sparkly trim and embroidery, with a slick of berry-coloured lipstick to complete the autumnal look.The 72nd Annual Golden Globes, January 11th 2016.Emma wowed on the red carpet in a silver jeweled top and black cigarette trousers with an oversized bow belt by Lanvin. She also wore fierce wing eyeliner and berry-coloured lipstick. CDFA/Vogue Fashion Fund Show and Tea Party, October 26th 2016.Emma wore a buttoned white shirt and ruffle pencil skirt with silver sandal heels.La La Land* premiere in California, December 6th 2016.Emma wowed in a blue embellished Prada gown with her hair in a sleek up-do. The Critics Choice Awards, December 11th 2016.Emma wore a custom halter-neck dress with cut-outs by Roland Mouret and looked amazing.W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances Portfolio and the Golden Globes, January 5th 2017.Emma looked stunning in a lemon one-shouldered patterned dress by Gucci.BAFTA Tea Party, January 7th 2017.Emma opted for a orange and white polka dot halter midi dress and Mary Jane heels.The 74th Golden Globe Awards, January 8th 2017.Emma dazzled in a Valentino embellished gown (which was surely a nod to her film, La La Land), Jimmy Choo Minny sandals, and Tiffany & Co jewellery.Gala screening for La La Land in London, January 12th 2017.Emma wore a burgundy slip dress by The Row and styled her hair in Hollywood curls.Hand and Foot Ceremony, 7th December 2016.Emma looked lovely in a yellow floaty midi dress by Rochas.La La Land* premiere in Paris, January 10th 2017.Emma wowed in a red and gold embellished Chanel gown whilst promoting her hit film.Women in Entertainment Breakfast, December 7th 2016.Emma was a ray of sunshine in a yellow mini shift dress with bell sleeves.At the BAFTAs Emma dazzled in a silver bejeweled Chanel Haute Couture gown with trousers to match.At the Golden Globes Emma wore a starry plunging Valentino gown (a nod to 'City of Stars', perhaps?) and looked utterly beautiful.At the SAGs Emma opted for a sheer, lace embroidered Alexander McQueen gown.Emma wore a gold Givenchy gown to the Oscars, and picked up the Oscar for Best Actress for her performance in La La Land.READ MORE: Which Actor Turned Down Emma Stone's Role In La La Land?READ MORE: Emma Stone Showcases Her Singing Voice In New La La Land Trailer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Specsavers!If you want to upgrade your specs, then it’s well worth investing in a pair while feeling confident that they’re going to compliment your best features. There are certain frames that just suit some of us more than others. It’s all to do with face-shape, so we’ve teamed up with Specsavers to show you how to how to tap into some of SS17’s key trends, with frames that best suit your unique face.Plus, pop legend Kylie Minogue has helped design a new range of glasses at Specsavers, so we’ve taken some seriously stylish inspo from one of our fave stars.Oval-shapedIf your face is longer than it is wide, go for teacup-styled glasses like the Kylie 5. Hint: bold and over-sized frames will work for you.How to style them: Céline, Givenchy and Chanel’s SS17 collections have deemed pink the colour of summer, so tap into the thriving trend with Kylie’s pink teacup frames.Heart-shapedAre you a heart-shaped beauty? Rectangular frames that are wider on top will add width to your chin.How to style them: If DKNY, Balenciaga, Michael Kors’ most recent collections are anything to go by, then it seems an 80s revival of the powder shoulder is back for more business. So, rock your shoulder pads this season with a mini skirt and these fierce specs, (Kylie 9.)Round-shapedWith the widest part of your face being across your cheekbones, oval glasses are best suited to you. The bottom of the frame should hit above the cheekbone and should be wider than it is tall in order to achieve balance.How to style them: Hoorah! Hour-glass figures are back in favour with the fashion world, courtesy of Alberta Ferretti, Hermes, Burberry’s latest collections. So, team your frames with a thick black waist belt over a layered look to flawlessly pull off this chic style.Square-shapedRocking a strong jaw? Then your ideal frame shapes are round. The frames should be on the thin side to highlight your brow line. These Kylie 6 specs will be your saviour here.How to style them: Statement sleeves have taken over catwalks and the high streets everywhere, (thank-you Simone Rocha and DKNY), so own the trend with a crisp, sophisticated blouse, fitted trousers and a vintage-inspired pair of round specs.You can find out more about the new Kylie Minogue collection at Specsavers here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...'Florals for spring? Groundbreaking.'Sorry Miranda (aka Meryl Streep), but florals are definitely in this spring. Everywhere you look there are floral prints in loud colours; dotted tea dresses and pink-hued maxi dresses galore. When it comes to prints, florals get a grown-up reboot for spring, with ditzy digital prints being replaced with luxe, retro and embroidered alternatives.And there isn't showing any slowing for the case of the maxi dress, either, with longer versions of wrap dresses, tea dresses and off-the-shoulder dresses making a popular appearance as neighbours to their shorter counterparts.There is even a blend of the oh-so feminine florals and frills with a kick of androgyny: fashion is in a state of flux, and we're totally on board with it. Pairing the pretty dresses that have leg splits and frilly sleeves, with tough lace-up leather boots or casual trainers and a leather jacket, is what this season-blending, gender-bending style is about.Don't be afraid of frill detail and exaggerated sleeves, either - these trends are looking solid, and are great fun for experimental dressing. There really is no limits when it comes to layering - whether it's layering frills of fabric on sleeves, or t-shirts and roll-neck jumpers under a skimpy silver slip dress. This season is colourful, it's eclectic, it's bold and it's brave. Anything goes.Shop our edit of the best spring/summer dresses to buy now:Credit: TopshopRed Spot Midi Tea Dress, £49 from TopshopSpring Dresses - Grazia2of20Red Spot Midi Tea Dress, £49 from TopshopHanky Hem Floral Dress, £49 from TopshopFloral Ruffle Maxi Dress, £65 from TopshopLinen Blend Dress, £65 from & Other StoriesFloral Embroidered Dress, £99.90 from ZaraFaux Leather Pinafore Dress, £35.90 from ZaraFloral Print Dress, £25.99 from MangoFluted Hem Dress, £49.99 from MangoSlip Dress, £29.99 from H&MPleated Dress, £34.99 from H&MOff-The-Shoulder Dress, £19.99 from H&MPetar Petrov Asymmetric Striped Silk-Satin Midi Dress, £915 from Net-a-porterNeedle & Thread Flowerbed Ruffle-Trimmed Embroidered Tulle Mini Dress, £300 from Net-a-porterMAJE Ruffled Floral-Print Crepe Mini Dress, £250 from Net-a-porterGoen J Ruffled Cotton-Jersey Mini Dress, £350 from Net-a-porterSavannah Printed Maxi Dress, £119 from CoastJennifer Jacquard Dress, £95 fro CoastFloral Print Button Through Midi Dress, £42 from Miss SelfridgeStrip Cold Shoulder Dress, £32 from Miss SelfridgeWhite Floral Print Flare Hem Bodycon Dress, £27.99 from New LookREAD MORE: The 7 Spring/Summer Trends To Have On Your Radar NowREAD MORE: The Frill Of The Chase: The Best Ruffle Pieces To Buy Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yes, the catwalk is the traditional way to garner what’s set to hit the shelves this season. But every fashion month, photographers become further encapsulated by what’s happening outside of the shows instead.Be it New York, London, Milan or Paris - bloggers, fashion influencers and FROW favourites from far and wide don their finest clobber in honour of the biggest event in the calendar.So take sartorial inspiration from the street style set this season as we round up the trends you need on your radar next time you hit the shops.From piled-up pearls to pastel hued suits, these are the cult items you need to add to your wish list, asap:Pile on the pearls this SS17. They're fashion's new No.1 gem.The new neutral goes from strength to strength - we love this version from & Other Stories.White shoes are now officially normcore. If you haven't already taken the plunge, it's time to dive in.Simple but effective - tie your silk scarf around your bag handle or your wrist, in your hair or round your neck. Endless chic options!Your new spring uniform should include a pastel suit - wedding not needed.Wear your statement sleeves with tailored trousers and kitten heels for a great modern take on workwear.Smash and grab big, bold prints.Track pants are still A Thing. This season, pair them with your backless loafers, for an effortlessly cool look.The stripe is back - pin thin to deckchair, they look as fresh as spring.Look through the gallery below to shop the 9 trends:Khaki bag with pearl strap, £443.68 from Mother of Pearl at shopbop.comShop the street- Grazia2of19Khaki bag with pearl strap, £443.68 from Mother of Pearl at shopbop.comPrinted and pearl bag, £725, Gucci at matchesfashion.comPearl edge bag, £35.99, MangoAnimal print mid-heel shoes, £120, Carvela Kurt GeigerBlue print dress, £225 , Topshop UniqueWool sweater, £45, & Other StoriesWhite heeled mules, £25, ASOSIvory Heels, £480, TibiBag with scarf, £29.99, ZaraSilk scarf, £42, PinkoPink suit trousers, £485, Altuzarra at net-a-porter.comPink suit blazer, £1,015, Altuzarra at net-a-porter.comPuff sleeve blouse, £325, Rejina Pyo at brownsfashion.comRed shirt, £55, COSBlack track pants with green stripe, £270, Kenzo at harveynichols.comGold backless slipper, £75, DuneStriped shirt, £225, GanniRuffle striped shift dress, £45, Marks and Spencer)Patterned frilled blouse, £34.99, H&M)READ MORE: The Best Milan Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: The Best London Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: The Best New York Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Milan Fashion Week has been roaring on for five days now, and even though the shows have fully embraced the Italian tradition for glitz and glamour, the street style girls have not. Instead, the best-dressed women at MFW are looking surprisingly low-key. Unlike yesteryear when Anna Dello Russo would layer on peacocking pieces for the photographers, this season those getting shot have taken a more grounded (and dare we say practical) approach to their wardrobe. Think: flats and denim, cosy coats and oversized knits. Want to know how to make last year’s dungarees look street style worthy or those natty old trainers Pinteresting? Scroll on…Twinning tops and bottoms are nice, but we can all agree it's a bit 2000-and-late? Take cues from this showgoer and make a colour palette or pattern run from head-to-toe.A sliver of skin is all you need sex-up a boxy, oversized jacket. Veronika Heilbrunner's mom jeans and sneakers pop next to her scarlet shearling jacket. Top tip: when it's as cold as it is right now, only show the tiniest bit of tummy otherwise you risk catching pneumonia and looking a little try-hard.Here is solid proof that there is more life left in last year's dungarees. Rip their hem and open their seams and wear them with barely-laced stomp boots to look nearly as cool as Imaan Hammam.Own a pair of Yeezy-like sock boots? Stop wearing them with dresses and sweatpants STAT and team them with cargo pants. For starters, they make combats trousers a far sight more flattering. We love how this Milan Fashion Week goer has teamed her matt bottoms with a high-shine PVC jacket.It's actually a myth that camouflage makes you mould into the background. At least, that's the case with Binx Walton who stood out as one of the best dressed at MFW. Kudos to Binx for wearing her Gucci bumbag cross-body like all the It kids do these days.The lesson of the week: wear your trousers long, and your polo neck rolled up. Everything oversized is always comfy but rarely is it flattering and fashionable. Until now. Rather than baggy, make your jeans long and just deal with the muddy hems later as they will make your legs look like they go on for miles. And, skip the scarf in favour of an unravelled polo for at touch of MFW flavour.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrAshish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For Thought9 Things Under £9 You Need Before Milan Fashion Week StartsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Let’s start by stating the obvious: red carpet outfits are the best bit of any awards show, right? Jennifer Lawrence in Dior. Angelina Jolie’s right leg saying ‘hiya’ from beneath her Versace gown. Bjork dressed as a swan you swear you just walked past in Regent’s Park. But, while we’re gearing up for the biggest fashion show of the season – soz, Karl, we mean the Oscars, not Chanel – there are a whole bunch of secret deals going on behind the scenes between designers, stylists and even the celebs themselves.What, you didn’t really think the nominees end up in their chosen frock just because they think it’ll land them on the best-dressed list, did you? These monetary exchanges usually go down quietly – or are at least contained within their tight celebrity circles – but recent years have seen more stylists opening up about the less organic ways in which their girls end up paired with a dress.One of the most outspoken image makers is Jessica Paster, whose clients include Emily Blunt and Miranda Kerr. 'It’s prevalent across the board,' she said, during her appearance on a panel at Vulture Festival in 2015. 'Jewellery people are paying, shoe people are paying, tampon companies are paying, everyone is paying!' We’d be quite happy with some free tampons, thanks.However, Paster positioned the techniques as less of a bribe and more of the start of a beautiful working relationship between designer and their chosen celebrity. 'They're ambassadorships and you start relationships with [the brand], and then eventually the actress often does get a campaign from them because they have a relationship with her. I don't seek these things out, but I think you put the most beautiful dress on the girl and if you get paid that's a plus.'But just how much cash are we talking here? 'It could be just paying the stylist and we get anywhere between $30,000 to $50,000,' spilled Paster. 'Or it's paying the actress something between $100,000 and $250,000.' When you consider that every time an actress answers the question 'who are you wearing?' she could be pocketing that kind of additional income, it kind of shits all over movements like #askhermore, which encourages red carpet journalists to quiz female celebrities questions beyond their appearance.More recently, Elizabeth Saltzman – celebrity stylist and contributing editor of Vanity Fair – told Business Of Fashion, 'Whenever a brand says, "We don’t pay stylists," most of the time that’s just a load of B.S. Somebody pays somewhere.' Of course, Saltzman mentions that she would never put a client in a dress just because she was being paid, but that brokering deals can be beneficial to everyone involved.'Sometimes, if there’s no [studio] budget for my girl, I’ll approach a brand I have a relationship with and say, "Hey I have this person in this film and it’s tiny but it’s got a big nomination but no money — are you interested in being part of it?"' she explained. 'I would always try to get most for the client and then just make sure that all my bases were covered with some income.'So, with it transpiring that the Oscars red carpet is just another business deal between the worlds of fashion and celebrity, why the secrecy that surrounds these deals? We all know Kristen Stewart gets paid for Chanel campaigns, so what difference does it make if she also gets paid to rep them on the red carpet?Aside from further ruining the magic of Hollywood for us mere mortals, Fashion Police’s Brad Goreski - also speaking at Vulture Festival in 2015 - sums it up pretty well. 'Why do any of us need to know how they're making their money? It's not like they're trafficking drugs, they're being paid to wear a dress. So what?'If someone offered me $150,000 to show up in a beautiful custom made gown by X designer, I'd be like, "Where do I sign?!"' Now that we’d pay to see.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:A Statistical Study Of London Fashion Week BehaviourThe XXL-Sized Problem With Kylie Jenner’s ‘Thick' CollectionThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATFollow Jennifer on Twitter @barbiewritesThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The luxury market isn’t what it once was, and no one knows this better than Miuccia Prada. Last year the creative director of the Italian label was faced with shrinking sales in China and an international community reeling from political upheaval (cough Trump, cough Brexit). After shuttering stores and investing in their accessories line, Prada has finally seen their fortunes trickle in the right direction.Seeing the positive impact accessible, trend-led pieces had on sales, did Miuccia produce a more commercial collection for autumn winter 17? No. Instead, they doubled down on what the house does best: fashion for the forward-thinking feminist. Prada’s merchandisers may not be happy with Miuccia, but the style set was blown away by her mini manifesto.We were easily seduced by the gentle curves, feathers and mohair that defined the collection. Yeti snow boots may be a step too far for many, but the feminine flourishes like beaded knitted pencil skirts and fishtail dresses have us strung out.The house cited the recent women’s marches as inspiration, and you can see that directly trickle down to the collection in the form of man repelling colour combinations like chocolate brown and orange, burnt red tailoring and rebellious biker hats.This is a collection for women to wear, not to be objectified in. The crop tops and bra tops celebrate womanly curves rather than eyeing them up. This powerful message certainly shows Miuccia has got her groove back.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrAshish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For Thought9 Things Under £9 You Need Before Milan Fashion Week StartsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Before the internet was even around to be broken, Gianni Versace stopped the world in its tracks. The year was 1991, and Italian labels were on the top of their game with up-and-coming names like Dolce & Gabbana, Armani and Valentino dominating the style press’ headlines. But, it was Versace that created a seminal, era-defining moment.Moving away from the classic formula of a single model sauntering towards the waiting, hungry pit of photographers and then back, Versace sent out his models in packs during his autumn winter '91 show. Like an army's battalion, long-legged women with bouncy blow drys sauntered down the catwalk in twos, threes and in the final twist a group of four arm-in-arm. To the uplifting beat of George Michael’s Freedom Linda Evangelista, Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell, and Christy Turlington with linked elbows twirled down the catwalk smiling, laughing and pouting. Gianni’s clever twist on the fashion show format was actually a reprise of Michael’s video which the four women starred in. From that day forth Versace was crystallised in the collective style psyche long before Instagram existed to document the moment.‘That Versace show when me, Linda, Christy, and Naomi all came out together’, Cindy Crawford said in an interview with V Magazine, ‘We had just done the George Michael video, Freedom, and it was playing at the show...George Michael was in the front row, and we came out skipping and holding hands. It felt like all the stars had aligned.’Gianni can be credited with producing one of the first modern runway shows. He thrust the phenomenon into the public eye, taking it from a small, cliquey press and buyers event into a front page-worthy spectacle. He created a space where musicians, movie stars and models mingled.Models as celebrities wasn’t a new concept – Twiggy and Jean Shrimpton catapulted the industry into mainstream consciousness some 20 years earlier – but it was Gianni who created the ‘supermodel’ phenomenon. Before the waif, heroin-chic look of the mid-'90s took hold, the ‘supers’ with their Amazonia height, athletic curves and classical good looks were the look of the time. At the peak of their fame, in 1990, Linda Evangelista spelt out to Vogue the price of their demand, saying, ‘We don’t wake up for less than $10,000 a day’.‘That was a fun time to be a model.’ Cindy also told V, ‘It was a lot of focus on fashion and how all those worlds were colliding. MTV was bringing music and fashion and television together. It just felt really fun, and we were all really busy and really making money.’At first, the concept of being a supermodel seemed ludicrous to her, ‘I found [that term] silly. What, do we change into capes and tights in phone booths? But with anything, the more you hear it, the more it seeps into your language. What it means to me is that before us models were more two-dimensional—mostly nameless faces on magazine covers.‘We were the tipping point. Some girls before us, like Twiggy and Lauren Hutton, were making the shift. But what was unique about our group was that there were five of us and we were all very different but looked good together.’Notably, this all changed when the stock market crashed months later, and the economy waned. When the times got tough this high glam fabulosity no longer sat right. As the music gained momentum, hip hop and grunge trickled onto the catwalks. Out went the healthy-looking curves of the supers and in strutted the svelte, elfin looks of Kate Moss. The irony that Gianni was the bridge between the music and modelling world was lost on no one. But, he too went on to change the type of women he cast and designed for.Now, over 15 years later, Instagram and Tumblr are littered with runway pictures from this seminal show. If pictures speak 1000 words, then consider us (pleasingly) deafened by this fashion moment.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrAshish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For Thought9 Things Under £9 You Need Before Milan Fashion Week StartsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Shopping ethically is a journey, not a destination. The first step is figuring out what ethical fashion actually is. The next is to think about altering your shopping habits based on what you now know.Some people get stuck at that step forever, and it’s easy to understand why.  Some of us (me!) love shopping, especially on the high street. Looking good on the outside can make you feel great on the inside, for better or worse. You don’t just go cold turkey on that kind of addiction without serious withdrawal.But for true fashionistas, ethical shopping presents just another sartorial challenge with a big pay off. If you continue down the path, you’ll find unique style that makes you look and feel even better inside and out, knowing you’ve made good choices that don’t harm people or the planet.There are some myths about ethical shopping that are just plain untrue. Let’s bust them before we go further:We all have a hemp horror story from our youth (right? Mine was a hooded hemp poncho). In days of yore, ethical fashion was all ethnic prints and billowy skirts, but no longer! Some of the most exciting and innovative brands and designers (like Reformation and Zady) are not adding ethical lines to their collections, but they have been ethical from day one. Don’t resign yourself to the worst-dressed list. Ethical fashion is the place to be.I hear a lot, especially from people just starting out in their careers, that they’d love to shop ethically but can’t afford it.It’s true that unless you are buying secondhand (which by the way is very ethical) you won’t find an ethical brand that reaches Primark level low prices (more on them in a bit). The model of fast fashion is to produce clothes quickly and cheaply. Ethical brands who usually have smaller production runs and longer timetables do tend to cost a bit more.However, ethical shopping isn’t as expensive as you might think. People Tree, one of the pioneers of ethical fashion movement, is reasonably priced and has great sales. And Birdsong is a London-based brand that sources their lovely products from women’s groups.Ethical garments will often last longer; sometimes in the long run, it’s cheaper to buy a quality piece of clothing.In our busy lives, convenience is king – and for the most part, shopping ethically takes more of the one thing we have so little of: time. While online ethical shops abound, (Reve En Vert , The Acey), if you like to try things on, you have to work harder to find ethical shops near you.Never fear; we can help with that too. We’ve outlined a few great London spots on my app Not My Style (like The Keep in Brixton, 69B in Broadway Market and East End Thrift Store). Charity shops have also upped their game in recent years, and can be the site of great finds.High street brands have made strides in the past decade to understand who makes their clothes and treat them more fairly. However, the complex nature of international supply chains, and the reliance on outsourced production, means that guarantees that your clothes were made ethically are not possible.For lovers of the high street though, it’s not all doom and gloom. Some brands are making more of an effort to share information about who makes our clothes than others. While transparency with consumers doesn’t necessarily mean a brand is more ethical, sharing more information makes it easier for us as shoppers to make decisions ourselves.Of the 105 brands we rated on Not My Style, 25% don’t share a single scrap of information on where our clothes are made or what kind of policies they have in place to ensure fair wages or prevent things like child labour on their websites. That’s embarrassing.Others rise to the top of the high street pack. Although our ratings change based on when stores release new information, we have 21 green-rated brands who are sharing not just policies, but the active steps they are taking to address challenging issues, like joining industry-wide monitoring schemes, or partnering with NGOs that protect workers. Our green brands include H&M, Cos, Primark (shocked? Don’t be. They’ve come a long way.), Gap, Zara (sighs of relief go up around the nation), M&S, and a few others (find the full list here).  While those brands don’t really qualify by most definitions of “ethical” fashion, we applaud their efforts to share more in the quest to do better.Whether your first step is buying from your first ethical shop, or just asking more questions about what you buy – just take it. The journey is worth it.READ MORE: Ethical Fashion: How To Shop With A Clear ConscienceREAD MORE: Emma Watson's Favourite Ethical Fashion Brands You've Never Heard Of© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Here’s the thing: we’re bored to death of wearing our jeans day in, day out, but we’re also way too cold to take them off. Which is where the fashion set’s latest styling hack comes in – and it’s as simple as, well, putting on a pair of tights. Or rather, layering a pair of fishnet tights under your favourite jeans. Sounds peculiar, we’ll admit, but this is a great way to update distressed denim – and how often can you buy into a trend for only four quid?Depending on how much fishnet you’ll be flashing, experiment with different gauges – think finer nets on bare ankles, or super-spaces out whale nets if you’re braving ripped knees. Kendall and model Romee Strijd have gone one further, letting their fishnet waistband show over the top of their jeans, but please note, this is extreme fishing: only to be attempted if you’ve got washboard abs to rival these two Victoria’s Secret girls. Since our January detox didn’t quite go to plan, we’ll be skipping the ab section and wearing our nets with cropped blue jeans and loafers for outre ankles. Ready? Then let’s go fishing…Fishnets, £11, CalzedoniaFishnets - Grazia2of7Fishnets, £11, CalzedoniaCrossover-tie suede pumps, £420, Aquazurra at matchesfashion.comDistressed high-rise, light blue denim jeans, £260, 3x1 at net-a-porter.comBlack fishnet tights, £11, NextFishnet ankle sock, £4, TopshopBlack jeans with fringe hem, £42, TopshopWhite leather shoes, £49.99, ZaraREAD MORE: The Beret Is BackREAD MORE: 5 Reasons We All Want To Dress Like Selena Gomez RNREAD MORE: Let Dorothy Be Your Style Muse This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As Heidi Klum famously put it in Project Runway, 'in the fashion world one day you’re in...the next day you're out!’ And, she was right. Every six months designers debut new collections professing new trends, new it items and the latest muse. So, after seasons of serene Céline simplicity and Scandinavian minimalism, the territory has shifted. The wheels have turned, and the fashion set has moved on. It’s all about elevating the ‘ugly’ and reconsidering ‘bad taste’. How else do you think Christopher Kane got away with putting fur-lined Crocs on the catwalk or Vetements managed to show at Paris’ Couture Fashion Week a velour collaboration with Juicy. Yesterday, Gucci showed a collection that posed a significant question: is being a vulgar such a bad thing?This query was posed by Alessandro Michele, the mastermind behind Gucci’s latest autumn winter 17 collection. With political persuasions playing a dominant role in both New York and London Fashion Week, we expected it to spill into Milan where Italy only three months earlier had voted on their own political reforms and EU referendum. Michele who, since assuming the creative lead role at the label, has been busy delivering intellectual, self-aware collections. His inspirations are always varied - from Renaissance paintings to his mate Jared Leto, to contemporary graffiti artists. So, it is little wonder that he took bad taste signifiers, mixed them with Academy Awards-ready glitz and 17th Century Chinoiserie to show the division where taste intersects with class, clothes and wealth. He shone a light on how the privileged scorn and then appropriate working-class symbols. The result was innately political without being scrawled with anti-trump slogans.Vitaly, on the runway, vulgar ideas became high-end. Through references that will make his Asian customers happy and the Hollywood set excited to walk the red carpet, he used luxury fabrics and finishings to elevated bright, lurid colours and reevaluated magpie crystals. Dazzling second skin bodysuits became high art and crystal encrusted nails the definition of luxury. Alessandro took stonewashed denim cut-offs to a new place and made logo-print leggings an acceptable accompaniment to a tailored skirt suit. Wrestling belts and Royal Tenenbaum-twinged headbands, along with 80s exercise bodies worthy of Jane Fonda became runway-approved. Eyewear took on ungainly proportions or was licked with diamante and looked radically ‘80s, like they were nicked from Tron's costume department.This wasn’t Gucci’s first show to include both men’s and women’s fashion, but it was the largest with nearly 100 looks. This in itself was a significant and potent shift for the house who only up until very recently kept its collections restrictedly gender-normative. For aw17 the label collaborated with rising artist Coco Capitán. The photographer scrawled in a new handwriting font over Alessandro’s work philosophical phrases like, ‘Common sense is not so common’ and, ‘Tomorrow is now yesterday.’ It was symbolic of how subtly political, yet overarchingly pretty show the actually was.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:A Statistical Study Of London Fashion Week BehaviourThe XXL-Sized Problem With Kylie Jenner’s ‘Thick' CollectionThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STAT**Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I have a theory, should you choose to believe it, that you can rise to the upper echelons of street style stardom through the skilful deployment of a few simple, albeit incredibly sassy, items. Namely: a statement coat (the bigger, the better) and a stellar pair of sunnies (the kookier, the better).Armed with both aforementioned accoutrements (one: my candy-coloured sheepskin coat, the other: some glasses I customised especially for the occasion and am, subsequently, nuts about), I intended on taking my hypothesis to the streets of London Fashion Week, delivering a first-hand account of my findings. Will I get photographed? Who am I kidding – of course I will! I wonder what front page I’ll be on. The Metro, perhaps? God, I hope it doesn’t rain. I’ll look like a drowned rat. Correction: sheep. Will Anna Dello Russo be there? Will she compliment my outfit? Probably. I bet she’ll ask for a photo with me. Classic, Anna.But then news spread that PETA had turned up at LFW, megaphones and all, and images of Samantha Jones being doused in red paint ran rampant through my mind.I changed course. Sat on my bed, with my sunnies firmly affixed to my cranium and my sheepskin coat draped over my shoulders (I’m so method). I mentally bemoaned the missed Anna Dello Russo photo ops that would surely send my career catapulting, while firing off emails to some experts. Is street style formulaic? What methods do fashion folk deploy, if any? Do people attend with the hopes of being papped? What are the photogs looking for in an outfit? How the fuck do you end up in a Vogue photo gallery? I asked, they answered.‘Street style for me is exactly what it says on the box. Style shot on the street.’ Meet Amanda, editor of Fashion Fix Daily who is no stranger to street style galleries herself. I quizzed her on the getting ready process. Do you put in more legwork when it comes to Fashion Week? ‘I think anyone would be lying if they said they didn't think about what they would be wearing to fashion week. I look at it like I would any event, you want to look your best when going to a wedding so why not when you go to LFW?’Mirroring Amanda’s thought-train is blogger and fellow Fashion Fix Daily editor, Betty, herself no stranger to a street style gallery: ‘I plan my outfits just as I would if I was going on holiday or out somewhere nice, while also taking into consideration the weather and general comfort levels. I've learnt the hard way that comfort is key at LFW, but as a day-to-day mood dresser pre-planning the day after tomorrow's outfit can be a hellish task! I try and use pieces I know I feel good in and go from there.’So you’ve decked yourself out in your most exceptional finery, applying wedding-guest levels of planning, and you’re psyched to hit those famous cobbles. (You should be psyched, you look ACE.) Will you have a lens pointed at you? Who knows. Oh wait, this guy does! Cue photographer Miles Drury, dishing the fashion dirt. So to speak.‘The best shots I manage to capture seem to consist of colour.’ We’re listening, Miles… ‘That is not to say dark and monochrome looks don’t work, it just sometimes comes down to personal preference. Bright colours against the city buildings and pavements always look strong.’In short: the bolder, the better. Lucky for you, you’re wearing head-to-toe yellow. You’re the brightest you could possibly be! Miles is pointing his camera right at you, WHAT DO YOU DO?! Answer: don’t pose.‘I enjoy my more candid shots than the posed shots. I think this comes down to how the clothes fall in a more natural manor in candid shots making the overall outcome feel more relatable and fresh. For me, an outfit shot just as someone gets out of a car for a show or someone waiting to enter the venue looks so much better than a posed one.’Finally, is there a secret recipe to street style success? And does my theory hold up? Betty seems to think so: ‘One singular statement piece really is all you need to nail the street style aesthetic. That one thing that everyone will want to know where the hell you got it or how they can wear it too, that's the secret to street style.’ Amanda, too: ‘I’m drawn to statement pieces and I think they can make a standard outfit something extraordinary. One coat or hat can transform an outfit and a pair of extravagant sunnies adds an air of mystery; it's like catnip to photographers!’And does the photographer agree? ‘I am fully behind this. Street style is not about showing off what you have in your wardrobe, it is just about nailing simplicity and getting across your look and personality, whether that be a bold coat or some class sunglasses.’ It’s Miles Drury certified: great glasses are your gateway to LFW success.Armed with this knowledge, and – let’s be real – your already exquisite taste in clothing, I fully expect to see you in Vogue’s street style archives next season. You are WELCOME!Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Ashish’s Anti-Trump Sequins Made LFW Collectively Pause For ThoughtA Statistical Study Of London Fashion Week BehaviourThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATFollow Daisy on Instagram @pieandfashThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Pathetic’, ‘Desperate’, ‘Note to bloggers who change head-to-toe, paid-to-wear outfits every hour: please stop. Find another business. You are heralding the death of style.’These were some of the choice words that were flung about by four American Vogue.com editors back in September last year in an online article which was meant to be a discussion about the shows in Milan. They weren’t words that were directed at me per se. And yet, as a seasoned fashion blogger looking back at 10 years of this to-and-fro uneasy relationship between the print and digital worlds, something snapped.Upon the publication of the article, I intuitively retaliated in a series of tweets that pointed out the hypocrisy of such comments, which are ultimately counterproductive to a fashion landscape, that has changed irreparably. Cue a brief yet intense media storm of opinion pieces from the likes of David Mitchell and Giles Coren on what was perceived to be a bitchy fight between blogger v editor, with other high-profile fashion bloggers and influencers similarly weighing in with their own opinions and a hub of discussion among editors and showgoers that continued on into Paris Fashion Week.With some distance between that fracas a few months back and the optimistic beginnings of a new year, I can finally reflect and reason in more than 140-character bursts. It’s somewhat of a cathartic exercise to extract the negative connotations away from the role of a fashion blogger. Or digital content creators. Or influencers. That last tag raises eyebrows and, admittedly, isn’t where I saw the path of fashion blogging winding up at, when I started Style Bubble a decade ago. And yet, despite my own misgivings over the authenticity and commercial monetisation, on the part of what American law professor and author Tim Wu refers to as ‘attention merchants’, there’s an ultimate ray of positivity that can’t be diminished. The way we – and by we, I mean anyone with an internet connection and a device – get to participate and interact with fashion has changed fundamentally for the better.The trajectory from bedroom blogging to the Instagram influencer of today goes something like this. Fashion bloggers 1.0 like myself, Bryanboy and Scott Schuman of The Sartorialist found our niches in the mid-noughties, interacting with like-minded communities and egging each other on in our sideline blogging ambitions. It felt renegade to write, take photos of ourselves and represent fashion in the way that we liked, for a growing audience that was beginning to splinter off from reading mainstream print media. Not long after, brands began to cotton on to the cachet of these lone voices. Thus began a rapid spiral where bloggers were thrust into the spotlight, profiled in the media and integrated into the fashion industry with their increased presence on the FROW and their increasingly overt commercial alliance with fashion brands.The relationship between mainstream print media and fashion blogging also began its own up-and-down flirtation, with one borrowing from the other in order to up the digital ante. I was fortunate enough to work for style title Dazed as commissioning editor of their website, but the truth is those positions and opportunities are few and far between. It’s no wonder that influencers – the girls parading outside fashion shows – have multiplied at a rabid rate. It’s their ability to create their content freely on easy-to-access platforms with a potential rate of return which is alluring.Today the business of fashion blogging is an industry in itself, evident in the number of agencies representing an ever-growing gaggle of influencers (blogger is so 2006...), with set rate cards that dictate a fee per sponsored Instagram post or tweet from every willing brand. The more followers you have, the higher the earning potential, with the upper tier of bloggers such as Chiara Ferragni of The Blonde Salad or Aimee Song @songofstyle, with their millions of followers, commanding upto $50,000 an Instagram post.The kudos for brands is measurable and favourable. According to a recent retail conference in New York, 92 percent of consumers look to social media to influence their shopping decisions, while some influencers claim that one Snapchat post could shift $20,000 worth of merchandise for a skincare brand. On a more intangible level, it’s the personal experiences of these influencers that add an alternative spin to what is essentially advertising and sponsored content. These individuals are opening up windows into aspirational lifestyles that feel relatable – and that has garnered its own commercial worth.The point I made in my quick-fire tweets is that today, there is little to differentiate between the business model of a print publication and that of an influencer, excepting the fact that often these women (and a few men) represent themselves solely, taking on the role of editor-in-chief, art director, stylist, model, sometimes photographer and writer into a multitasking one-person show, building mini empires from scratch. A handful have become brands, with clothing and accessories lines, adding designer and creative director to their bows.The days of an elect group of power players in an ivory tower dictating hemlines are over. Let’s celebrate the fact that at the click of a heart-shaped icon, you can propel unexpected fashion capitals, independent designers and alternative style movementsI would be lying if I said I’ve never been critical of the commercial aspect of fashion blogging, in so much that it has possibly created homogenisation in the type of influencer that rises to the top. This cream of the Instagram crop can sometimes ring hollow when you’re scrolling through post after post of sponsored content. In considering partnerships with brands, ‘synergy’ is something I have to think about in order to maintain control over content. There’s also the enjoyment factor – writing a blog post or creating images for socials for the pure satisfaction of the task, is something I always want to hold on to.Despite the commercialisation of fashion blogging, I would still celebrate the movement as a positive whole. From the privileged women running million- dollar blogging empires to anyone getting started with Instagram and YouTube channels – it’s all contributed to a diversification and democratisation in the ways we’re inspired to dress and express ourselves. When you hap across blogging voices that up representation of different ethnicities, social backgrounds and body sizes in fashion, it’s a fist-pumping moment of progress that wouldn’t have existed if the internet hadn’t come along. When a blogger with a penchant for rainbow-coloured hair and My Little Pony pastel clothes can garner thousands of likes on Instagram, she’s empowering others to step outside of their style boxes. When people buy a voluminous-sleeved dress as seen on Leandra Medine of Man Repeller, it’s a style decision that might not have happened if they had seen it in print. It’s the encouragement of people trying fashion on for size and using it as a means of expression that I take heart from.On a personal level, with my modest – in the ‘super blogger’ context – 323k Instagram followers (not that I’m counting...), this numbers game hasn’t worn me down. Because I’ve been lucky enough to enjoy a decade of exploring fashion on my own terms. I’ve been able to see fashion in all its glory, travelling to far-flung destinations to find style scenes springing up everywhere from New Delhi to Mexico City. I’ve seen the rise of many talented designers from the beginning of their careers, and I supported their work by putting my money where my mouth is and not just writing about it, but wearing it too. It still gives me satisfaction when a reader buys an item or a store decides to stock a designer because of my blog.And despite the fact that today I’m fortunate enough to attend fashion shows and events as both a blogger and a writer for print publications, that feeling of being an outsider peering in will never quite disappear. I will always remember those early days of queuing to see Gareth Pugh’s first shows in London. Onlookers probably lobbed thoughts of ‘pathetic’ and ‘desperate’ at me back then. They might still do today. I wear the badge of fashion blogger with pride because I wouldn’t have been able to work in fashion the way I have done in the last 10 years without taking that initial leap of faith in putting myself out there online.Looking at the bigger picture, this ongoing frosty impasse between the old guard and the new wave is irrelevant in the wider scheme of things. The reader, the consumer or the fashion lover out there will be the real decider. Their choices in how they wish to be inspired have never been broader. We – the magazines, the editors, the influencers – are all conduits of information, selling fashion’s lofty ideas and fantasies, as well as tangible clothes to get excited about in that particular moment. How and where that process happens will continue to evolve. The days of an elect group of power players in an ivory tower dictating hemlines are over. Let’s celebrate the fact that at the click of a heart-shaped icon, you can propel unexpected fashion capitals, independent designers and alternative style movements and bring about changes that make the fashion world a constantly compelling one.READ MORE: Meet The Model Of The Moment Adwoa AboahREAD MORE: Why Instagram Live Is Set To Be The Biggest Trend At London Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...In case you needed another reason to shop: Milan Fashion Week is coming. From the films to the fashion, Italy is pure glamour. It has the big D’s – Dolce & Gabbana and La Dolce Vita – running through the country’s veins. On Tuesday (22nd) the fashion set will touch down for star-studded shows like Moschino’s, Versace’s and Prada’s. But if, like us, your invites got lost in the post, get in the mood with the most handbag-sized scents, air-kiss ready lip glosses and handbag-sized sugary treats that will fast track you to the home of pizza and Pucci.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:7 times Yeezy’s Season 5 Proved Kanye Is A New Man 9 Things Under £9 You Need In Your Life For London Fashion WeekThe XXL-Sized Problem With Kylie Jenner's 'Thick' CollectionFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There is no better exposure for a brand or designer than Kate Middleton personally endorsing one of your pieces.  Ever since Kate was thrust into the spotlight when she began dating Prince William, her outfit choices have been poured over and endlessly copied. When Kate wears something, people want to buy it, and the so called ‘Kate Effect’ has caused numerous pieces - whether it’s Mulberry, LK Bennett or Zara - to sell out, almost instantly.But for one designer, the ‘Kate Effect’ didn’t bring prosperity in the way you might imagine.Cast your minds back to 2010 and Kate and William’s engagement announcement. Kate wore a royal blue wrap dress from a little known brand called Issa, and as the images of the couple were beamed around the world, phones at the London studio of designer, Daniella Helayel didn’t stop ringing. Neiman Marcus immediately places a 1,100 order, and celebrities including  Scarlett Johansson, Keira Knightley and Jennifer Lopez went on to wear the label.However, the brand disappeared a few years later, and in a new interview with The Daily Mail, Helayel has revealed how Kate’s famous Issa moment caused the brand serious trouble.At the time of the Duchess’ engagement, Helayel had just 25 staff members and three pattern cutters and was "on the verge of financial crisis.” And Helayel has no warning that her design was to be worn on the world stage."We didn’t have a TV at the studio and this was pre-Instagram, but we soon knew Kate was wearing Issa because at four o’clock the phones began ringing and didn’t stop. It was bonkers," Helayel told The Daily Mail.The dress sold out in five minutes and as the pre-orders rolled in, the trouble started."From the day of the royal engagement our sales doubled. I didn’t have the money to finance production on that scale. The bank refused to give me credit, and the factory was screaming for me to pay its bills. I needed an investor,"  Helayel explained.Although the brand did receive external investment and appointed a new CEO, the stress was too much for Helayel and she quit the business."I felt so stressed that my hair went white and started falling out. I was broken by the end of it. I had a great business, which I’d built up on my own over a decade. To watch it evaporate was heartbreaking,”  Helayel said.Nevertheless, after a two year break from designing and the fashion world, Helayel is back with a brand new line, Dhela.We can’t wait to see more of what is to come.READ MORE: Kate Middleton's Best Fashion MomentsREAD MORE: 35 Reasons Why There's Only One Kate MiddletonREAD MORE: Every Time Kate Middleton Has Repeated An Outfit© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Roksanda Ilincic paid tribute to her friend and the late fashion designer Richard Nicoll in her Autumn Winter 2017 show at London Fashion Week, by incorporating the ‘Nicoll Blue’ pantone shade created in his memory.Friends and family of Richard Nicoll, who tragically passed away at age 39 due to a heart attack last October, collaborated with Pantone Institute to develop a colour in his honour – a soft blue to commemorate his use of blue in his collections.‘Richard was a designer whose talent and character inspired all around him,’ said fashion writer Sarah Mower. ‘He registered his affinity for the spectrum of blues hundreds of times in the collections he showed in London.The Nicoll Blue shade was used in the run-up to this year’s London Fashion Week, where it was the colour used on the entrance to the British Fashion Council’s showspace.Friend of the designer Roksanda Illinic then paid tribute to Nicoll by using the blue shade throughout her Autumn Winter 2017 show.'The visual presence of Nicoll Blue through the main fashion week venue is a way to remember and celebrate the great London friend and to convert our respects and eternal gratitude to his family,’ said Sarah Mower.READ MORE: Simone Rocha Casts Older Models In London Fashion Week ShowREAD MORE: Teatum Jones Casts Disabled Models To Open LFW© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Maybe it was because there were fewer shows on the schedule than usual . Or, maybe it is because the vague concepts of clean eating, mindfulness and wellness have taken hold of the industry, but this February’s London Fashion Week had a distinctively different atmosphere.For starters, the five-day affair had a new venue, 180 The Strand, which could have had something to do with it. Secondly, it was marred by anti-fur protests. But, with my investigative journalist hat on, I wanted to dig a little deeper. In the name of research, I conducted a totally non-scientific statistical study of LFW autumn/winter 2017 behaviour. I asked a handful of show goers from all aspects of the industry – from celebrity to influencer, intern to writer – to see if the glamour has finally gone from LFW? By and large, people opted for coffee instead of champagne and took the tube instead of a taxi on the work card and left the heels at home. With Brexit looming, there was a lot less swag that usual. However, there is one thing on the rise: Instagram addiction. Check out the results for yourself...How many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? TwoHow many blisters do you have? TwoHow many free drinks have you had? Four, plus a juiceHow many fags have you had this fashion week? ZeroHow many shows and presentations have you attended? Four so farHow many parties have you attended? Three, I’m planning to go to one a nightHow much free swag have you got? I got a hug from Hello Kitty backstage at Ryan Lo – does that count?What have you actually eaten today? Two pizza slicesHow many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media? 20How many pictures didn’t make the cut? More than I can countHow many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? FiveHow many blisters do you have? Two – one on each footHow many free drinks have you had? Three glasses of wine and one tequilaHow many fags have you had this fashion week? Zero, I don’t smokeHow many shows and presentations have you attended? I only got here yesterday so three showsHow many parties have you attended? ThreeHow much free swag have you got? I got a free stay at Blakes hotel if I promised to Tweet about themWhat have you actually eaten today? A lot of chicken!How many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media? FourHow many pictures didn’t make the cut? ZeroHow many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? ZeroHow many blisters do you have? ZeroHow many free drinks have you had? SixHow many fags have you had this fashion week? ZeroHow many shows and presentations have you attended? 16 showsHow many parties have you attended? TwoHow much free swag have you got? I got gifted eight pieces from Rokit VintageWhat have you actually eaten today? Two bags of ProppercornHow many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media? 100How many pictures didn’t make the cut? 100How many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? ZeroHow many blisters do you have?  ZeroHow many free drinks have you had? Eight, if you don’t include a coffeeHow many fags have you had this fashion week? Only fiveHow many shows and presentations have you attended? Between 25 and 30How many parties have you attended? ZeroHow much free swag have you got? One Mac strobe highlighter from Charlotte OlympiaWhat have you actually eaten today? Two side salads and one slice of Victoria SpongeHow many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media? ThreeHow many pictures didn’t make the cut? 100How many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? OneHow many blisters do you have? Zero and proudHow many free drinks have you had? OneHow many fags have you had this fashion week? ZeroHow many shows and presentations have you attended? OneHow many parties have you attended?  ZeroHow much free swag have you got? ZeroWhat have you actually eaten today? Nothing yet :/How many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media?  ZeroHow many pictures didn’t make the cut? NoneHow many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? ZeroHow many blisters do you have? ZeroHow many free drinks have you had? A bottle of waterHow many fags have you had this fashion week? ZeroHow many shows and presentations have you attended? OneHow many parties have you attended? OneHow much free swag have you got? OneWhat have you actually eaten today? Nothing so farHow many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media?  One videoHow many pictures didn’t make the cut? ZeroHow many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? ZeroHow many blisters do you have? ZeroHow many free drinks have you had? One waterHow many fags have you had this fashion week? ZeroHow many shows and presentations have you attended? FiveHow many parties have you attended? ZeroHow much free swag have you got? None :’(What have you actually eaten today? Nothing yetHow many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media?  FiveHow many pictures didn’t make the cut? 1000How many Ubers have you taken this fashion week? TwoHow many blisters do you have? So far, zeroHow many free drinks have you had? TwoHow many fags have you had this fashion week? FourHow many shows and presentations have you attended? Four so far todayHow many parties have you attended? OneHow much free swag have you got? ZeroWhat have you actually eaten today? Yoghurt, sandwich and some juiceHow many pictures, videos or Boomerangs have you uploaded to social media? A few pics on Instagram stories and one actual pictureHow many pictures didn’t make the cut? God, hundredsLike this? Then you might also be interested in:7 times Yeezy’s Season 5 Proved Kanye Is A New Man9 Things Under £9 You Need In Your Life For London Fashion Week12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With the political world currently swilling a right-leaning tonic, voting for Brexit and electing Donald Trump, many predicted London Fashion Week to reflect this. However, by and large this hasn’t been the case. There’s been the odd ‘woke’ slogan, such as Ashley Williams’ ‘Save The Planet’ dress. And, pertinent song choice – looking at you, Fashion East with your Green Day playlist. That was, until Monday night when Ashish Gupta presented an enlightened autumn/winter 17 collection.Last season, Ashish found himself marred by controversy for dressing his white models in Afro wigs. Six months later, it seems he’s newly engaged and is using his platform to make a point. His message was loudly and clearly that love trumps all. The first clue came in the form of the invite, which was an iridescent pack of stickers pricked with hearts. Then came the mantras. On his signature sequin base, he refused to mince his words, spelling out ‘More Glitter Less Twitter’ on a black top worn over a checkerboard shirt. Atop a rainbow striped tee was stamped: ‘Love Sees No Colour’. A mini dress patterned with a fox caught in the headlights read, ‘Stay Woke’. Loud applause erupted when one corpulent leather daddy in a biker hat and mini sequin shorts walked out wearing a pale blue t-shirt with the words, ‘Why Be Blue When You Can Be Gay!’ written large across the front.When the collection wasn’t engaging with 140 characters of controversy, it was an elegy to stripes. The clothes oscillated between with deck-chair, Rugby, Breton and chevron bands in rainbow colours. It is also touched upon alpine notes, tracksuit silhouettes and American sports.The above pieces were part of the Ashish Gupta x Major League Baseball exclusive collection. Bomber jackets and shorts were scribed with the famous logos of the Dodgers and The Chicago Cubs. They made a subtle but effective point that sports fans stick together, regardless of race or nationality, through thick and thin. They never give up, they keep the faith, and they unite in adversity, which are all important lessons and qualities to aim towards in both sports and politics.Like This? You Might Also Be Interested In...Every Single Thing We Want Rn From The Ashley Williams AW17 ShowPolitics And Fashion Go Together Better Than You ThinkThere's One Thing The Next Editor Of Vogue Needs To Fix, StatFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The colour-pop jackets, power-suits and paps are out. Yes, London Fashion Week is well and truly underway, with Grazia’s eyes firmly fixed on the best-dressed celebrities on the front rows at Burberry, J.W Anderson and Roksanda...Of course our favourite Brit girl gang and BFFs Pixie Geldof and Daisy Lowe kicked off proceedings on Friday, to support their designer pal Ashley Williams. While Lowe opted for a classic pink skirt and white tee combo, Geldof rocked her signature ‘90s look in one of Williams’ ‘Extra Terrestrial’ jumpers.Top model and body confidence campaigner, Iskra Lawrence, is fast becoming the fashion star to know, seen mingling this season with Poppy Jamie at Teatum Jones to sitting FROW-side at DAKs with McFly's Dougie Poynter and singer Tallia Storm. Note to self: Red lipstick + blue jumpsuit + metallic trench = always a good look.Sure, the biggest names and fashion influencers in the industry attend LFW (Alexa Chung, Kate Moss and Anna Wintour attending each season). But we love keeping an eye on the ones-to-watch, too. This AW17 rising-actors from Sing Street star Lucy Boynton to 16-year-old Isobelle Molloy are the new names you need to know. Meanwhile Select’s latest recruit, Mariah Idrissi, the first hijab-wearing model to be signed to a major modelling agency, made her Fashion Week FROW debut this season.Scroll through our gallery below for our pick of the best-dressed front row attendees from London Fashion Week…One-to-watch Lucy Boynton attends the Bora Aksu show. LFW AW17 front row - Grazia 2of25One-to-watch Lucy Boynton attends the Bora Aksu show. FROW fixture Amber Le Bon looked pretty in pink at Bora Aksu Pretty pastels? Romantic ruffles? We want the Eleanor Tomlinson’s floaty mini-dress dress immediatelyBuddy up: BFFs Daisy Lowe and Pixie Geldof attend their pal Ashley Williams showDJ and all-round cool girl Chelsea Leyland attends the Ashley Williams show, nailing SS17’s print and colour-blocking trendMariah Idrissi - the first hijab-wearing model to sign to major modelling agency - goes for sports luxe at the Ones To Watch show.Blonde ambition? Most definitely. Model and body campaigner posed up a storm with presenter and accessories designer Poppy Jamie at Teatum Jones’ showSinger Ella Eyre rocks a red number and knee-high boots at Paul Costello’s showPresenter Lilah Parsons gives us all a lesson in transeasonal dressing at the DAKS show during LFWFrom L-R: Dougie Poynter, Talia Storm, Betty Bachz and Iskra Lawrence attend the DAKS show The ‘It’ crowd: Chelsea Leyland, Tallulah Harlech, teen social media star Joanna Kuchta and Mariah Idrissi on the Ashley Williams front rowNicola Roberts wearing the best '70s flares we've ever seen at the House Of Holland show, with Ella Eyre. The NY-LON crew:  Olivia Palermo, Derek Blasberg and Alexa Chung attend the Emilia Wickstead showDaisy Lowe and Lottie Moss on the VERSUS front rowActor and former Burberry model Jamie Campbell Bower was in good company on the VERSUS front row with model girlfriend Matilda Lowther and Jourdan DunnGiving their best you-can't-sit-with-us face... Alice Dellal, Noomi Rapace, Dua Lipa and Alice Dellal at the VERSUS showHenry Holland's legion of fans on the FROW: Agyness Deyn, Kate Bosworth, Daisy Lowe, Pixie Geldof and Clara PagetEllie Bamber attended the Markus Lupfer presentation in a floral pyjama style suit. Nicola Roberts attended the Markus Lupfer presentation in a kitsch printed shirt dress. We're seriously on the hunt for a pyjama style get-up like this asap.FROW regular Olivia Palermo donned a shirt with supersized sleeves and tassle trousers to the Markus Lupfer presentation. She finished the look with a khaki jacket draped across her shoulders (it's how the fashion lot do it).FROW favourite Amber Le Bon attended the Markus Lupfer presentation in a monochrome checked coat and luxe tee. She accessorised the look with coral shoes.Burberry muse Iris Law attended the Burberry show, wearing BurberrySuki Waterhouse and Penelope Cruz sat front row at the Burberry showActress-to-watch Anya Taylor-Joy attended the Christopher Kane show wearing a leopard print dressDaisy Lowe and Alexa Chung sat front row at the Christopher Kane showREAD MORE: Why Instagram Live Is Set To Be The Biggest Trend At London Fashion WeekREAD MORE: Grazia Exclusive: Neelam Gill And Amber Le Bon Reveal Their Tips To Surviving London Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As a fashion editor, I spend a lot of my time (at work and otherwise) trawling the internet. But, if I need a quick Italian fashion fix I know there is only one place that will make my bank card quiver: Luisa Via Roma. And, as Milan Fashion Week starts tomorrow it seems only appropriate that we take a look at what’s just dropped at this highly-curated concept store. And, let me tell you, payday cannot come soon enough.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:The XXL-Sized Problem With Kylie Jenner's 'Thick' Collection12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrTinashe for Urban Outfitters X Juicy Couture shot by Petra CollinsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Specsavers.It’s all over, the battle has been won. Glasses have been deemed truly trendy ever since the Gucci SS17 collection saw practically every model on the catwalk donning a chic pair of specs. What’s more, a diverse dose of celebs including the likes of Rashida Jones, Karlie Kloss and Alexa Chung have all made it their trademark, so we can pretty much ascertain that the right frames add the ultimate cool-girl factor to any style.!That’s why you need to find the best makeup look to compliment your frames. Shape, style and colour is everything when it comes to glasses, as it should be when it comes to your makeup. So we’ve teamed up with Specsavers to prove that from natural to dramatic looks, wearing glasses doesn’t need to hinder the way you style yourself.Plus, our favourite Pop Queen Kylie Minogue is set to release her new Specsavers Eyewear collection on Valentine’s Day, just in time to give us some much needed #frame-spo.First Off… BaseYour complexion should remain simple and understated, with glasses adding depth to your look. You run the risk of your frames rubbing the foundation off you face, so always apply a light foundation and set it with powder like a translucide powder to prevent smearing under your glasses. To avoid looking like you’ve had zero hours sleep, invest in a light yellow based concealer to avoid creating shadows underneath your eyes.Dripping With DramaSlick black frames, like the Kylie 9, are dripping with drama as it is, but if you want to add an extra dash of vivacity, some bold red lippy is a must. When it comes to eye-liner, make sure you adjust it’s thickness depending on the style of your glasses. The thicker the frames, the thicker your liner should be- you don’t want your specs to outshine your eyes!A Pop Of ColourThe Kylie 5 pink cat-eye frames are perfect for your spring and summer self. You want to pair coloured frames with neutral colours to keep things bright and airy. Choose a soft, nude shade for your lips and a delicate rouge for the apple of your cheeks. Keep your brows light and feathery by brushing your brows up from the head to the arch with a natural coloured pencil that best matches your hair.Retro SpecsRetro tortoiseshell frames like the Kylie 6 will project those much-wanted nostaliga vibes. Although, don’t go too heavy on the makeup with round glasses, as you want to stay true to the vintage-inspired frames. A thin but sharp eyeliner with a warm blush will keep your face fresh and understated. Top off the look with a berry pink lip shade for balance.You can find out more about the new Kylie Minogue collection at Specsavers here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The model name on everyone’s lips this Fashion Week is Adwoa Aboah.The striking freckle-faced model has walked the catwalks of Erdem, Pringle, Versus Versace, Simone Rocha, and yesterday she closed the show at Topshop Unique.While the 24-year-old is not new to the world of fashion or modelling (her first editorial gig was for i-D back in 2009), in the past year she has cemented herself as the Brit ‘it’ model to watch with campaigns for the likes of Calvin Klein and Marc Jacobs, a spot on the cover of Vogue, and a nomination for model of the year at this year’s Fashion Awards.Here’s everything you need to know about the rising star...Her mother, Camilla Lowther is the founder of CLM, the prestigious fashion management agency who has looked after the careers of Katie Grand, Rankin and Juergen Teller, while her father Charles Aboah owns a location scouting company. Younger sister Kesewa Aboah is also a model, and starred alongside Adwoa in her first campaign for H&M in 2010.Signed with Storm Model Management London, Ford Models Paris and The Lions in New York, Aboah has racked up campaigns in 2016 for Marc Jacobs, Roberto Cavalli, Theory, Alexander Wang, H&M and Fenty x Puma. Most recently she starred in Calvin Klein’s SS17 campaign alongside FKA Twigs and Kendall Jenner, which was lensed by her boyfriend photographer Tyrone Lebon.Aboah was cast alongside Gigi Hadid, Kendall Jenner, Ashley Graham for the much-talked about cover shoot.A quick scroll through her Instagram feed and you’ll see her love of colour, sharp tailoring skills, and how she mix and matches emerging designers, streetwear and vintage with aplomb.The models have been friends for nine years, and have matching half-heart tattoos to prove it.In late 2015 Aboah launched Gurls Talk, a movement that strives to create a platform where girls can openly share their experiences and feelings in a safe and trusting environment.“With Gurls Talk I want to create a space wherein girls can have honest conversations about everything. It will be a weekly program to educate girls on mental health and addiction and eating disorders, but instead of it being a lecture coming from a teacher or a woman twice their age, I want it to be from women these girls can relate to, women who are speaking from experience,” Aboah told Teen Vogue.In early 2016, Aboah created a video for StyleLikeU in which she spoke frankly about depression, drugs and self-hate. In the video she speaks about how she experimented with drugs as a teenager, her stint in an Arizona-based rehab and attempted suicide, and how modelling had affecting her self-esteem. Watch it here.READ MORE: An Insider’s Guide To Surviving London Fashion WeekREAD MORE: London Fashion Week: All The Action From The FROWREAD MORE: The Best London Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...What would our wardrobe be without denim? Near empty, that’s what. Jeans have gone from being a rebel without a cause to a lynchpin of our off- and on-duty uniforms. However, shopping for jeans is still a nightmarish experience. Between the dark lights and dinginess of changing rooms to the pumping music, the whole experience of hunting down that perfect pair remains hideous. Enter, the internet. Peruse our edit of the best jeans out there right now and then try them on from the comfort of your own home without the thud of techno and the chewing gums stickiness of the fitting room’s carpet.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrTinashe for Urban Outfitters X Juicy Couture shot by Petra CollinsThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Walking into a J.Crew store is like being initiated into a sorority where all the women where a uniform of freshly starched shirts, statement trousers and Jenna Lyons-approved skirts.  It’s for women who summer in the Hamptons and ski in Aspen. The question is, can I a girl from Camden, with a shaved head and tattoos, wear it without looking Waspy?New perfect-fit T-shirt in stripe, £32; Cigarette Pant in Puckered Gingham, £108Stripes for spring is anything but revolutionary. But, when clashed with the most charming print of all, gingham, now you’re talking. The trick is to make sure the patterns have the same shade of blue base. Otherwise, this is a culture clash too far.Thomas Mason for J.Crew Stretch Shirt, £140, Tiered midi skirt in eyelet poplin, £130 Following J.Crew’s Oracle leader Jenna Lyon’s school of thinking, I’ve tucked a freshly pressed Oxford skirt into a tangerine orange skirt. Logic says this shouldn’t work. But, the boyishness of the tailoring against the ultra-femme flare of the skirt has me convinced otherwise.Pink silk shirt, £218; Thomas Mason for J.Crew Stretch Shirt, £140This pink pyjama shirt was destined to be loved-up forever with a matching pair of shorts (scroll down to see). But, the pink-on-pink was a sickly sweet confection too far for me. Since the great break-up, the divorce has treated this pretty collared shirt nicely.Pink shorts, £228; **Thomas Mason for J.Crew Stretch Shirt, £140These pink shorts may have to be saved for the warmer months, but as soon as the sun starts shining, these are coming right back out. Their saccharine shade is easily balanced out by a stiff shirt and my grubby Converses.Ruffle knit top, £88At first, I wasn’t convinced I could make this frilly knitted top work. But, after tugging the boatneck off the shoulder, I’ve actually fallen hard for it. It’s hella cosy, and its textured front comes to life with a pair of raw-edge chinos and a bike-chain belt.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrWe Tried On The Most Amazing Pieces At Whistles How NYFW Street Style Girls Survived The SnowFollow Yasmin on Instagram @yasmineverleyThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since finding fame as the lovable Hermione, Emma Watson has always used her celebrity status to raise awareness about a number of causes close to her heart.As UN Women Goodwill Ambassador she has travelled the world promoting women’s rights and gender equality as part of her HeForShe campaign. Now she is devoting her attention to another one of her passions, sustainable fashion.Watson has created a new Instagram account to document all the sustainable fashion she will wear on her upcoming Beauty and the Beast tour.  Dubbed, The Press Tour, in a mere 24 hours she has garnered 225,000 followers.Watson, who will play Belle in the Disney remake, started the mammoth press tour this weekend in Paris ahead of the March 17th release.For her first outing she wore a Stella McCartney jacket, Filippa K jumper and Good Guys Don’t Wear Leather trainers.While for her second Paris appereance, Watson sported a custom made Oscar De La Renta gown, and Burberry heels.Every single one of her outfits showcased on the Instagram account has been verified for by Eco Age, Livia Firth’s sustainable fashion consultancy company.This is not the first time Watson has supported a green fashion initiative. In 2010, Watson collaborated with Fair Trade fashion brand People Tree on an exclusive collection.READ MORE: The Final Beauty And The Beast Trailer Is The Most Magical YetREAD MORE: Emma Watson Reveals Why She Chose To Play Belle Over CinderellaREAD MORE: Emma Watson Is Taking A Year Off From Acting© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Topshop Unique has made a habit of tapping models when their on the up. From Cara Delevingne to Bella Hadid and Taylor Hill, Toppers knows how to pick them. So don't think it was luck or nepotism that found Lottie Moss making her LFW catwalk debut today.The younger half sibling of Kate has already hotfooted across the runways of Chanel and Sonia Rykiel and starred in a number of Topshop's ads. But, until now, she's only ever attended London Fashion Week as a guest.In keeping with the look of the season, Lottie's hair was poker straight and parted in the middle for the show. Her make-up was kept quite minimal with just a rose blush and bee stung red lips. She wore a boatneck sweater and floral skirt with a dangerously high front slit.The modelling industry is currently in a state of flux. Before, scouts found and fostered pretty faces but now brands are trying to score press by booking influencers. Today, Lottie Moss showed her powerful hand as both a model to be watched and a celebrity in her own righat.Liked this? You might also be interested in: Everything You Need To Know About London Fashion WeekLFW Predicts Footless Tights Are Making A ComebackThe London Fashion Week Beauty Trends To Appropriate IRLThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘I’m a big fan of pink!’ designer Amie Robertson laughs, after complimenting her candy-coloured hair.You may not be familiar (yet) with this Manchester-born designer - but the 25-year old talent is fast becoming the breakout star of London Fashion Week. Admittedly, it helps that Marc Jacobs is a huge fan already and Kate Moss’ BFF/ editor of LOVE magazine, Katie Grand, styled A.V Robertson's debut collection last year. But it’s her artful, fantasy-like creations - dubbed “casual couture”  - that really set her apart. And to describe Amie in the flesh is much like her debut standalone presentation for AW17: like a modern-day Tinkerbell.‘I wanted to create this alien, fairy-like landscape,’ Amie says. ‘The patches on the collection are almost like portals to a parallel universe.’ While she admits she was up all night embroidering, it is at night her collection comes to life: ‘Most of my best ideas come to me in my dreams - it’s a nice place [to be]!’Robertson masters the art of feminine dressing without being ‘girly’ (think ‘80s-style lurex jumpers and corduroy evening gloves with crystal flowers). ‘My embellishments are quite beautiful but I don’t like them to be too pretty,’ she admits. ‘I like it to have a kind of futuristic feel.’‘I’m not someone with this really ‘fashion’ background - no one in my family is creative,’ she says. ‘I just used to write stories and give them to people to read about these magical lands.’ Though she was hooked on designing in her teens. ‘When I was 13 I started a Textiles class and just became obsessed with embroidery and embellishments.’Her journey since graduating Central Saint Martins in 2014 is every new designer’s dream. After internships at Dior Couture and Alexander Wang, Robertson enjoyed a stint as Marc Jacobs’ design assistant. Intimidating, much? ‘No, not at all! He’s the nicest person alive!’ Amie enthuses. ‘I got there thinking “he won’t speak to me” - but he used to come up and chat to me all the time.’ Jacobs even sat FROW-side at her debut collection in London last February. That’s some cheerleader.The greatest lesson you learned from the fashion maestro? ‘[Marc] always likes to put on a show and that’s key for me as well,’ Robertson says. ‘I want to entertain people. I want people to be wowed by it. I want people to come here and escape reality and almost be transported.’Although it would be pretty hard to ignore the ‘Future is Female’ message at New York Fashion Week and, more than ever, designers dissecting gender politics on the runway. Is there a girl power movement at LFW? ‘Yes, I think so,’ Amie says. ‘For me for a long time so much of the fashion world is dominated by men.’‘Most of the director’s are male. But I do think there’s a rise of women in fashion now. It’s about time.’READ MORE: Meet Brit Designer Of The Moment, Molly Goddard READ MORE: Simone Rocha Casts Older Models In London Fashion Week Show © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week is a lie. There, I said it. It’s not seven days of unadulterated fashion; it’s just five days jam-packed with a week’s worth of shows, presentations and parties. Like the schedule itself, the street style stars of the city shoehorn in as many trends, colours, prints and namedrop-worthy designers as they can in this small amount of time. Homegrown label Marques’ Almeida proves to reign supreme on the streets and Gucci has the accessories market cornered. But, unlike previous years, there are fewer peacocks prancing outside catwalk entrances, instead many are taking a more subtle approach to dressing. Heaps of girls (and boys) have swapped heels for hoodies and slinky numbers for sportswear. Scroll on for instant outfit inspiration…Make your hair work as hard as your outfit with a clashing hoodie. If, like this showgoer, your a fiery redhead then offset your auburn with Pepto Bismal pink. If you're hair's edging towards Emily Strange levels of black, pick a white sweatshirt. But, if you're blonde (bottle or not - no judgement either way) then consider a fluoro zing, like Tango orange or a tangy lime green.Credit: Instagram @rinasonlineWhen the weather is springlike, as it was this weekend, any denier higher than fishnet can look heavy. Rina Sawayama added a bad girl edge to her prim silk dress with her box fresh Converse and mesh tights.As much as we love frayed denim, it's everywhere right now. Refresh the trend by teaming it with a tailored coat and a fun faux fluff like this showgoer. It's an unexpected combination, but the textures really compliment one another.Off-duty models are easy to spot, thanks to their uniform of skinny jeans, leather jackets and enviable sportswear. This model leaving the British Fashion Council's show space ticked all the right boxes with her sweatshirt and shearling leather.Blame Vetements for this one. Ever since the French fashion house started exercising proportions, blazers have grown ginormous power shoulders and trousers have bloomed into architectural shapes. We love how this showgoer has balanced out her oversized chinos with a fitted rib top.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrWe Tried On The Most Amazing Pieces At Whistles How NYFW Street Style Girls Survived The Snow**Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris[](https://www.instagram.com/yasmineverley/?hl=en)**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Simone Rocha proved that beauty (and style) are ageless by casting older models in her London Fashion Week show for autumn/winter 2017.The line-up included a trio of stunning septuagenarians - Jan de Villeneuve, a former model who posed for Norman Parkinson and David Bailey in her hey-day; androdgynous beauty and Peter Lindberg muse Marie Sophie Wilson and Vogue cover girl and Italian model-turned-actress Benedetta Barzini.Also joining them was Cecilia Chancellor, the 50-year-old who has been making a catwalk comeback in recent years, shooting ad campaigns for Miu Miu and Helmut Lang.The casting was timely: the week begun with a protest by anti-age discrimination campaigners, while Teatum Jones also opened his show with disabled models on Friday.London is often at forefront of encouraging diversity in the fashion world: in 2010, Mark Fast sent a combo of plus size and 'regular' size models down the runway, while last season Ashish sent a diverse group of black, Asian and Caucasian models down his runway for SS17.READ MORE: Teatum Jones Casts Disabled Models In LFW ShowREAD MORE: Colour-Changing Hair Dye Debuts At London Fashion Week© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...On the top floor of a London office building with a view of the city’s landmarks and the designer’s adorable dachshund scampering around, Markus Lupfer presented only 13 looks. While slight in number, they made an unmistakable impact. What made them so intriguing? He presented the case for footless tights. If it were still 2005, we wouldn’t even blink at this. But, it’s not, and this contentious hosiery has been absent from fashion for nearly a decade.Sitting shy of the ankle, these throwback tights were worn under flared midi skirts and poking from beneath dresses. While we may not have expected to welcome these amped up leggings back into our life so soon, they make a strong argument. Most importantly, under a party dress, they don’t carry the same weight as 100 denier tights, but they retain the warmth. Naysayers have relegated them to the #indieamnesty pile, but we’ll be wearing them this autumn without a touch of hesitation.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrWe Tried On The Most Amazing Pieces At Whistles How NYFW Street Style Girls Survived The Snow**Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris[](https://www.instagram.com/yasmineverley/?hl=en)**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Pictured: Shrimps' faux furA petition calling for the ban of fur at London Fashion Week has garnered almost 90,000 signatures in the fortnight since it was launched.Set up by Ed Winters, co-founder of animal rights group Surge, the petition calls on the British Fashion Council to stop allowing designers who use fur to show their collections.'In the year 2000 fur farming was banned in the UK due to the horrific nature of these practices but fur can still be legally imported into this country,' it says. 'Why is it that London Fashion Week finds it morally justifiable to still provide a platform for fur and profit off the exploitation of an industry that was outlawed in the UK 17 years ago?'The group also plans to stage a protest outside the London Fashion Week headquarters on the Strand this weekend, after a similar demonstration last season.The vast majority of designers at London Fashion Week have already eschewed the use of fur, including Vivienne Westwood, Shrimps, Christopher Ræburn and Felder Felder.READ MORE: Insider Tips For Surviving London Fashion WeekREAD MORE: London Fashion Week Front Row© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While the New York Fashion Week runway was fiercely Anti-Trump, LFW's opening show kicked off proceedings with one powerful celebration of diversity. Brit design duo Teatum Jones - Catherine Teatum and Rob Jones - cast two disabled models in their AW17 show entitled ‘The Body’ on Friday.Kelly Knox, who was born without the lower left of her right arm and 27-year-old male model Jack Eyre’s who had his leg amputated when he was 16 (and was the first disabled man to model at NYFW) walked down the TJ runway as an extract of Meryl Streep’s Golden Globes speech played.'It was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter,' Steep said, accepting her award last month. ‘Someone he outranked in privilege, power and the capacity to fight back. It kind of broke my heart when I saw it, and I still can’t get it out of my head, because it wasn’t in a movie. It was real life.’‘Able and disabled bodied people don’t have different desires when it comes to fashion,’Catherine Teatum told The Telegraph. 'They want great textiles, interesting shapes. Kelly and Jack are dressed in the collection like the other models.Catherine continued: ‘We’ve just had conversations with them about how to adapt their clothing. The overriding message is that we’re all the same.’READ MORE: New York Fashion Week Proves Political Dressing Is 'In' © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Tiffany Trump, the youngest daughter of President Donald Trump, sat front row at Philipp Plein's show at New York Fashion Week, she hit the headlines for the empty seats surrounding her. It seems other guests were not happy with her presence, and showed their disapproval by refusing to sit next to her.As Fashionista's editor-in-chief wrote on Twitter: 'Seating sh*tshow at Philipp Plein because no editors want to sit near Tiffany Trump. SHOCKER.'Now the designer himself has spoken out to defend the First Daughter, telling TMZ: 'Tiffany Trump is not a politician. She's a teenager – what is she 22 or 23 year old? I don't think she had anything to do with the drama. Can you blame a family member, a daughter, for her father and his wrong political direction?'I'm not a politician, I'm not here to judge anyone; I couldn't care less, I just think it's not right to treat someone without respect because he or she is the daughter of somebody that people don't like.'The controversy wasn't of Plein's creation: he revealed that he didn't actually invite Tiffany, she asked to come.'There was an interest from her PR office saying that she wanted to see the show and I said why not?' he said. 'I do fashion. We are a free country and I let everyone come to the show that's interested. It's my first NY show; why shouldn't people come in?'Tiffany front row at Dennis BassoTiffany has been a regular presence at New York Fashion Week, sitting front row at Taoray Wang, Vivienne Tam and Dennis Basso, as well as Philipp Plein. Her elder sister Ivanka has recently found herself in hot water, with anti-Trump protesters boycotting her fashion line and several high profile stores dropping it, most notably Nordstrom.READ MORE: Donald Trump Hits Out At Nordstrom For Dropping Ivanka's Fashion Line READ MORE: Ivanka Trump In Trouble For Sitting In President's Seat© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When 19-year-old Somalian-American model Halima Aden made her runway debut for Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York this week, she instantly became the most talked about model - wearing a hijab that perfectly framed her strikingly beautiful face, with her light brown eyes, full lips and perfect jawline.The Minnesota-raised teen has just made history by becoming the first hijab-wearing Muslim model to be signed to IMG Models - the agency that Kate Moss, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and the Hadid sisters belong to.It's not the first time she has made headlines: last year, she was thrust into the spotlight after she entered the Miss Minnesota USA competition wearing a burkini and hijab.Halima announced the exciting news on Instagram, posting a picture of her first shoot with famed photographer Mario Sorrenti for Carine Roitfeld's CR Fashion Book: 'Remember Halima Aden, the Muslim girl who ran for Miss Minnesota? She's signed with IMG, just CR Fashion Book with Mario Sorrenti and will be walking next Yeezy season. I signed with the top modeling agency in the WORLD and still wore my hijab as my crown.'Indeed, she is keen to use her newfound fame as a platform to speak to young Muslim women, telling US Vogue: 'My goal is to send a message to Muslim women and young women everywhere that it’s okay to break stereotypes and be yourself. Always stay true to who you are - barriers can and will be broken!'Her Instagram account is full of politically and socially charged posts, encouraging people to break down barriers and accept each other, whatever their background. In one she says: 'Beauty isn't a one size fits all. We need to celebrate everyone and welcome those who are different than us. This year has had so much negativity, it's time to move away from the hate and learn to accept. I'm choosing LOVE because a nation that doesn't stand together will fall.'Hear, hear!READ MORE: Spring/Summer 2017 Trends To Know NowREAD MORE: Illamasqua Won't Sell Makeup To Trump Supporters© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion Month has officially arrived. The fash pack are flocking to the front row. Us: Refreshing our Insta feed an inordinate amount of times to coo over the latest OOTD. “Those shoes…THAT coat…Ooooh,” you whisper to yourself - looking at said person's sixth outfit change of the day. From an outsider’s perspective it is a fantasy funfare of FROWs, catwalk shows and after-parties…Of course - there is a whole side to Fashion Month that you will not see on your social feed - from supermodel show prep to months of meticulous planning that goes into creating brilliant and completely bonkers £80,000 set designs.So Grazia caught up with model Neelam Gill, fashion designer Ryan Lo, FROW fixture Amber Le Bon and set designer Gary Card to breakdown what really goes on behind-the-scenes and their insider tips on surviving London Fashion Week. Enjoy...From her pre-fashion week beauty mantras to what gets her through the week, the 21-year-old Brit supermodel and Burberry favourite spills all…The FaceTime…“Before Fashion Week I like to get an extraction, so I don't get any pimples during the shows - this is why I normally get a facial with Sarah Chapman in advance to allow myself a little downtime before it gets hectic. Her clinic in Sloane Square is like my second home - I swear by her products!”Model workout… “I’m actually trying out boxing for the first time - I’ve started training at KOBOX. I was super nervous because I know it's intense but I love it. I want to stay long & lean, but try to get abs. That's my goal. I'm not very good at working out alone because I get bored and distracted so I find having a trainer much easier, especially when I create my own playlists.”Off-duty style… “I love dressing up, but my day to day style is quite tomboyish, and I love mixing high and more accessible brands. A typical outfit would be an Acne shearling jacket, Supreme hoodie, AllSaints boyfriend jeans & Vans shoes with a Fendi handbag.”The essentials…”Sleep! Headphones - I'm always stuck in traffic in London so I never leave without my headphones because I listen to music to pump me up. And my Portable charger…The days are long during and everything is last minute so I can't afford for my phone to die.”First thing you do after Fashion Week? “Book a spa day. I love going to Akasha Spa at the Café Royal in Soho. It's so central but when you're in there you feel as if you've entered a whole new world!”Gary Card has created grandiose and immersive set designs for the likes of Balenciaga and Moschino. This season he’s working with three designers at LFW: Roksanda, new label to lust over Marta Jakubowski and “one that cannot be revealed. It’s a super exciting show we haven’t worked on before.” Meet the fashion world’s secret weapon…Stick to the brief… “Set designers have to be chameleons - you’ve got to have your own style but I always try to adapt to the designer and get inside their head. It’s their vision you want to translate.”From concept to catwalk… “Roksanda’s shows have just got bigger and so we have to be more prepared for them. So a couple months before I’ll come in and she shows me what she’s been doing and her inspirations and what she’s excited about and I’ll show her some things I’ve been thinking about. Our visions then both come together.”Location, location, location… “A month before the shows I’m looking at spaces around town, doing site visits, getting the right site building team on board. Then I’ll head back to my office in Hackney Wick to do a bit of design work. I’ll sometimes scribble doodles and ideas on the bus back to the office. I’ll sleep 5 hours a night if I’m lucky.”Building a set on a budget… “We’ve had £80,000 for one show at LFW - an accessories designer - which is quite a lot. But with younger designers you obviously won’t have that -  but there’s a willingness to make something really extravagant together with very little money. So with Ryan Lo it’s like: ‘Right…Paper! Tissue! Sparkly things!’ London is still the hub of creativity.”Think BIG… “For Roksanda’s SS16 show me and 10 students from Camberwell College of Art hand painted a 180 metre mural. It took a about a week. Good grief it was an awful lot of work but it was an absolute privilege.”'A day in the life...' at London Fashion Week, according to Model, DJ and FROW regular Amber Le Bon…Rest up… “Antonio Berardi kicks off at 9am, so I’m usually up at 7am to shower and get ready to leave the house by 8am. In-between shows - when there's a big gap - I'll usually head to my agency Models 1 to sit and read for a bit and keep out of the way. If I'm clever I'll have a car for the day or share one with Mama [Yasmin Le Bon] if we're seeing the same shows - it’s fun to have a show buddy.”Make-up rules… “I like to keep my beauty looks quite simple. I find if I do lips then I forget about them an hour later and it smudges everywhere. My essentials are my MAC lip conditioner which saves my always dehydrated lips, and my Laura Mercier translucent pressed setting powder which I use with a medium sized soft eyeshadow brush to get rid of shine. A pair of dark sunglasses is also quite useful as a last resort.”Pack a repair kit… “There’s been hysterical times in-between shows when I have to ask my driver to find a side road and help me with my zipper and hook eye fastenings! Or I’ve lost a heel stopper, and am frantically trying to google the nearest shoe shop. To find out every single one is closed - because it’s a Sunday.”Plan your outfit like a pro…“I used to change for every show but that got crazy and exhausting: between 3-6 looks a day which was ridiculous. Now I might do two looks in a day which makes the whole experience a whole lot less stressful and more enjoyable. I like to think about what I'm going to wear the week before so it's all sorted and I don't have the last minute 'I have nothing, I hate my whole wardrobe' panic.”First thing you do after Fashion Week? “I get some slippers, a blanket and a good movie and I fall asleep halfway through it. I think about having a long bath but I never quite make it.”The Hong Kong-born designer with a a penchant for Pepto-Bismol pinks, talks us through his LFW show playlist and why he’s planning his next collection RN…Picking the playlist… “Usually the music comes first in every collection (even before the clothes or anything) as it sets the tone of the season and the attitude of the girls. For this collection I’ve been listening to Hip Hop from De La Soul. Fast and Furious 3 Tokyo Drift and some Cantonese 90s Hong Kong music about puppy love! The ‘Ryan LO’ girl is sassy, sexy, naughty, girly. She likes things that are traditionally quite tacky but she makes it into something super chic! This season she’s a Skate Chick - with two very good exciting collaboration projects…”Designer uniform… “At London Fashion Week I’m usually wearing my favourite American Apparel oversized sweat shirt - a navy brown striped one. I think I’ve been wearing it for at least 7 seasons during my actual show!”The pre-show fuel… “I’m usually snacking on sweets, spicy Chinese food and coca cola!”Let the small things slide… “You want everything to be A+++ perfect but sometimes it’s just impossible. I just have to learn to let it go to accept the fact that we tried our best and there is nothing else we can to do.”First thing you do after Fashion Week? “Usually I am 6 months ahead so I am designing SS18 and thinking about AW18 already.”READ MORE: Join Grazia At The London Fashion Week Festival READ MORE: 7 Fashion Resolutions To Follow In 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ashley Williams occupies a verified sphere as a young designer who actually sells. Her collections have cult followers (looking at you, Debrief Deputy Editor Vicky Spratt).  But, beyond the hype and legions of fans, Ashley’s work pushes forward burgeoning trends by looking deeper into the zeitgeist. For today’s presentation at London Fashion Week, Williams captured that stoned sensation at the heady meeting point of paradise and paranoia.The image of a teeth-baring dog and slogans twinned these two distant emotions together. Tops writ large with the word ‘Misery’ were likely a reference to the Stephen King novel of the same name, dresses were tagged with the topical, political-infused phase: ‘Save the planet’, while diamante-encrusted hair slides glittered with the word ‘paradise’.In the show notes, Bertie Brandes describes the look as, ‘clothes to sneak out of parties in’. Here she refers to the full tracksuits, cowboy hats, which we imagine was nicked during late night rabble rousing, Hawaiian print cargo pants, cropped puffer jackets and tartan kilts.As an instant Ashley Williams fix, follow her stylist Julia Sarr-Jamois’ advice and tuck your sweatshirt into your track pants. Once sacrilege, this is now the ‘in’ way to wear athleisure. So, get tucking. Here are the top six things we want, need and love from Ashley’s new collection:Like this? Then you might also be interested in:12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrWe Tried On The Most Amazing Pieces At Whistles How NYFW Street Style Girls Survived The Snow**Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris[](https://www.instagram.com/yasmineverley/?hl=en)**This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...An Instagram is lovely, but let’s be honest an iPhone camera doesn’t do justice to the movement, weight or texture of a garment. As fashion week zips around the world from New York to Paris, we wanted to get beyond blurry pixels and really get to grips with this season’s collections. Evoking the skills of fashion commentators from a bygone era, illustrator Elyse Blackshaw will be following the fashion set to give The Debrief an exclusive tour of next season's collections.Starting in New York, Elyse used vivid colours and wild patterns to capture the fit and feel of Tommy Hilfiger's, VFiles', Custo Barcelona’s and Calvin Klein's collections.London was the next stop on the Fashion Week tour bus. There was a definite grunge tone to Topshop Unique, while Burberry riffed on the great master sculptor Henry Moore's work. Over at Ashley Williams things took a political turn with punkish tartan and slogan tops. But, it was Christopher Kane who stole the headlines with his first see-now-buy-now capsule collection.Over in Milan, Prada redefined feminism, Moschino made magic for our fragile souls, Versace powered into protest wear and Anna Kiki's Barbarella collection signalled the label out to be Italy's next big thing.Fashion month came to a close in Paris with an out-of-this-world Space-themed show at Chanel, a right-on collection at Dior, an avant-garde air at Balenciaga and fun, faux furs at Miu Miu.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:7 times Yeezy’s Season 5 Proved Kanye Is A New Man9 Things Under £9 You Need In Your Life For London Fashion Week12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Forget New York, London, Paris and Milan for one moment - Kansas is the city of fashion this season. Yes, hear us out.Exhibit A - the high street. This season, the shops are a fine demonstration of the state’s sartorial influence.Because there's only one print you’ll want to get your hands on this month and that’s picnic gingham.First donned on screen by actress July Garland in the 1939 classic The Wizard of Oz, the dainty print has forever possessed the traditional prairie girl aesthetic. But this season, it’s undergone a style transformation.For 2017, forget prim and proper as we’re coveting the print in the shape of ruffled shirts, oversized dresses and ribbon-tied ballet flats. And the high street is awash with the print in all its checked glory.The trend was introduced to us by Shrimps at the spring/summer '17 show as designer Hannah Weiland dressed models in lace, broderie anglaise and wholehearted gingham.Citing British artist Edward Wadsworth, the designer curated a line which embodied an aesthetic associated with rural America, conveyed through bonnets embroidered with sweet girls clasping pitchforks.So this season don the print in abundance. Layer spaghetti-strap gingham slips over white t-shirts, pair white ruffled shirts with black checked trousers and invest in Miu Miu's most coveted ballerina pumps of all time.But who is offering the highly sought after trend? Look to Ganni for an early autumnal take on the print (perfect for trans-seasonal investments), Topshop for pretty girl get-ups and of course Zara, where the windows are decked in all mighty gingham. After all, there's only one place like Zara...So get your credit cards at the ready and invest in as many garms as your arms can possible carry. You're bound to cheer up fellow commuters in one (Dorothy-inspired) swoop.Shop the drop in the gallery below:Credit: ZaraGingham Trousers, £39.99, ZaraGingham - Grazia2of10Gingham Trousers, £39.99, ZaraBlue Gingham Bell Sleeve Top, £29.99, ZaraBlue Gingham Co-Ords, £29.99, ZaraGingham Top With Ruffled Sleeves, £25.99, ZaraRed Gingham Mini Dress, £29.99, ZaraGingham Duster Jacket, £175, Topshop BoutiqueAsymmetric Gingham Top, £29, TopshopGreem Gingham Ruched Sleeve Top, £35, WarehouseLeather Lace-Up Pumps, £490, Net-A-Porter'Jolly' Silk Dress, £270, GanniJust make sure to leave the sparkly red shoes at home…READ MORE: The 7 Spring/Summer 2017 Trends You Need On Your RadarREAD MORE: What On Earth Is A Drouser? And How To Wear It Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Natalia Vodianova and Karlie Kloss are once again teaming up to bring their annual Fabulous Fund Fair to London. Now in its third year, previous events have seen Natalia selling kisses, Karlie selling her Klossies cookies, and celebrities battling it out on bumper cars all in the name of charity. Set up to raise funds for Natalia’s Naked Heart Foundation, the money raised goes towards helping families of children with special needs have a safe place to play. This year’s event promises guests the chance to try their luck on the Wheel of Fortune to win money-can’t-buy prizes (including dinner with Charlize Theron and magic-trick lessons from David Copperfield), ride the newly-created carousel and rub shoulders with the likes of Cara Delevingne, Taylor Swift and Ellie Goulding, who have all attended in previous years.Here, Natalia exclusively shares her 10 highlights from the past 3 years.'I can't be thankful enough to Karlie Kloss for inspiring the Fabulous Fund Fair idea and being such a lovely co-host – she’s like my little sister!''Stella McCartney was the first to support our new fundraiser in aid of the Naked Heart Foundation and we are honoured to have her again at the Fabulous Fund Fair this year.''The most popular attraction of London's Fabulous Fund Fair was bumper cars - everyone loved them! Come and see our new highlight - a real size carousel - at the Roundhouse on 21 February 2017. For one night only...''My son Lucas loves magic and when he learnt Dynamo agreed to support our World's First Fabulous Fund Fair it became his highlight of the whole evening.''The fabulous Wheel of Fortune was introduced in 2016 and immediately created lots of excitement. The stakes are high, but you cannot lose on this one! We are definitely doing it again this year, can't wait to see it in action...''Eva Herzigova was the most hard-working girl at our World's First Fabulous Fund Fair, selling Dior ice-cream the whole night - she told me she had never worked so hard in her life.''My great friend Ulyana Sergeenko is the most recognisable Russian designer and I loved how she entertained the Fund Fair guests Russian-style (treating them to our traditional drink and a beautiful smile).''My children have been supporting all Naked Heart initiatives from an early age, and not just by attending fun charity galas but also in urban Russia, in those facilities where the Foundation provides help to families of children with special needs - places that one could hardly call fun.''It wouldn't be a real funfair if we didn't have sweets. These gorgeous ones are only available at the Fabulous Fund Fair (you can break your diet for that).''I wish I could give a big hug to each and every person, who makes this fantastic event possible - all our sponsors and production teams, truly wonderful games hosts, volunteers and guests. Without any of these lovely people the Fabulous Fund Fair in aid of the Naked Heart Foundation simply would not exist.'This year’s Fabulous Fashion Fund Fair takes place at The Roundhouse in Camden, London on 21st February. For more information visit www.nakedheart.org/en/fundfair/READ MORE: Why Yellow Is The Hue Of The SeasonREAD MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ads For Spring Summer 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week is well under way and like every year Topshop Unique is the hot ticket to have. Each season the catwalk is a walking payday wishlist clad on the top models of the day. There is only one thing that’s as remarkable as the clothes: the front row. Every show a new crop of celebrities, peacocks and influencers get nestled in between stalwart editors on the front row. Some people, like Alexa Chung, have had seat A-1 since the beginning, but other’s come and go. Take a look at these vintage snaps from Topshop Unique’s catwalk debut until now to remember who’s had frow-access from the get-go and who’s been demoted to second row.Donna Air, Sara Cox and Zoe BallSir Philip Green, Chloe Green, Kate Moss, uncredited man (probably Moss' BFF hairdresser James Brown)  and Annabel Nielson Daisy Lowe and old flame Will CameronOld friends Daisy Lowe and Pixie GeldofAlexa Chung and Olivia PalermoSir Philip Green, Kate Moss and Chloe Green – a veritable Green sandwichPixie Geldof, Remi Nicole, Alexa Chung (in an ultra-twee cardi)Olly Murs and Joe McElderryPhillip Green, Anna Wintour and a very un-fashion week paper** cupPixie Geldof and Alexa Chung (minus Remi Nicole)Olivia Palermo, Alexa Chung, Pixie Geldof, Poppy Delevigne, Laura Carmichael, Nicola Roberts(Someone called) Geordon Nicol scored a seat with Leigh Lezark, Azealia Banks and Olivia PalermoElle Fanning and Laura CarmichaelAngela Scanlon, Victoria Pendelton and (a distracted) Olivia PalermoIn the couple’s corner: Michael Polish, Kate Bosworth and Louis Tomlison, Eleanor Calder plus** Pixie Geldof  Ellie Goulding, Pixie Geldof, Daisy Lowe, Samantha Barks, Suki Waterhouse (in a gigantic floppy hat) and Kaya ScodelarioAnna Wintour, Sir Philip Green and Kate MossAtlanta de Cadenet Taylor, Harley Viera-Newton, Ashley Madekew, Kendall Jenner, Anna Wintour, Sir Philip Green, Kate Moss, Lottie Moss, Natalie Massenet and Poppy DelevingneAnais Gallagher, Ellie Bamber, Harriet Verney and Phoebe Collings-JamesChloe Green, Ciara, Sir Philip Green, Anna Wintour, Suki Waterhouse and Cressida BonasKate Foley, Leomie Anderson, Jessica Hart (and The Debrief’s Editor Rebecca Holman in the background)Lady Kitty Spencer, Lottie Moss, Ellie Goulding, Hikari Yokoyama, Erin O’Connor, Arizona Muse, Neelam Gill and Serayah McNeillElla Eyre, Anais Gallagher, Tigerlily Taylor, Amber Le Bon, Clara Paget and Chelsea LeylandLike this? Then you might also be interested in:Abra’s label Awful Records Just Dropped Lit New Merch11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyWe Tried On All The New Threads At Monki So You Don’t Have ToFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since Instagram launched their live feature in the UK on 17 January, we haven’t been able to put our phones down. And this season, the revolutionary tech update is set to alter how we participate in London Fashion Week.Every season, the fash pack flock to the four capitals of the world renowned for their inimitable sartorial game - New York, London, Paris and Milan.But there’s one major aspect to fashion month that nobody can ignore. Without fail, bloggers snapped by street style photographers, the ‘it’ crowd sitting FROW and even models storming the catwalk (remember Dolce and Gabbana's spring/summer '16 show?) will have one thing in common. They will each have a smartphone in their grasp...Whether they’re taking selfies prior to the show commencing, snapping their wristband laden wrists or posing for endless #OOTD posts - no catwalk attendee will be without an iPhone.  And this season will be no different, as there’s a subtle shift taking place among fashion followers.For the first time in fashion history, designers and guests will be able to share the sartorial magic as it happens courtesy of Instagram Live.The ephemeral stream will enable Instagram viewers to gain a sense of inclusivity without even needing a show invite. Needless to say, the app's latest feature is set to take London Fashion Week by storm this season.Instagram Live was first announced on 21 November 2016. The new addition introduced by the social media platform enables users to share ephemeral video content. The revolutionary feature followed the introduction of Instagram Stories, where you can upload photographs and short videos in order to curate your own visual slideshow.In order to use Instagram Live, simply swipe open your Instagram app, tap into the Stories camera and click ‘Live’ to switch into video mode.The footage is ephemeral so as soon as you stop recording, the video will vanish. While you’re live, you can allow your followers to interact with you and can even pin a comment for everyone to see. Or, if your prefer, you can turn off comments altogether.Burberry made history back in February 2010 when it was the first brand to ever live stream a catwalk show.The fashion house famously showed its autumn/winter '11 show in New York, Paris, Dubai, Tokyo and Los Angeles via video streaming. And ever since the iconic moment in fashion, brands have evolved to debut their collections in a similarly uncensored manner. This time, through raw footage streamed to our mobiles thanks to Instagram Live.So far this season, designers such as Thakoon have used the feature to their advantage. The brand went live during model fittings, giving viewers a rare behind-the-scenes snapshot of life behind the catwalk.Similarly, Prabal Gurung went live on his taxi ride home from his autumn/winter '17 catwalk debut. The designer took questions from his followers and in turn, gave viewers a rare insight into his creative process.The urge for followers to access raw footage is growing as we seek behind-the-scenes snapshots into the fashion world more than ever before. Gone are the days when Instagram snaps hours after the show would satisfy the needs of fashion devotees...It's not only designers who have utilised Instagram Live to their advantage, as fashion bloggers have also jumped on the tech trend. This season, We Wore What took over Tommy Hilfiger's Instagram Live during his show on Venice Beach.Fashion influencer Chiari Ferragni is also renowned for using Instagram Live, frequently streaming shows to her 8 million followers while Song Of Style also uses the new trend to her advantage, enabling her 4.3 million followers to gain access to her world.So which brands can we expect to give followers a rare insight into their fashion house this season?Make sure to keep an eye on Calvin Klein, Diane Von Furstenberg, Tory Burch and Tibi this coming week for unfiltered behind-the-scenes live action. It's an opportunity for you to watch the show unfold without even needing an invite. Make sure to give them a quick follow.With over 681,000 followers on Instagram, fashion influencer Eva Chen is undoubtedly a pro when it comes to producing the best content.So what advice does the former editor-in-chief of Lucky have for up-and-coming bloggers?READ MORE: How To Master Instagram StoriesREAD MORE: All Your Instagram-Related Questions Answered© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ruffles or frills; big or small; clean cut or disarray - ruffles are here to shake up your wardrobe. This summer think floating lines that look like clouds and dreamy fabric for miles. Think ruffles on jumpers, frills on pants and dresses with va-va-voom.For ultimate street style chic, ruffles are the way to go and we’ve compiled ten of the best pieces, both from the catwalk and the high street so you can be as frill-volous as you like.Flared, long, frilled - exaggerated sleeves are everywhere you look, and it's a trend we're loving this season. A ruffle detail has the ability to turn the most basic of pieces into something special - you can add a ruffle detail to the sleeve of the most basic white t-shirt and the effect will be romantic and eye-catching. You can also experiment more wildly with layering (another trend of the moment) jumpers over shirts with exaggerated sleeves for a more dynamic look that is also incredibly office-appropriate. Tres chic!Ruffled shirts are everywhere you look right now. A hybrid between a structured shirt and a peasant blouse, the ruffled shirt is a fun departure from wooly winter-dressing into the spring season.Getting a cardigan or blouse with ruffles surrounding the neckline is the perfect way to draw attention to, and frame, your face. Adjust the look with a delicate necklace to bring out your collar bones and voila.Having ruffles at the foot of your trousers is an easy way to minimize the look of your waist. By drawing attention to your ankles your waist instantly looks smaller giving you the all desired hourglass figure. Bell bottom trousers are everywhere this season, but we award Zara with the prize for the best collection.Shop the best frilled, flared and ruffled pieces here:Jacquard Ruffle Shirt, £39 from TopshopTopshop’s ruffled shirt is so Victorian-chic it will have you feeling like a lady even when you’re putting the bins out. Think Mary Poppins/Oscar Wilde and pair with a pencil skirt or fitting trousers. Beware of makeup stains on the collar!Ruffles Trend - Grazia2of10Jacquard Ruffle Shirt, £39 from TopshopTopshop’s ruffled shirt is so Victorian-chic it will have you feeling like a lady even when you’re putting the bins out. Think Mary Poppins/Oscar Wilde and pair with a pencil skirt or fitting trousers. Beware of makeup stains on the collar!Gucci Ruffled Silk Flared Pants, £600 from Net-a-porterGucci’s Spring ‘16 runway was inspired by the romantic glamour of the ‘70s. These high-rise, champagne silk pants could be the most glamorous piece you’ll wear to your mum’s house for tea, but so, so worth it. Pair with a bright, chunky heel or with white pumps and a jumper.  Gucci Ruffled Silk Shirt, £725 from Net-a-porterGucci’s mustard shirt is an effortlessly chic way to get through a Tuesday morning meeting. The piece is cut from featherweight silk, and finished with a Peter Pan collar and bow for a retro appeal. Bella!Trousers with frills, £59.99 from ZaraIf the term ‘dancing shoes’ applied to pants, these would be the ultimate dancing pants. If there is one thing Zara do better than anyone else, it’s a ruffle! Wear with a cute cami-top for a night on the town, or with a simple blouse to spice up your work wear. Soft sweater with frilled sleeves, £29.99 from ZaraThis Zara sweatshirt is just the ticket for a dressed down day. The frilled sleeves will have you feeling uber glam while you’re not feeling uber great. Wear with a statement necklace and jeans; or dress it up with culottes or a bright skirt. Also, comes in white! Chime Ruffle Sandals, £45 from Miss SelfridgeThese discreetly frilled heels can be worn any time, any place, any wear. Wear to the office on a Friday, wear to your best friend’s wedding, wear to the supermarket, and while hoovering. Ultra-versatile, and can be dressed up or dressed down. Ruffles for a party? River Island has the answers. You have to snap this up toot sweet because it's limited edition! Spice this up with some chandelier earrings; or if you’re not feeling the drama, wear with high-waist black jeans and a colour pop heel. Voila!Frilled Leather Crossbody Bag, £19.99 from ZaraIf you’re a little unsure on the ruffles trend and need to make baby steps, start with this bottle green Zara shoulder bag. The chain strap adds a fierce touch to even the blandest of outfits, and will bring a little bit of Emmanuel Alt to your wardrobe. Stripe Frill Bardot Dress, £38 from TopshopA Bardot dress is crucial to any capsule wardrobe. While this dress may not be appropriate for February, there is no harm in planning ahead! This dress will make you feel like you’re in Cannes when you’re actually in Brighton. And can we just appreciate the bow? Very 1994 school picture day.Frilled Checked Blouse, £34.99 from H&MH&M have pulled a blinder with this shirt! Not only does it have the sweetest ruffles, it’s also blue (this colour is EVERY WHERE right now) and it’s gingham! Three trends with one piece. AND it comes in white too. H&M you spoil us! Gallery by Olivia WrightREAD MORE: Fishnets: Your £4 Shopping FixREAD MORE: Gingham: Let Dorothy Be Your Style Muse This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yesterday Kayne showed his fifth collection in collaboration with Adidas, and it was like nothing he’s ever done before. The show was subtle, graceful and humble. It ran (nearly) on time (just 25 minutes late), there was no grandiose performance, and the focus was on the clothes. Presented in near darkness, models were the only things shrouded in light, and even then the press were given a closer look as their outfits were projected large on electronic screens. Is this a dawn of a new Yeezy era? Here are seven reasons we think so…Unlike previous seasons where she's been draped in show-stopping Balmain, she wore head-to-toe mauve. From her lace-up shoes and sweatpants to her down coat, she looked like a walking-talking eggplant.Kanye didn’t take a bow at the end of the show. Instead, Kim ran across the catwalk, pausing only for a second to pick up American Vogue editor Anna Wintour and beckon her backstage.  Anna reportedly gleefully followed.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Abra’s label Awful Records Just Dropped Lit New Merch11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyWe Tried On All The New Threads At Monki So You Don’t Have ToFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This spring high street stalwart H&M have once again collaborated with Coachella festival.Fronting the campaign is Lucky Blue Smith and his bandmate sisters from The Atomics. To celebrate the occasion, The Atomics have created an exclusive video in which they perform Let’s Live For Today by The Grass Roots sporting pieces from the new collection.The exclusive collection is inspired by the annual Palm Springs party, and captures the festival spirit of the Californian festival perfectly. Think distressed denim, graphic prints and feminine layers.Key pieces in the collection include a sheer black lace spaghetti-strap dress, a floral-embroidered denim jacket and a shiny metallic anorak. When it comes to accessories, we love the heart-shaped aviators, on-trend chokers and star adorned earrings.Whether you are heading to Coachella or a festival nearer home, H&M has got your back. Festival season may be a few months away but it is never too early to start planning your wardrobe.The collection hits stores and HM.com on 30th March. See our favourite pieces in the gallery below.Star earringsH&M Coachella Grazia 2of14Star earringsPink leotardGrey teeShimmering hooded jacket, £19.99Gold star earringsMesh dress, £12.99Jeans with star designEmbroidered denim skirtEmbroidered denim jacket, £34.99, H&MBlue detailed topMetallic body, £12.99Pink maxi skirtPink loveheart sunglassesBlue dressREAD MORE: Is Fyre Festival The New Coachella?READ MORE: Step Into Spring: The Best New Trainers To Buy NowREAD MORE: What Our Shopping Editor Is Buying This Month: February Edition© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘Florals for spring, how original.’ Never have nightmare editor Miranda Priestley’s words rung less true. For Spring/Summer 2017 there is a plethora of new trends to get excited about, with usual contenders like the LWD (Little White Dress) and nautical being no-shows for the coming season. Instead, the aesthetic is all about individuality and more-is-more, from exaggerated sleeves to loud-and-proud logo tees, Eighties excess to corseted waists. The only thing that really matters is putting your own spin on whatever trend you choose.As is often the case, Miuccia Prada was ahead of the game, showing corset belts last season. Now other designers have followed suite, from Isabel Marant’s denim waist cinchers to Balenciaga’s wide leather wrap-belts. At Alberta Ferreti, a boho-style reminiscent of those Moroccan belts beloved by Sienna et al in the Noughties was reimagined as a knotted waist belt, while at Burberry a chic studded band added sex appeal to the layered English country looks. Here at Grazia, we’re big fans of this comeback, which celebrates an hourglass silhouette and one of our favourite erogenous zones.It’s all about VBL (that’s Visible Bra Layering, a term coined by Fashion Features and News Editor Charlie Gowans-Eglinton) this season, as once again our lingerie has escaped the boudoir and made it into our everyday wardrobes. Whether you want to offer a flash of flesh under a tuxedo jacket, à la Victoria Beckham’s velvet bralet, or layer your lace over a white shirt or tee as seen at Kenzo and Giambatista Valli, there’s an option for everyone who wants to show off their minxy side this season.Spearheaded by Dior’s new designer Maria Grazia Chiuri and her ‘We Should All Be Feminists’ tees, these days, we’re using our clothes to make a statement. Haider Ackermann told us to ‘Be Your Own Hero’ and ‘Silent Soldier’ while Michael Kors was simply spreading free love with his ‘Love’ intarsia sweater. Blame it on the political climate (that’s what we blame everything on) but there’s definitely a desire to be heard this season.We don’t have any proof that fashion’s current love of pink begun with Ganni’s sherbet-hued knit, but we’re pretty convinced that it did. Either way, the saccharine shade cropped up again and again on this season’s catwalks, with Parisian heavyweights Givenchy, Chanel and Valentino offering up head-to-toe looks in fuchsia, pale pink and Pepto Bismol respectively. Don’t ‘do’ pink? Neither do we: but this season it’s more chic cropped trousers, jumpsuits and jackets rather than princess dresses.We’re calling it: statement sleeves are the biggest trend of the season with designers in all four fashion capitals seemingly universally obsessed with adding volume, length and other flourishes to our arms. Once deemed the height of scruffiness, too-long sleeves are now de rigueur thanks to DKNY and Loewe, while Dolce & Gabbana championed prettily ruffled and frilled sleeves at the other end of the spectrum. Sixties-staple bell sleeves made a comeback at Gucci, Fendi and Etro, while flared trumpet sleeves circa 1977 were seen at Elie Saab and Giamba. Basically, if the sleeve isn’t run-of-the-mill, it’s in this season.From mustard to canary, chartreuse to champagne, there were more shades of yellow this season than a Farrow & Ball paint chart. Alexander Wang opted for a soupcon of highlighter neon, seen in peekaboo bras and sporty seams, with Prada taking a similar approach with sherbet-hued feather trims. There was no such minimalism at Chloe or Chanel, where head-to-toe looks in saffron and canary respectively made the case for yellow as a flattering wardrobe staple throughout the warmer months.Maybe it’s the fact that the average age of most designers is 35, or that theory that whatever was in fashion 20 years ago is cool again, or maybe it’s Stranger Things reminding us that the Eighites were cool after all, but there’s definitely a fondness for the decade that style seemingly forgot right now. The designers doing it in the biggest way were Rodarte (think exaggerated shoulders), Isabel Marant (frou-frou skater skirts) and Saint Laurent (leather mini-dresses).WATCH: History of Fashion WeekREAD MORE:On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ads For Spring/Summer 2017READ MORE:The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE:Hygge Your Wardrobe This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you use it to plan outfits, interiors or your next baking extravaganza, Pinterest is a limitless source of inspiration. One minute you're just casually pinning, and the next thing you know, you’ve lost an hour down a black hole of boards.While curating ideas on Pinterest is effortless, recreating those ideas yourself is not. Until now.This week Pinterest have introduced a new feature called ‘Shop the Look’ which lets users click on individual items within photos, and buy them. Pretty genius.Until recently, Pinterest only offered ‘Buyable Pins’ which meant only one item in the image you’d pinned was shoppable.Even better, the new ‘Shop the Look’ feature will also suggest similar items available if the piece you've got your heart set on isn't for sale.Alongside this snazzy new feature, Pinterest have also introduced another function that will make the shopping experience more straightforward.‘Lens’, will allow you to upload an image of something you’ve seen (whether that’s a jacket spotted on a friend or sofa you’ve lusted after in a hotel), and Pinterest will find you that item, or as similar as it can based on your image. A little like Google’s reverse image search, this clever new tool makes tracking down your dream purchases that little bit easier.READ MORE: The Best New York Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: The Best Fashion Bloggers To Follow On Instagram READ MORE: Why 2017 Is The Year Of The Newsletter (Plus The Ones You Should Be Reading)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not many people would expect Kylie Jenner’s clothing store to cater to all sizes. However, when the youngest Jenner sister started sharing imagery of her new line, embossed brazenly with the word, ‘THICK!’ and modelled by prominent curve model Barbie Ferreira, I (stupidly) hoped so. In reality, Kylie’s “Thick” merchandise only goes up to a size large - a UK size 16 and an American 12.Considering Jenner’s previous lines ran up to a size 2XL, it feels especially redundant that the range of sizes has been reduced on the very items that are cashing in on what thicker, bigger, curvier women are meant to represent. While it’s still up for debate whether it’s fine for Jenner to market her brand as thick at all, the lack of inclusion of plus size women feels like just another setback for the curvy community.Recently, thanks to people like Jenner’s famous sisters as well as social media, curves has become a mainstream beauty standard. The things that plus size women have been mocked for - their hips, their thighs, their asses and breasts – are suddenly desirable. But only desirable when they fit into the a specific ‘thick’ aesthetic: one of thin waists, flat stomachs and ridiculous proportions.Not only are these types of bodies incredibly hard to attain and maintain, but they are marketed as if they’re only achievable through products that social media stars advertise online. We’re told that only when we’ve purchased a waist trainer and bum firming lotion, do we fit the new standard for beauty and are then allowed to purchase the Kylie Jenner endorsed ‘thick’ merch. And, this goes without saying, you still have to be smaller than a size large.The fact that the bikini set and sportswear labelled with ‘thick’ in Jenner’s collection also comes in a size XS feels laughable. While I don’t wish to exclude thinner women from any situation, this slogan should belong to plus size women. It’s the opposite of thinness; the opposite of what has been the ideal for the majority of our lives. Now, as thickness is turned into a positive, the plus size community is still ignored from the conversation.It seems unlikely that Jenner deliberately set out to make to exclude anyone, and I’m far from claiming that. But decisions like these affect real people on a very real, conscious level. Every micro-aggression counts towards a larger, social construct of hate against plus size people and this particular exclusion of plus sizes in a 'thick' labelled range definitely contributes to it.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:How Donald Trump’s Trolling of Nordstrom Backfired12 NYFW Trends To Make You PurrThe One Thing The Next Editor of Vogue Needs To Fix STATFollow Georgina on Instagram @princessgeorginaThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since Melania Trump has taken up her position as First Lady, the fashion world have been split on the subject of dressing the President’s wife. While a plethora of designers have refused to dress Melania Trump, others, namely Ralph Lauren, have been supportive.One organisation who are keen to win over the First Lady, is anti-fur group, PETA.Pamela Anderson, long time animal rights activist and Honorary PETA Director, has sent Melania an eco faux-fur coat to thank her for choosing a fur-free look at the presidential inauguration. The custom-design black lamb-look coat was created by Russian faux-fur manufacturer Only Me.“Amid all the mania at the inauguration, you looked stunning in an outfit by Ralph Lauren—one of many fur-free designers. I am so happy that you chose not to wear fur! As first lady, you will help set style trends, and by remaining compassionate with your choices, you will warm the hearts of many,” Anderson wrote in a letter to Melania.PETA are hoping that by dressing the controversial figure they can draw attention to animal rights, and continue the tradition of presidential families supporting the anti-fur movement.“We decided that since the world is looking at Melania Trump, we would ask her to be a style icon with a heart. Michelle Obama has never worn fur, the Bush wives never wore fur. When Nixon was in office he made a statement about the Republican ‘cloth coat’ and his wife never wore fur. So Pam is saying to Melania, ‘please keep this going’,” PETA’s founder, Ingrid Newkirk told The Telegraph.Whether or not Melania Trump will oblige is yet to be revealed. Watch this space.READ MORE: Ralph Lauren Is Facing Backlash For Dressing Melania TrumpREAD MORE: The Women Leading The Trump ProtestsREAD MORE: Trump Trivia: Everything You Need To Know About America's New First Family© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yes, the cult noughties brand has made an unanticipated comeback.Renowned for cropped hoodies and slogan emblazoned tees, our teenage self couldn’t stop coveting Pineapple back in the day.And now the brand has collaborated with Finery for an exclusive capsule collection.The ten-piece line co-designed with Pineapple founder Debbie Moore OBE features pieces named after ballet poses, from the Plie Wrap Body to the Arabesque Hoodie. Each of which were inspired through extensive research into Pineapple's archive.The aim of the new collection is to combine Pineapple's heritage with the needs of the modern day woman. Whether you're 'in the mood to dance or in the mood to move'.Debbie revolutionised dancewear for women as she became the first to ever use lycra in the creation of ballet attire.And the new collaboration is just as awe-inspiring in the year 2017.The 70-year-old said: "I’m really happy with the final collection and can’t wait to see some of our dancers wearing it in the studio – but the important thing is I don’t want women to feel like they have to wear this to dance in, it’s just as suitable to wear out and about too!"The collection is available online now at Finery and Selfridges.Shop our favourite pieces in the gallery below:Credit: Finery x PineapplePineapple x Finery Plie Wrap Body, £49, FineryFinery - Grazia2of5Pineapple x Finery Plie Wrap Body, £49, FineryPineapple x Finery Cabriole Sweat Pants, £59, Finery Pineapple x Finery Cabriole Sweat Pants, £59, FineryPineapple x Finery Chasse Ballet Wrap, £45, Finery Pineapple x Finery Adagio Body, £39, Finery READ MORE: Mango Just Launched A New Collection And We Want EverythingREAD MORE: Bella Freud Teams Up With J Brand For A New Collection© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week is practically on our doorstep. Can you just imagine a day in the life of one of its stars? Think of the glitz, the glamour! Or as Shit Model Management says, the total façade.Shit Model Management was born the day one model was drained by the ‘unbelievably bullshit’ she endured on a daily basis, she set up an Instagram account calling the industry out. Besides being a much-needed place to vent her feelings and frustrations, she hoped it would entice fellow models to do likewise too.Since it's launch a year ago, it's recently been gaining real momentum. Memes are witty, sharp, sarcastic, catty and pure Miranda Priestly. A total of 103k Instagrammers are lapping them up and we can see why: "How do I get into modeling???" "Sell your soul bby"A post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on Feb 8, 2017 at 9:47am PST @pocketmoney hey big headA post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on Feb 9, 2017 at 10:55am PST Who else is chillin with Wang #rawr #xd :3A post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on Feb 2, 2017 at 3:36pm PST Is there a way you can do my makeup without touching my face or putting any product on itA post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on Dec 3, 2016 at 3:25pm PST "You did DIOR??!!?? HOW MUCH WERE YOU PAID??😍😍😍😍😍" "I'd rather not answer that"A post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on Jun 3, 2016 at 9:23am PDT Go easy on me @nyfwA post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on Jan 27, 2017 at 9:12am PST Bye bye party ppl idk why I came in the first placeA post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on Feb 8, 2017 at 9:40am PST But we're models. But we're humans. But we're ugly on Saturdays too.A post shared by  Shit Model Management (@shitmodelmgmt) on May 22, 2016 at 10:12am PDTJokes aside, its mystery founder wants to send out a far more serious message. In an interview with i-D she highlighted a worrying reality; model's poor treatment and disregard for their health is prioritising body image over mental health. This is something she is adamant to change. If exposing the industry's flaws in a tongue-in-cheek fashion will capture directors, designers and agents attention, she's going to carry on Instagramming away. The mystery model confessed, ‘It's got to the point where I am embarrassed to be a part of the fashion industry because their beauty standards are so out-dated. Until I see every race, gender, and size on the runway, I will not accept designers' definition of diversity.’Can we second that? With hints of more interactive SMM features and merch in the pipeline, keep your eyes and ears peeled...Like This? You Might Also Be Interested In:What Exactly Is The Point Of The Victoria's Secret Show?These Pictures Show How Small 'Sample Size' Clothes Really AreIs The Fashion Industry Finally Catching Up With Real Time?Follow Siobhan on Instagram @siobhanslThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last year, I bought a pair of bright yellow Gucci heeled loafers. I’d gone in for a black pair, but Grazia's style editor Chloe talked me into trying on the yellow instead, and that was it. They’re my friendliest shoes, winning me compliments wherever I go: my boss loves them, the man in my local garden centre loves them, even my usually-standoffish fellow commuters love them. But each compliment comes with the same follow up - I love your shoes! I can't wear yellow, though; it doesn't suit me. Sorry, what? If the first pair of jeans you tried on looked gopping, would you swear off jeans forever? Course you wouldn’t.And so it is with shades of yellow – you just need to find the right one for you. There were more yellow hues on the SS17 catwalks than a Farrow & Ball paint chart; sherbet at Prada, canary at Chanel, saffron at Chloe.As a general rule of thumb, mustard looks brilliant on black skin, olive colourings can pull off acidic yellows, asian skintones suit brighter golds, and the super-fair (redheads, that’s you too) should try lemon or buttermilk (see Marni). One you’ve found your yellow, working out what to wear it with is the next challenge: or at least it would be, but for our handy gallery below: clash against leopard print, channel a bumble bee in yellow and black, or add some white to that yolk. Ready? Here comes the sun…This long raincoat from A.W.A.K.E. is available at brownsfashion.com for £500Yellow clothing - Grazia2of12This long raincoat from A.W.A.K.E. is available at brownsfashion.com for £500This striped t-shirt is from Etoile Isabel Marant is £110 from net-a-porter.comThese soft booties are £80 from French Connection (frenchconnection.com)This yellow-strapped watch is £145 from TID Watches at Harvey Nicols (harveynicols.com)This Conflict of Ego hoodie from Wolf & Badger (wolfandbadger.com) is £120These flares from Dries Van Noten are £250 at brownsfashion.comThis ribbed jumper is £30 from Miss Selfridge (missselfridge.com)This cross-over yellow bag is £130 from Lacoste (lacoste.com)These mustard ankle boots are £39.99 from Zara (zara.com)This draped satin dress by Victoria Beckham is £1495 from net-a-porter.comThese wide-leg trousers are £35 from Marks & Spencer (marksandspencer.com)These crystal flower-drop earrings are £280 by Simone Rocha at Matches (matchesfashion.com)WATCH: History of Fashion WeekREAD MORE: The Top 20 Mules To Buy Now: Slip Back Into The TrendREAD MORE: The Best New York Fashion Week Street StyleREAD MORE: 12 Of The Best Long-Sleeved Dresses For Whatever The Weather© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...London Fashion Week starts this Friday (hurrah!), so we’ve rounded up nine things you can buy to impress the fashion pack at 2017's A/W shows. Happening over five days from Friday 17 to Tuesday 21 February, the capital will host shows from Burberry, Topshop Unique, Anya Hindmarch and Mary Katrantzou (and you can follow it all on our Instagram Stories).Everyone who’s anyone will be there, from A-listers to street style icons, from bloggers to vloggers, and it’s really essential that you’ve got the right kit. Check out our list of things that'll set you back less than a tenner, including conversation-starting statement pieces to complement your LFW look, super-cool stationery to take notes in style, and - most importantly - the most Instagrammable sugary treats to help you through those looonnng (but extremely fun) days.Like this? You might also be interested in:9 Things Under 9 Quid Everyone at NYFW Secretly OwnsCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Why We're Ditching Handbags For LFWFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We've been aware for some time now that Mango is sneakily overtaking Zara in the shopping stakes. And now, we have further proof...The Spanish competitor has been paving the way for a couple of months with slip-on mules, flute-sleeved jumpers and floor-skimming jackets aplenty - all coveted by bloggers far and wide.And now the cult brand has announced the launch of a whole new collection, Mango Committed. AKA, the brand’s first ever sustainable line.The 45-piece collection has been created entirely from organic and recycled cotton before being dyed with environmentally friendly inks.But this certainly doesn't sacrifice the aesthetically pleasing lure of the line. Shot by Josh Olins, the campaign features real-life model couple Raquel Zimmermann and Mathias Lauridsen, who are pictured in the against the rather fitting iconic backdrop of Maison Gaudet.And we want everything. The line is born out of a minimal palette, with pastel greens and oatmeal hues, ensuring we can build the ultimate trans-seasonal wardrobe in a matter of minutes.We're talking tailored two-piece co-ords, corseted skirts and crisp shirts with sleeves of gigantic proportions. It's a sartorial palette to tease all tastes.The collection ranges from £20 to £100 and hits stores on March 1.Take note of our favourite pieces in the gallery below:Credit: MangoThis is the definition of a tran-seasonal garment. Simply tuck into a wide corset and a suede skirt. We'll be accessorising the shirt with supersized earrings and a topknot when the sun peeps through. Blouse, £69.99, MangoMango Committed - Grazia2of5This is the definition of a tran-seasonal garment. Simply tuck into a wide corset and a suede skirt. We'll be accessorising the shirt with supersized earrings and a topknot when the sun peeps through. Blouse, £69.99, MangoWe'll be pairing this buttoned blouse with pastel shorts, slip-ons and a camel trench come summer. Accessorise with oversized earrings and a cross-body bag. It'll be sartorial perfection come summer. Trust us...Blouse, £39.99, Mango We'll be donning a wide-sleeved white shirt with these belted trousers asap. Now all we need it a floppy straw hat and a holiday...Mustard Trousers, £49.99, MangoThis is just one element of a dreamy silk co-ord. Simply team the suit up with open-toe heels and a large buckle clutch and you're good to go. Or, simply pair the pastel green blazer with a flute-sleeved shirt (let the cuffs peep through) and jeans. Pastel Green Blazer, £79.99, MangoThis is by far our favourite piece from the collection. Ruffled shoulders, puffed up sleeves and an apron-like aesthetic. How many more trends could one dress tackle? We'll be pairing this up with knee-high gladiator sandals come summer and opting for suede ankle boots while the cold weather persists. Victoriana Style Dress, £39.99, MangoREAD MORE: Bella Freud Teams Up With J Brand For A New CollectionREAD MORE: We Have Evidence That This Is The Jewellery Trend Everyone Is Coveting© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We've all tentatively placed a favourite dress or T-shirt into the washing machine and crossed our fingers, only to open the door and find it (often literally) to be half the garment we parted with an hour ago.Giles Deacon's latest fashionable endeavour seeks to combat precisely that moment. The designer and Ariel ambassador has joined forces with the brand once again, this time to create clothes that look just as good as new after they've been through a spin cycle. The result, the Redefine Clean Eek! collection, takes Deacon's instantly recognisable design hallmarks and translates them into vibrant, accessible styles.We caught up with the designer to learn more about his new collaboration...I've been Ariel's ambassador for three years, and the combination of fashion and technology is something I'm really fascinated by. We started off in the beginning with the concept of making clothes that people couldn't ever imagine being able to put in a washing machine - ballgown-y affairs in very unusual fabrics. This collection was designed to be much more affordable, with interchangeable pieces that have been fully wash tested. During the design process, someone from Ariel came up with the clever idea that we stain the hell out of things and then shoot the campaign video. We basically sprayed these predominantly white garments with everything from mango sorbet to strawberry jam, then put them through the one wash test: they came out not only clean but looking as good as new. You'd never know it had been through that process.First, I knew I wanted it to be aspirational yet accessible. The [Ariel] collections have always been demonstrations of what the products could do. With the 3 in 1 pods, we wanted to make it a viable proposition with the pop-up shop experiment, so people could see the technology in action for themselves. We took some of the sporty graphics and colours from my previous collections: they're sports-inspired styles, without actually being sportswear. It was important that the styles would suit every woman, and still have the Giles signature.Print, particularly animal prints, always plays a big part in my collections, and then we introduced the little mouse character, that felt quite cheeky and fun.It needs to have a strong message behind it – there needs to be a real reason for it to happen. I take my involvement in collaborations very seriously, and helping to make people’s clothes stay looking as good as new for as long a time as possible is a really positive thing. If you’ve invested money in buying a piece, you don’t want it to just disintegrate. We all have that first wash anxiety, when that great t-shirt you’ve just bought shrinks away to nothing.With couture, the great thing is that each piece has its own character, and you have space to explore and continue themes season after season. At the same time, I've always believed in democracy of design, and so I love the fact that we can put in the same amount of effort as we would with a couture collection, in a slightly different way. It's just as involving as couture, in terms of the science and technology that makes the garments work at an affordable price. I appreciate that not everyone can afford couture, and it's great to know that your collection is accessible and affordable. It's taken about a year in work and development to find the right fabrics.I’ve been so spoilt on that front with so many wonderful clients, from Cate Blanchett through to Miss Piggy. Rooney Mara is someone I’d like to dress; we’ve not worked with her before and she certainly has very interesting personal style.See Giles Deacon's Redefine Clean Eek! collection in action with Ariel's 3in1 pods in the video belowFancy the chance to win your own dress from Giles' Redefine Clean Eek! collection? Simply enter the competition below by selecting your size (small, medium or large) and registering your details. Good luck!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sure, it might be the first lap in the month-long run of shows, but New York Fashion Week, which is happening right now, is setting the tone for 2017. As the clothes won’t be able in stores for at least another six months, some would say it’s too early to predict which trends will actually stick. But, a quick scroll back through this week’s autumn/winter 2017 collections and instantly 12 strong statements are revealed.Overall, it looks like the coming season is remarkably wearable as most labels left grandeur and ostentatious signs of wealth at the door. However, don’t go thinking this was a week of subtle minimalism. Because it wasn’t. The mood was definitely and directly anti-Trump. Between the Council of Fashion Designers of America giving out pro-Planned Parenthood badges, models and designers wearing solidarity white handkerchiefs and designers mocking the President, it was one hell of a ‘woke’ week. The shows were still mega-watt affairs with Paris Hilton walking at Christian Cowan and the ‘hot convict’ (remember him) making his catwalk debut at Phillip Plein. That all aside, here are the 12 trends you need to get to actually know now.Who: Prabal Gurung, Public School, Jeremy Scott, Rachel Antonoff, Tome, Gypsy Sport, Calvin Klein CollectionRaf Simon’s debut Calvin Klein collection was an ode to Americana. In a time, terse with partisan unrest, Simons – an émigré to the US himself - synthesised the aesthetic of a nation made of immigrants; he lined jackets with traditional quilts, riffed on cowboy silhouettes and even tailored a skirt out of the American flag. Public School were more outspoken with their anti-Trump agenda with caps and tops emblazoned with the slogan as: ‘Make American New York’. Prabal Gurung and Rachel Antonoff used their collections to campaign for women’s rights. Rachel littered hers with symbols of female anatomy and tampons while Bella Hadid closed the Prabal Gurung show in a t-shirt writ large with the phrase: ‘The Future is Female’.Who: Diane Von Furstenberg, Altuzzara, Prabal Gurung, Creatures of Comfort, Jason Wu, Milly, A Détacher, Monse, Calvin Klein CollectionFrom highlighter bright to warm saffron, a yolky wash colours autumn’s collections. Silhouettes of the season – like stomp boots and velvet gowns – come in tawny sand, gold, and blonde. Tome’s asymmetric dress looked like liquid gold as it sashayed down the catwalk, Monse’s knotted top shone over leather trousers, and Prabal Gurung made the citrus shade soar with a tea dress layered over an oatmeal polo neck and white tights.Who: Prabal Gurung, Sies Marjan, Area, Gyspy Sport, Eric SchlösbergLooking (very far) ahead to NYE, shimmering silvers, pearlescent fuchsia and molten gold are already catching our eyes. In the hands of Eric Schlösberg, leather flares are gilded, and over at Sies Marjan, biker jackets are made of a hot pink metallic yarn.Who: Tome, Rachel Antonoff, Self-Portrait, MonseThere’s no running away, this was one of the most tick boxed trends of the shows so far. In rich jewel colours, this tactile textile became a designer shortcut for luxe. Monse and Tome used draping to give the weighty fabric movement while Rachel Antonoff neutralised its after-dark nature by tailoring sportswear hoodies and track pants out of it.Who: Rosetta Getty, Area, Dion Lee, Ryan Roche, Jill Stuart, Eric Schlösberg, Monse, Calvin Klein Collection, The RowBrilliant red shades burned a poker of fire through the NYFW catwalks. Mirroring the incensed mood of the season, Ryan Roche sent out scarlet and oxblood head-to-toe looks; Eric Schlösberg tailored sizzling ra-ra skirts and frilled blouses and Dion Lee set the week alight with flaming orange-y red hoodies worn under fur jackets,Who: Jenny Packham, Tome, Public School, Victoria Beckham, Jeremy Scott, A Détacher, Rachel Antonoff, Creatures of The WindSince the seventies, tartan has been a byword in punkish rebellion. As fashion has turned more outwardly political this season it’s only natural that this fabric, which is synonymous with catwalks rebels like Vivienne Westwood and Alexander McQueen and the grunge movement, has taken centre stage once again. At Jenny Packham, long skirts flowed in sky blue and caramel check, at Public School moody navy tartan coloured an oversized flannel shirt, at Victoria Beckham it became more Teresa May-friendly in the shape of a cobalt blazer, and at Jeremy Scott it became a coded motif patterning knickers and suits alike.Who: Gypsy Sport, Jeremy Scott, Eric Schlösberg, A Détacher, 3.1 Phillip LimGypsy Sport and 3.1 Phillip Lim proved there is more to fishnets than tights. When tailored into a long sleeve top with diamante embellishment at Jeremy Scott it adds glitz to a dungaree dress while at 3.1 Phillip Lim it plays a game of hide and seek  in oversized mauve under a short-sleeve top.Who: Jil Stuart, Eric Schlösberg, Adam SelmanWhether you want to or not, relive your school days with suits and blazers laced with school uniform stripes. Regatta colours of burgundy and navy blue have been softly tailored by Jil Stuart, Eric Schlösberg and Adam Selman into looks that will have you sent straight to the headmaster’s office.Who: Calvin Klein Collection, Rosie Assoulin, The RowForget what you know about workwear because this season it’s not about power suits and kitten heels. Calvin Klein, Rosie Assoulin and The Row agree it’s all about the tonal tuck.Who: Jason Wu, Self-Portrait, Calvin Klein Collection, Alexander Wang, Rosie AssoulinPrince of Wales check is intensely wrought into tailored suits, dresses and high waist trousers. At Rosie Assoulin it became a frilled asymmetric suit that set the tone for this royally-approved textile. Twisting the mannish tailored weave into something undeniably feminine, Raf Simons cut it into a double-breasted coat while Self-Portrait used it to pattern a floor-grazing trench coat.Who: Calvin Klein Collection, Victoria Beckham, TibiA tailored jacket is a lifelong investment. However, each season it changes in a tiny way. For autumn, Calvin Klein, Victoria Beckham and Tibi seemingly conferred and agreed: sharp, structured shoulders with a real heft of fabric is ideal. Colour wise, Tibi suggests a vibrant sky blue velvet, but Calvin Klein and Victoria Beckham have opted for subtle textiles.Who: 3.1 Philip Lim, Public School, Victoria Beckham, Sies MarjanEmbellishment is soooo last season, it’s all about the single statement zip for a/w17.  Ubiquitous with hiker's fleeces, the funnel neck zip has had a total rebrand. From party-ready at Sies Marjan to work-aprops at Victoria Beckham, it’s a surprisingly versatile trend.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Abra’s label Awful Records Just Dropped Lit New Merch11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyWe Tried On All The New Threads At Monki So You Don’t Have ToFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If, like us, your grand fitness resolutions for 2017 fell by the wayside sometime in the first week of January, we have just the thing to get you back on the wagon (and back in the gym).If anything can inspire us to break our bad habits and (whisper it) actually enjoy working out, it's some brand new gym gear. Top of our shopping wish list is the debut sportswear collection from Marc Cain, which launched in stores and online at the start of the month.Inspired by the athleisure aesthetic that has proved ubiquitous on the catwalk and off (see any ‘off duty’ photos of Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner for proof), the collection is underpinned by strong, streamlined silhouettes, from sleek leggings to structured sports bras and cropped zip-up bomber jackets. A mixture of bright, vibrant shades and softer, candy-coloured pastels make an appearance, with an injection of bold botanical and animal prints.The campaign stars influencers Tatjana Catic, Camila Carril and Made In Chelsea's Rosie Fortescue.Amongst our favourite key pieces are the light grey sports jacket, £249, the bold fuschia leggings, £119, which make a subtle but convincing case for the pink-orange colour clash, and this simple black vest with mesh detailing, £169, which takes the cold shoulder trend from the catwalk to the gym.Head to www.marc-cain.com to see the collection in full.READ MORE: Five Looks We Loved At Marc Cain's A/W'17 Catwalk Show© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘I think that as much as people want to have a bohemian, wafty wedding dress, we’ve all got cellulite, so you actually need a bit of structure to help you look and feel your best, as you want to on your wedding day,’ says Savannah Miller, holding up the star dress of her new 4-piece bridal collection for Nine at Debenhams.The gown in question, which features a chic high neck, cap sleeves and flattering panelling detail, is proving to be a particular favourite since it launched online two weeks ago, with 40 selling in just under a fortnight – a real coup for the department store.Capturing the spirit of a good old-fashioned English knees-up in the country, the four dresses each have their own distinct personality – one is Twenties in feel, with a drop waist, delicate embroidery and long-sleeves, another is more Seventies, with soft floaty cap sleeves and a cowl neck – but the thing that unites them all is their flattering fit, as well as a certain boho sensibility reminiscent of the other Miller sister, Sienna.‘This was about creating four dresses that are really iconic and symbolic to me of that English country wild wedding but that had a point of difference so that there was something for everybody – an accentuated waist, a drop waist, a capped sleeve, a soft sleeve, a long sleeve,’ Savannah explains. ‘I try not to look around at what everyone else is doing – it’s so over-saturated already – and it’s so easy to think ‘oh they are doing that; we should do that too’ – but actually I feel like what you say is much clearer if you say it from your own voice anyway.’High street bridal wear has had an upsurge in the past 12 months, with collections from Whistles, Ted Baker, Asos and Topshop all launching. Savannah thinks that part of this is to do with the customer – women want to wear something that reflects their own personality, rather than a stereotypical ‘bride’ that they can’t identify with themselves. It is also undoubtedly about the cost with the dress being one of the most expensive elements of any big day.‘We want to have these aspirational moments, yet if you can’t afford to have your bespoke designer wedding gown, you still want to have your beautiful day in something that reflects who you are,’ she explains. ‘I think girls are getting much more true to who they are and wanting to be in something that’s reflecting that, not that ‘I’m getting married, therefore I’ll wear a princess dress’ thing.’Retailing for less than £500, it’s easy to see why the designs are proving so popular. As Savannah puts it: ‘There’s an awful lot of bang for the buck – you wouldn’t actually know it’s high street.’Available now on Debenhams.comREAD MORE: Topshop Launch Wedding CollectionREAD MORE: Best Bridal Shops In London© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Model of the moment Bella Hadid has been announced as the ambassador of cult Swiss watch brand TAG Heuer.The 20-year-old’s latest career move was revealed during New York Fashion Week at Equinox Bond Street. Where else?The collaboration will enable the model to combine her two loves in life, modelling and photography.CEO of TAG Heuer Jean-Claude Biver said: "I am delighted to welcome Bella into the family of TAG Heuer ambassadors. Having Bella on the team enables me to reconnect TAG Heuer with the Millennials and young generations, and also with the brand's avant-garde spirit, the spirit which drives us to do things differently, to innovate and to dare.”The latest collaboration is just another job the model of the moment can add to her evergrowing CV.READ MORE: Bella Hadid's Greatest Style Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether you love or loathe it, Valentine’s Day is the perfect excuse to treat yourself.  Buying yourself fancy underwear is often seen as one of the most self-indulgent purchases, but if you can’t do it on the 14th of February, when can you?Forget about whether or not anyone will actually see your lingerie, we all know it’s the confidence boost a new set of underwear gives that matters the most.From intricate lace to chic bow-adorned pieces, we’ve scoured the shops for the prettiest pieces. Scroll down to see our favourites.Think heart printed underwear was cringe? Think again. This sheer pink set is stylish and sophisticated.Bra, Urban Outfitters,  £19Briefs, Urban Outfitters, £6Delightful pastel blue in colour, and crafted from super soft lace, this set is pretty yet practical. The triangle shaped bra is super comfy while the style stretch lace briefs mean you avoid any unwanted VPL.Bra, Monki, £10Briefs, Monki, £5Created from silk satin and embellished with frastaglio embroidery, this beautiful teal set is sure to make a statement.Bra, La Perla, £262Thong, La Perla, £160The Rolls Royce of underwear, Agent Provocateur have collaborated with Mónica & Penélope Cruz on a more affordable range of serious lust-worthy underwear sets. This stunning set is crafted from French Leavers lace and beautifully embroidered with black and pastel-pink lilies.Bra, L’Agent by Agent Provocateur, £50Briefs, L’Agent by Agent Provocateur, £30If you’re after a retro vibe, this set fits the bill perfectly. We’re a big fan of the gold hardware, contrast piping, and flashes of red.Bra, £34, Bluebella Thong, £16, Bluebella No underwear round-up would be complete without Victoria’s Secret, and the top of our wish list is this cute crochet set.Bra, £53, Victoria’s SecretPants, £22, Victoria’s SecretNothing screams Valentine’s Day like a set of red underwear but this dreamy Topshop set offers up a different take on the classic. We love the pretty lace, mesh panelling, and unique double strap detailing.Bra, Topshop, £18Briefs, Topshop, £10 If you’re looking for a chic alternative to black, try dark burgundy. This luxury guipure lace and satin set is truly special. Plus, the distinctive cross-back bra shape would look great peaking out a low back cami or slip dress.Bra, Fleur Of England, £95Thong, Fleur Of England, £85For something a little different, try a bralette. This semi-padded option is both supportive as well as stylish.Bra, Intimissimi, £42Briefs, Intimissimi, £11Dora Larsen is an experimental underwear designer hailing from Peckham, and her statement rainbow hued pieces are anything but ordinary. Take this neon hued set, it’s guaranteed to brighten the greyest of days.Bra, Dora Larsen, £40Briefs, Dora Larsen, £32Tap into this season’s velvet trend with this luxe feeling black bra and hotpants set. The supremely flattering shape includes a padded bra and cutout detailed pants.Bra, & Other Stories, £25 Hotpants, & Other Stories, £12For a laid back approach to leopard print look no further than Love Stories.Bra, Love Stories, £40Pants, Love Stories, £25 READ MORE: Valentine's Day Gifts We Actually WantREAD MORE: The Best Valentine’s Day Events In LondonREAD MORE: Valentine's Day Gifts He Actually Wants© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s no denying the backlash the new First Family have faced from the fashion industry since the inauguration of Donald Trump on 20 January.Designers such as Tom Ford have refused to dress First Lady Melania Trump in retaliation to her husband’s controversial policies while it was revealed this week that Nordstrom has dropped Ivanka Trump’s fashion label.And now New York Fashion Week has been deemed the ultimate political platform as designers send their rallying message out on the catwalk.A proud feminist, Prabal Gurung, is no stranger to making a political statement on the runway. And this season was certainly no exception.Models including Bella Hadid donned t-shirts emblazoned with phrases such as 'The Future Is Female' while Prabal even wore his own tee with the words, 'This Is What A Feminist Looks Like'.Raf Simons’ debut collection for Calvin Klein saw models walk to David Bowie’s, ‘This Is Not America’, setting off the tone for non-subtle political protest. The show notes emphasised the designer’s aim to depict the ‘unique beauty and emotion of America’ in the ‘coming together of different characters and different individuals’.Stereotypically patriotic garments such as cowboy boots, western shirts and the American stripes were re-invented with male and female models donning the same attire. Perhaps a subtle indication that men and women should receive equal rights under the reign of Trump...On Thursday evening, cult label Creatures of Comfort sent out models donning T-shirts emblazoned with the phrase, ‘We Are All Human Beings’.Knickers bearing the words, ‘No Ban, No Wall’ were coveted at LRS’ debut show on Friday in reference Trump’s recent immigration ban. The president caused controversy after preventing nationals from seven Muslim countries entering the United States of America and all Syrian refugees from seeking asylum.It was recently announced that the Business of Fashion has launched a social media campaign in the wake of Trump’s controversial policies, entitled #TiedTogether. The aim is to prompt people to wear a white bandana and share the image via social media, ‘as a sign to the world that you believe in the common bonds of humankind - regardless of race, sexuality, gender or religion’.And the campaign has already received support from designers such as Prabal Gurung, Philip Lim and Diane Von Furstenberg. The Tommy Hilfiger show on Thursday also saw models take to the catwalk bearing the white bandana on their wrists, a clear message for Trump.READ MORE: Raf Simons Makes Political Statement In Debut Collection For Calvin KleinREAD MORE: Show Your Support For Unity With #TiedTogether© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Getting dressed for London Fashion Week is intimidating. Imagine being in a room with a hundred women who live and breathe clothes. A quick glance and they’ve judged the nuance of your sleeve length, the quality of your coat and the overall price of your wardrobe. With fashion week less than a week away, the pressure is on. Thank the Lord for Whistles.Harper Funnel Neck Knit, £110.00, Luxe Jogger, £80 Post binging on free drinks and dropping $$ on a spenny Uber home, these marl track pants will be a life savour. Structured enough to look like trousers (not gym gear), but comfy enough to feel like you’re still on the couch.*Jocelyn Denim, £95, Tia Cotton Cropped Trouser, £140, Cornel Suede Point Pump, £140*These navy trews fit like a dream – they nip in at the waist and crop just above the ankle. Not as wide and ungainly as some culottes, they are easy to wear with heels or sneaks, depending on how hardy your soles feel that day. Add a bomber, and you’re good to go.Denim Kick Flare Jean, £95It’s bitterly cold right now and while we’d like to think everywhere has central heating, to be real it’s England, this is not the case. Rather than shrug on a cardigan, a lightweight oxblood bomber makes for an LFW-approved alternative to a bobbly sweater.Kezia Cord Belted Shirt Dress, £130, Rosa Double Trim T-shirt, £35Like Jay-Z, Whistles literally put a ring on it. This corduroy mini dress is a dream to style with as you can wear it over a shirt or polo neck in the winter with boots and tights, or, come spring, let your arms and legs breathe.Taylor Fluted Sleeve Knit, £195, **Denim Kick Flare Jean, £95, Arden Tassel Flat Point Shoe, £119High-shine at half the price of a designer leather jacket? Yes, please. Still not exactly cheap as chips, it’s a piece that makes you want to repeat ‘cost per wear, cost per wear’ until you get to the till.Cotton Modal 3/4 Sleeve Basic, £35, Luxe Jogger, £80, **Cornel Suede Point Pump, £140Cold shouldering is still cool, but the flu is definitely not on my agenda. Take this summer trend into winter with Whistles’ long-sleeved shoulder-grazer.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Abra’s label Awful Records Just Dropped Lit New Merch11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyWe Tried On All The New Threads At Monki So You Don’t Have ToFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Storm Niko may have set the forecast at a chilly -1C, but that hasn’t stopped the streets outside New York Fashion Week becoming a catwalk, albeit coat-laden. With strong winds swilling around Manhattan and ice on the ground coats and boots are a must. This blizzard-be-damned as these women won’t let a good look go to waste just for the sake of a few snowflakes. Though London may be a few degrees warmer (thank God!), it’s still worth taking notes on how these girls go about making outerwear look less bulky. It really is remarkable…Leandra Medine AKA Man Repeller won’t be slipping on any frosted streets in these bright red rubber wellies. But, as a fashion girl, she’s managed to coordinate her functional boots with her mini box bag and patchwork coat.James Dean may have liked to wear his biker jacket open, but you don’t have to (especially when there’s a powder of sugary snow falling). As model Maartje Verhoef’s shearling-trimmed coat is oversized, she’s slimmed her silhouette with skinny jeans. Smart move, if you ask us.Vanelli Melli’s biker hat and ‘Sex’ top is the perfect bad-girl antidote to her ultra-fluffy green fur coat. Shoutout to her delicate gold accessories, which tie this look together. Pascaaaal tú crees que se nota que nieva en la foto??? 😂A post shared by  MIRANDA MAKAROFF (@mirandamakaroff) on Feb 9, 2017 at 9:42am PSTDesigner Miranda Makaroff is like a walking kaleidoscope of sunset hues. She’s proof that high-voltage hues look just as good in the snow as the sun.Bundling up in thigh-high boots is an easy way to keep toes warm and dry, but make sure you wear low denier tights for a bit of textural variation.It’s firkin freezing, so if you have an ankle-grazing coat wear it. In a Dynasty move, this guest at the Tadashi Shoji picked a style that slims her shoulders with extra wide lapels.We can all learn a lesson in layering from this Fila hoodie and tailored jacket combination. And, when in doubt add a pair of white hot shades for cool kudos but also to stop you getting snow blindness. Practical and cute.Lisa Hahnbueck's Desigual scarlet vinyl trousers are the plastic-fantastic fix we need STAT. Sassy and slick – two boxes we always want to tick.Approved by Vogue and already adopted by NY fashion editors, athluxury is the high-end spin on the sporty uniform. Dua Lipa’s covetable Chanel backpack and hoodie are keeping her cosy and on point.Check out how Caroline Issa makes tartan pop with true blue jeans and marl Lacoste sneakers.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Abra’s label Awful Records Just Dropped Lit New Merch11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyWe Tried On All The New Threads At Monki So You Don’t Have ToFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Raf Simons exited Christian Dior in October 2015 after three and a half years at the creative reigns, the fashion rumour mill was in full swing, debating the designer's next venture.But last summer, the fashion crowd was surprised to learn that the designer would take on the role as chief creative officer at Calvin Klein.And admittedly, predecessor Francisco Costa, who exited the American fashion house in April 2016, left some pretty big shoes to fill.But having re-branded Dior, Simons’ debut for Calvin Klein promised a re-think in aesthetic and it most certainly delivered.Set in the Calvin Klein building just a stones throw from Times Square, Simons debuted his collection at New York Fashion Week in all its glory. And it was undeniably a stark contrast from the iconic minimalist hue coveted by predecessor Costa.The show juxtaposed nostalgia with the new as Brooke Shields, the original ‘80s ‘nothing comes between me and my Calvins’ model, sat front row alongside fashion’s newest It darlings such as Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown.Set against artist Sterling Ruby’s installation, models marched out to the beat of David Bowie’s, ‘This Is Not America’.  And it was every bit intentional as Simons wrote in the show notes: “It reflects the environment. All of these different people with different styles and dress codes. It’s the future, the past, Art Deco, the city, the American West…all of these things and none of these things.  Not one era, not one thing, not one look. It is the coming together of different characters and different individuals, just like America itself. It is the unique beauty and emotion of America.”And the garments re-invented what it means to be American in a turbulent political climate reigned by Trump. Wall Street suits, varsity jumpers, cowboy boots and sheriff’s jackets were re-interpreted - a symbol of a new type of patriotism.The men and women’s garments purposefully mirrored one another, perhaps a sartorial indication of equal rights regardless of gender?The collection conveyed the mood of the seventies with all black leather get-ups, dark wash denim and turtlenecks layered beneath western style shirts, while American flags lay beneath bed quilt-esque coats donned with steel-cap cowboy boots.We cannot wait to see what else New York Fashion Week has in store.Watch this space...READ MORE: The Best-Dressed Stars At The 2017 AmfAR Gala© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I collect Vogues like some women collect jeans - you know they all look relatively similar but there's always one difference to keep you going back for more. And yet when Alexandra Shulman confirmed her forthcoming departure from British Vogue, it's safe to say that the gushing admiration of her tenure made me uncomfortable.There’s no denying Shulman has made significant strides to make the magazine more than catwalk videos and sartorial ‘how tos’. For Shulman, fashion doesn't have to be frivolous: it can occasionally be agenda-setting. From debating whether fashion predicted Brexit to interviews with political figures, its pages can be provocative and invite readers to engage with the social issues of the day. Shulman herself has acknowledged this, telling Metro last year that she's much more interested in the, 'culture of how and why we buy clothes. That's the way my mind works.' But what made me more uncomfortable, even furious, was that in a quarter of a century there have only been three covers featuring solo black models. As we're in an age where celebrating diversity is commonplace, I want the next editor of Vogue keep in step with society.My relationship with the magazine at best is a strained one. Yes, I'd save my iconic 2001 issue of Naomi Campbell in a fire but it's hard to reconcile my devotion to a magazine that has spent so long sidelining women like me and pretending we don't exist. The current issue speaks volumes. While Dutch model-of-the-moment Imaan Hammam is featured on the cover, she's flanked alongside two Caucasian models. It's frustrating that Vogue isn't prepared to take a risk and leave her to shine on her own. And, considering she's a mix of two races (just like me) it seems to reinforce the notion that she’s not quite worthy of a solo debut - or worse, that being ethnically ambiguous can never be in vogue unless accompanied by a white face.Last year, I decided to hit publishers' wallets by cancelling my subscription from several monthly glossies that didn't speak to me on a personal level. While I'm yet to boycott Vogue entirely, purchasing the magazine on occasion doesn't come without a side helping of guilt. As a mixed race girl who has never seen herself reflected in its pages or advertisements, I do worry that by parting with my money, I'm contributing to its lack of diversity.And, I'm certainly not the only one - 21-year-old Fedora Abu was a keen Vogue reader as a teen, buying the magazine most months from the ages of 13 to 19. The languages student, who runs online magazine citoyenne.co.uk, stopped buying it after feeling it had 'stagnated': 'I felt their covers were too homogenous. The lack of black women is in many ways a reflection of the Vogue team, which from their documentaries appears to be predominantly white middle-class. Some magazines are better than others, but on the whole, women of colour are grossly underrepresented in fashion and the media.'A Nigerian friend maintains that ‘nothing’ would make her buy Vogue. She says: ‘I studied art for a degree, but British Vogue just doesn’t have the ability to make me want to buy it. It’s a few fashion seasons before I see a black face on the cover. It’s the same old people looking like a cast member from Made In Chelsea.’ She instead flicks through Ebony and Essence magazines which cater to a predominantly African-American audience and while she says she doesn’t know most of the celebrities as they’re American, ‘at least I can connect to them to some extent’.Of course, glossy magazines can serve the purpose of escapism, but surely the magazine should reflect and at least acknowledge the current world we live in? In an era where Trump has reinstated the Global Gag Rule, a Muslim registry has seen global protests, and refugees from Syria have been blocked from entering the U.S. - all which will hit women, and of course women of colour the hardest - omitting their stories simply won't cut it. It's worrying that in a year of heightened religious, race and class tensions in the UK and abroad, Vogue still chooses to commission stories that aren't reflecting this. Instead, a feature in the February issue charts the trials and tribulations of a woman who has no idea what to wear after years spent in bondage boots (yes really).Fedora agrees, saying she is drawn to magazines who make an ongoing commitment to pushing boundaries. 'Nowadays, I tend to seek out independent magazines (but) I'm not particularly loyal to any specific publication. Spotting a black woman on a cover at the newsstand is so rare that whenever I do find one, I'm generally drawn to it. I wouldn't normally buy Town & Country, but I did when Naomie Harris was on the front.'What's frustrating about Shulman's lack of inclusivity is that she's certainly not averse to risk-taking and incurring the wrath of the fashion establishment. Alienating fashion designers – and even some readers - over the real people issue in November 2016 is a testament to that alone. More than that, she's acutely aware that Vogue's legacy lies in engaging the new generation who are more likely to be drip fed information through their phone than popping a Vogue in their basket at Tesco. Long before D&G's star-studded clickbait show, she tapped into Generation Z's infatuation with social media stars. Forget enigmas, Karlie Kloss, Taylor Swift and Cara Delevingne weren't just mere clothes horses - their combined Instagram following would mean greater coverage and of course ££. And it worked: Vogue recorded a 12.8% increase in the digital edition last year. And I'm certainly not immune - among the Vogues I buy have one thing in common: I follow the cover stars on Instagram avidly (here's looking at you, Rihanna).So for someone who's shrewd enough to recognise that consumers are insatiable for more than just fashion, why then in her 25-year tenure have women of colour been side-lined? Shulman herself seems reticent to change the status quo, admitting she finds it 'difficult to increase an audience without alienating the home team'. She has refuted claims that 'fashion is institutionally racist' but it's hard to take her seriously when there was a 12-year-gap between black solo cover stars. So is putting women of colour on her cover or indeed celebrating them throughout its pages really so scary that deciding to forgo their existence altogether seems easier?And it's not simply the diversity of the models I have an issue with - the only time Vogue appeared to listen to calls for body diversity was in its real people issue. Even so, it was hardly revolutionary considering that a mere two months later, they declared that boobs had fallen out of favour.For Jen, who identifies as mixed race, this is all too familiar - it’s not so much a diversity issue that stops her consuming Vogue: 'The representation issue is far too big to get frustrated by anymore! As a petite person who hasn’t necessarily conformed to the fashion figure promoted by high-end brands, I feel that high-end fashion hasn’t been for someone like me.’I’m optimistic, however, that the future of Vogue doesn’t have to look so whitewashed. In the US and the UK, a host of magazines are increasingly challenging the narrative. Teen Vogue in particularly is a testament to this - interspersed with relationship and celebrity fashion, recent trending stories have reported on celebrity activists and the insidious effect of Trump’s Muslim ban. There's a clear thirst to celebrate women of colour and read about stories beyond the parameter of our privileged bubbles, celebrating all that is diverse about women across the world. It's a model that's working: online traffic has surged for the publication, proving that readers can - and want - woke content.Could a similar revolution hit British Vogue? Perhaps so if they are committed to an active dialogue about diversity and issues that affect women of colour who are actively consuming content. Moreover, of the women I spoke to, there was a clear need for the hiring process to include women of colour to feed into content that other women of colour want to know. After all, being woke might be in vogue, but it shouldn’t be a trend.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Vogue’s Most Un-Vogue MomentsDigesting Dolce & Gabbana’s Clickbait Fashion ShowCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Follow Layla on Twitter @layla_haidrani This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...For those who loved the '90s clip-clop mules shoe, you'll be delighted to know that the trend is returning for spring. If you fiercelessly refused to take off your mules last year as you stepped into wintry temperatures with bare ankles, then we have good news: it's time to dig out them out again. And if you missed out on the trend last time, then we're here to make sure you're one clip-clop ahead in 2017.As stubborn as the name suggests, the iconic mule is refusing to leave our trend radar or the catwalks, and the high street is still on board, too. Whether you want a shoe that is comfy, practical, but still office-chic, or whether you're coveting a more stylish mule with a peep-toe and heel that will dress up a basic outfit, we have found the shoe for you. (For all the shoes listed see the gallery below.)You can choose a classic mule shape like J.Crew's black leather mules with a tan heel, or for something more special you'll love the gold metallic mules from Topshop. Or if you want something from day-to-day then the black classic slip-ons from River Island are the shoes for you. And on the designer front Senso have a gorgeous selection of mules if you want to tackle the trend head on (we love the buckle detailed mule), and Gucci have designed a luxurious fringed suede mule in an emerald green hue - the standout shoe for this season.We have picked the top 20 ways you can slip into this trend. From designer through to high street, these are the best mules out there now. Don't miss out!Dana Persian Blue Suede Mules, £45 from L.K.BennettAlso available in Brown Rust.20 Best Mules - Grazia2of21Dana Persian Blue Suede Mules, £45 from L.K.BennettAlso available in Brown Rust.Heeled Leather Mules, £125 from & Other StoriesFabric Mules, £29.99 from ZaraDorateymur Munise Embellished Suede Mules, £365 from Net-a-porterJuniper Frill Mules, £72 from TopshopJuicy V-Cut Mules, £56 from ToyshopMADRID Premium Leather Mule, £45 from ASOSPINKIE Pointed Heeled Mules, £30 from ASOSBlack Leather Twist Front Mules, £34.99 from New LookBlack Leather Slip On Mules, £48 from River IslandABRICE Open-Toe Heel Mule In Suede Goatskin from Robert ClergerieALICE Moccasin Shaped Closed Toe Mule In Reptile Grained Calfskin from Robert ClergerieMarlow Mules, £158 from J.CrewCharlie Slides In Glossy Leather, £188 from J.CrewBalenciaga Leather Mules, £445 from Net-a-porterSam Edelman Stanley Slub Satin Mules, £115 from Net-a-porterGucci Marmont Fringed Suede Mules, £485 from Net-a-porterAlso available in black and silverZulu Ice Snake Print, $189 from SensoWillow Ebony Matt Calf Gold Buckle Detail, Leather Upper, $285 from SensoHeel Leather Mules, £59.99 from MangoFloral Jacquard Slip-On Loafers, £159 from EssentielWATCH: History of Fashion WeekREAD MORE: The Best Knit Jumpers To Keep You Cosy This WinterREAD MORE: Up Your Winter Workwear WadrobeREAD MORE: 12 Of The Best Long-Sleeve Dresses For Whatever The Weather© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To celebrate our partnership with London Fashion Week Festival we are giving away two LUXE tickets to the fashion extravaganza held at 180 Strand, London so that you can enjoy the life of a VIP fashion insider.One lucky Grazia reader will win a pair of LUXE tickets which includes the following:Fast track access to the event from 3.30pm on Friday 24th February so you can enjoy shopping at show exclusive ratesAccess to the LUXE Lounge with complimentary drinksFront row seats at the Trend ShowStyle talk from industry expertLimited Edition tote bag designed exclusively for London Fashion Week Festival by Dame Vivienne Westwood, and filled with LUXE giftsPrivate till point with shopping concierge servicePlus ten lucky runners-up will receive a pair of Bronze tickets worth £20 each and a limited edition tote bag.To enter, simply fill in your details below.Terms and conditionsPrize is one pair of LUXE tickets (2 prizes available), valid on Friday 24 February 2017.The prize is non-transferrable and no cash alternative is available.RRP £145 per ticket, prize value £290. Plus ten pairs of bronze tickets and limited edition Vivienne Westwood tote RRP £20 per ticket.Competition closes Friday 17th February. Winners will be selected at random and notified on Monday 20th February.Tickets available for collection at event – details to follow upon selection.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Charles Darwin once said, ‘It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.’ If we didn’t know better, we’d say he was talking about Juicy Couture. Amidst the revival of early 2000s trends in fashion, beauty and music the brand to come out on top is surely this velour label.The first sign that the Los Angeles label was repositioning itself was last July when it collaborated with Vetements. It was easy to dismiss it as strategic nostalgia marketing, but it was more than that. The latest news that the label has been picked up by Urban Outfitters proves this revival movement is much more than a flash in the pan. If we’re honest, we should have seen this coming as it’s the natural evolutionary step since the fashion circuit has already fully embraced Noughties-inspired athleisure labels like Caitlin Price and Astrid Andersen. But, in a world that’s happily made meme’s mocking Paris Hilton’s fashion choices, we didn’t.As solid proof that a new zip-up or tie-waist trouser should be on your payday wish list, Juicy is now stocked by the tri-factor of British high street powerhouses. Alongside Urban Outfitters who just announced its new collaboration with the LA label with a campaign starring Tinashe, the Cali-girl brand is available at ASOS and Topshop. This is a telling sign that this brand is here to stay!Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Abra’s label Awful Records Just Dropped Lit New Merch11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyWe Tried On All The New Threads At Monki So You Don’t Have ToFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you’re anything like us, your January attire will have so far consisted of voluminous tops layered over a-bit-too-tight jeans (we’re still carrying a little holiday weight, ok?). Sadly, even the chicest of slobwear won’t cut it now that we’re back at work - but since we’ve also over-indulged in the shops, forking out for a whole new year wardrobe is out of the question. Our solution? A power-dress-for-less uniform of go-with-everything essentials under £100 - spot on if you’re planning to ask for a pay rise to kick start the new year (and pay off your credit card). Starting from scratch? Try our power dressing gateway buy, the crisp cotton shirt, in bright white or blue stripes - just try not to spill coffee on it. This season’s just-below-the-knee skirts (via Massimo Dutti) will work with  last season’s boots; knee-highs will be warmest, or reinvent that festive pair of metallic ankle-highs with semi-sheer black tights. Or go full CEO in a boxy, double breasted blazer – buy a size up from your usual for a more luxe look. And since no ‘back to school’ regression would be complete without a trip to the shoe shop, try Xon Office's pointy flats for size - if you ask nicely, they might even let you have a go on the sliding foot measuring gauge.This grey wool coat is the perfect hybrid of stylish and practical to see you through winter. We particularly love the on-trend longer length.Grey wool coat, £89.99,  (Zara)Metallic details were everywhere for autumn/winter ’17 and the easiest way to adopt the trend is through your accessories. We love these silver-heedled ankle boots from Zalando.Faith black heeled ankle boots, £59.99, ZalandoNo longer the preserve of girlish summer dresses, gingham has had something of a grown-up makeover this season – case in point, this chic blouse.Gingham blouse, £15, Tu at Sainsbury'sPlissé pleated skirts have been around for a few seasons now and are showing no signs of going away – adapt yours for the office by choosing a muted hue and teaming with a blouse or smart sweater.Purple skirt, £46,  (Next)This sleek tailored jumpsuit is a no-brainer – it has the simplicity of the LBD with added edge. The bow belt tied at the waist is particularly flattering, too.Jumpsuit, £59, WarehouseShop our edit below.These black boots with a silver heel from Faith at zalando.co.uk are £59.99Winter Workwear - Grazia2of17These black boots with a silver heel from Faith at zalando.co.uk are £59.99This long coat from Warehouse is £89Blouse at £87 from Gestuz at Amazon FashionThis grey coat, available from Zara can be bought for £89.99This green dress is just £39.99 from H&MThis J by Jasper Conran pink trench coat can be bought for £90 from DebenhamsJumper from & Other Stories for £39This grey jumper is £35 from M&S CollectionThese over-the-thigh boots from Matalan is £30This smart black blazer from Monsoon is £79 This metallic purple skirt is £46 from NextThis white blouse from Next is £36These simple black flats from Office are available for £64These leopard print killer heels from River Island are £35This all-black jumpsuit is £59 from WarehouseThese simple purple earrings from Whistles are £35This traditional black bag with a gorgeous strap is £29.99 from ZaraREAD MORE:Winter Workwear Staples All For Less Than £100READ MORE:9 Faux Fur Coats To Combat This Arctic WeatherREAD MORE:Ankle Boots Guaranteed To Make You Happy Come Rain Or Shine© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since we pronounced Miu Miu wrong as a fashion intern, we’ve been super hot on getting the names of our favourite designers right. We can reel off Moschino, Versace and Balmain without a second thought – but can you?To help ensure that you pronounce the famous designers like a pro, Katja Wilde, Head of Didactics at language-learning app Babbel (babbel.com), has shared the correct pronunciations of some of our favourite designers ahead of Paris and Milan Fashion Weeks.Balmain - Bahl-mahnChristian Lacroix - Kris-tee-an Lah-kwahChristian Louboutin – Kris-tee-an Loo-boo-tanGivenchy - Zjee-vahn-sheeHervé Léger - Air-vay Lay-jehrJean-Paul Gaultier – Jzhon-Paul Go-tee-ayLanvin -  Lahn-vahnThierry Mugler - Tee-air-ree Mew-glairYves Saint Laurent - Eve San Law-ronVersace - Ver-sah-cheeBottega Veneta - Bow-tay-gah Veh-neh-taMiuccia Prada - Mew-cha Prah-daGianfranco Ferré  -  Gee-an-franco Feh-rayGiambattista Valli - Gee-am-bah-tee-sta  Vah-leeMoschino - Moss-key-noAlessandra Facchinetti - Al-ay-sandra Fack-in-ett-eeDolce & Gabbana - Doll-chey & Gabb-an-ahSalvatore Ferragamo - Sal-vah-tor-re – Feh-ra-gah-mowMiu Miu - Mew MewVisit www.babbel.com to learn a new language now.READ MORE: Gucci's Next Campaign Will Only Feature Black ModelsREAD MORE: Camilla Elphick Interview© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Rumour has it the POTUS’ daughter Ivanka Trump was once offered a job at Vogue. The story goes: after pulling an all-nighter while revising for her finals, the First Daughter received a phone call out-of-the-blue from Anna Wintour offering her a role at the magazine. To the anger of her father, Donald, and the envy of every fashion-obsessed grad worldwide, she said no. While a life working at a glossy was not in her future, she has always keen to be featured in them. From the young age of 11 she’s been sitting front row at New York Fashion. Now, in honour of NYFW, which started this week, let's take a walk down memory lane and remember all the times Satan’s daughter smized for the street style photographers…New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 1994 New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 1995New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2002 New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2003New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2006New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2006New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2006New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2007 New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2007 Sydney Fashion Week, spring summer 2009New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2012New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2012New York Fashion Week, autumn winter 2013Like this? Then you might also be interested in:We Tried The Best Affordable Gym Gear On The High Street, So You Don't Have To Everyone Is Wearing Tube Socks21 Ridic Poses Instagram Makes Us Do Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...American Vogue made history when the fashion publication endorsed Hillary Clinton during the presidential campaign - a first in its 125 year reign.The presidential candidate was profiled six times in the publication as editor-in-chief Anna Wintour was no stranger to voicing her political opinion.On the endorsement of Clinton, Wintour told Wall Street Journal in a recent interview: "Obviously we felt it was a moment in history for women. At times like that you need to take a leadership position…. To me, it was in support of women."But the editor-in-chief went on to suggest that she wouldn’t hesitate to put First Lady Melania Trump on the cover.She told the publication: "We have a tradition of always covering whoever is the first lady at Vogue and I can't imagine that this time would be any different."Wintour continued, "women have been on everybody's mind [since the election]."This will not be the first time Melania has appeared on the cover of US Vogue however, as she graced the cover 12 years ago when she first wed Donald Trump, who at the time was considered a reality star.But with recent backlash against Trump's controversial policies, Wintour could face criticism if Melania fronts the publication.READ MORE: This Is What's Really Going On In That Viral Melania Trump GifREAD MORE: Trump Trivia: Everything You Need To Know About America's New First Family© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Seven days ago, Nordstrom made a decision any savvy department store would do: it looked at the market and the general milieu of fashion and brought stock accordingly. Business as normal. Well, not quite as their seemingly innocuous decision snowballed into a trolling sesh by the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.Last Thursday the American department store chain released a statement announcing it was severing its ties with Ivanka Trump’s shoe line. ‘We’ve said all along we make buying decisions based on performance,’ it reads. ‘We’ve got thousands of brands – more than 2,000 offered on the site alone. Reviewing their merit and making edits is part of the regular rhythm of our business. Each year we cut about 10 percent and refresh our assortment with about the same amount. In this case, based on the brand’s performance, we’ve decided not to buy it for this season.’It’s no surprise that Ivanka’s collection has lost popularity as her father’s objectors have called for boycotts of all and any Trump businesses. The #GrabYourWallet campaign, which started growing momentum in October, asks shoppers to stop purchasing from Trump, his family and his donors.The President’s daughter didn’t take well to this snub. As a riposte a spokesperson tried to shirk off the brand’s snub, saying: ‘The Ivanka Trump brand continues to expand across categories and distribution with increased customer support, leading us to experience significant year-over-year revenue growth in 2016.‘We believe that the strength of a brand is measured not only by the profits it generates, but the integrity it maintains. The women behind the brand represent a diverse group of professionals and we are proud to say that the Ivanka Trump brand continues to embody the principles upon which it was founded. It is a company built to inspire women with solution-oriented offerings, created to celebrate and service the many aspects of their lives.’While Nordstrom became the toast of social media, congratulated for its bold – and some believe political – move, Donald Trump started drafting his own response. In a tweet yesterday that could be considered a presidential conflict of interest, he said: ‘My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!’Determined to get the last word, Nordstrom responded to his trolling: ‘To reiterate what we’ve already shared when asked, we made this decision based on performance. Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.’Even though the President has always portrayed himself as a soothsayer of business, his trolling has done more good than harm to Nordstrom. As the markets reacted to Trump's tweet, the brand's stock initially dipped. But, by the end of the day, it aggressively jumped up by 4%.Moral of the story: protesting with your pocket works.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Reconstructed Sneakers Are About To Be As Hot As HuarachesFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You may think Donald Glover and Gucci Mane are the reasons everyone is talking about Atlanta’s hip-hop scene. But, it’s not. Abra’s Georgia-based label Awful Records has been tickling our ears with woke beats from Tommy Genesis and Father for some time now. Poised for hitting the mainstream this year, now is the time to invest in sartorial proof that your iTunes library was lit before this crew hit the big time.The line of tees and hats, which is modelled by Danger Incorporated, Father and Lord Narf, has been designed by Aussie illustrator @fuckyoubaker. Like Travis Scott and Justin Bieber merch, Awful uses a distinctive thrash metal font that creates a discourse with alt music nerds. Check out the collection for yourself on the label’s recently designed new website here.Like this? You might also be interested in:9 Things Under 9 Quid Everyone at NYFW Secretly OwnsCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Why We're Ditching Handbags For LFWFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Yesterday’s Gigi Hadid collaboration with Tommy Hilfiger added fuel to the fire of the see-now-buy-now phenomenon. Following the success of Gigi’s first collection for the US label last season, Hilfiger uprooted his brand from its usual spot on the NYFW schedule to show its incendiary spring summer 17 collection in the model’s hometown, Los Angeles. Now old hands at this selling instantly shoppable business, Tommy Hilfiger made the pieces available to pre-order before the show even happened. And, some were so popular that Yahoo Style reported that many had already sold out. But, why all the fuss?Barbie has been doing her bit to plug this latest collection as she designed a special Gigi Hadid doll in the collaboration’s honour.Mixing early 2000s references, like denim mini-skirts, low-riding trousers and bikinis tops, with Coachella cut-offs and headbands, a handful of stars and stripes, lots of logos and a touch of Gunne Sax prairie romance. Patchwork played heavily as a motif, as did fringing and metallic leathers.Stella Maxwell, Hailey Baldwin, Gigi (obvs) and her sister Bella, Joan Smalls, Devon Windsor, Sara Sampaio and Alanna Arrington were all flown in on the private Air Tommy plane for this show.While it was a who’s who of Cali elite – Kaia Gerber, Kris Jenner Sofia Richie and Lady Gaga, who was sporting diamante encrusted eyebrows, took their seats on the front row – a UK contingent was present too. Namely, unlikely friends Natasha Beddingfield and Lewis Hamilton.Not the Duchess of York, but the ex-Black Eyed Peas singer performed at the after-party. Odd choice if you ask us.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Reconstructed Sneakers Are About To Be As Hot As HuarachesFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While fashion month kicks off in New York today, last night all eyes were on California as the fashion crowd decamped to the West Coast for the Tommy X Gigi Spring ’17  show.As global ambassador for the sportswear brand, Gigi Hadid has once again worked on a capsule collection, this time for Spring.The Venice Beach location was transformed into the Tommyland festival, and Gigi enlisted the help of a number of her model squad to join her for the show. Sister Bella was of course her number one choice.Alongside the Hadid sisters, the likes of Joan Smalls, Hailey Baldwin, Sara Sampaio, Alanna Arrington and Devon Windsor also stormed the runway.The FROW was just as star studded with the likes of Lady Gaga, Kaia Gerber, Kris Jenner, Rachel Zoe, and the third Hadid sibling, Amwar Hadid.The fun didn’t stop when the catwalk show wrapped, with Fergie taking to the stage to keep the after-party going.The see-now-buy-now collection pays homage to California, and provides a West Coast twist on the brand’s East Coast heritage.Logo-heavy pieces, sporty swimwear and Tommy’s signature colours were mixed up with the inclusion of floaty boho dresses, seventies silhouettes and sparkly lurex separates.Check out our favourite looks from the show in the gallery below.tommy gigi2of13The collection went on sale last night as the show kicked off, and a number of the pieces have already sold out. To get your hands on the last remaining items, you’ll have to move fast. Click here to see what is left.The watch the show in action for yourself, click here.READ MORE: Is Gigi Hadid Engaged To Zayn Malik?READ MORE: Why Gigi Hadid Is Taking A Break From Social MediaREAD MORE: You Need To See This Video Of Gigi Hadid Singing Popular From Wicked© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Valentine's Day is undoubtedly synonymous with brand spanking new jewellery. But you needn't worry about your love presenting you with a little red box, as we've decided to reclaim the date. The day may be in honour of Saint Valentine but we're looking at it as a rather elaborate excuse to treat ourselves (or a really elaborate hint to our partners).Grazia's fashion assistant Fenella Webb has chosen the jewels at the top of our wishlist this Valentine's Day. So don't just sit back and wait for flowers and chocolates from disappointing 'secret admirers' and instead allow your credit card to work the romantic magic.Take inspiration from the three trends ruling the season:Remember when we told you that the hoop earring had made a comeback this season? Well, what better excuse than Valentine’s Day to invest in the newly re-emerging accessory?This time around, the hoop has re-invented itself with a whole new look. We’re talking minimal shapes, cubist-inspired silhouettes and juxtaposing metals.What’s on the top of our Valentine’s day wish list you ask? The Saturn Hoops, without a doubt. Just imagine them coupled with a crisp white shirt…We’re also coveting the Rondeur Perlee Doublée Chain earrings by Anissa Kermich this season. And can you blame us? The doubled-up silver hoops will work well come day or night paired with a pyjama style shirt and stacked rings.For a daintier option, opt for the Tarantella hoops by ChloBo, don’t be fooled by their size, they still pack the same punch.This season, step out of your comfort zone and swap metallics for vibrant gemstones.  We're seeking a certain sweet vanilla and peach toned ring from Ernest Jones. While the teal teardrop earrings by Irene Neuwirth are at the top of our Valentine's wishlist.Don't be afraid to mix up the hues this season and stack dainty bangles like Pandora's silver bracelet with the rose clasp with contrasting hues and assorted gems.If the very thought of juxtaposing your jewels fills your immaculately ordered monochrome wardrobe with dread then this one's for you. Opt for structural, dare we say it Scandi-inspired, jewellery this season.What's at the top of our Valentine's wishlist you may ask? The Knobbly X Laurie Franck Deconstructed nude necklace from Knobbly Studio of course. Layered up with a dainty gold choker and a coin pendant by Laura Lee Jewellery, there's no better way to make a statement. Finish with a wide-cuffed shirt and stacked rings.Shop the jewellery we actually want this Valentine's Day in the gallery below:Saturn Large Earrings, €390 from Charlotte ChesnaisValentine's Day Jewellery - Grazia2of19Saturn Large Earrings, €390 from Charlotte ChesnaisSophie Bahai Vanderbilt Tassel Earrings, £650 from The LineThree Tone Gold Plated Sterling Silver Earrings, £35 from GemporiaMoments Silver Bangle with Rose Clasp, £65 from PANDORA20/20 Sterling Silver & 18kt Rose Gold Double Loop Necklace, £995.00 from Links LondonDarts of Gold necklace, £3802 from Kat FlorenceGallery Square Ring Set, £99 from SwarovskiTarantella Hoop Earrings 925 Sterling Silver, £45 from ChloBoThe Drop Earrings with crystal drops, £55 from GuessGold-Plated Silver Earrings with Zirconia, 925/1000 silver, £125 from Emporio ArmaniSterling Silver Pearl Earrings, £340 from Thomas SaboScripted Love bracelet, £59 from CANDENZZARondeur Perlee Doublée Chain earring, £775 from Anissa KermicheIrene Neuwirth Diamond, tourmaline & gold earring, £2395 from matchesfashion.comWhite Diamond Bar Necklace, £900 from Diane KordasKnobbly X Laurie Franck Deconstructed Nude Necklace, 9k gold and gold filled chain, $185 from Knobbly StudioThe Medium Initial Coin Necklace, £295 from Laura Lee JewelleryFallen Star Ring, £275 Sophie LisLe Vian 14ct Vanilla Gold and Peach Morganite ring, £1399 from Ernest JonesREAD MORE: These Are The Best Valentine's Day Events You Need To Book, ASAPREAD MORE: Valentine's Day Gifts He Actually WantsREAD MORE: Valentine's Day Gifts She Actually Wants© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The new season’s it-buys might be hitting the shelves, but we’re between a rock and a (really cold) hard place. Should we buy them now, when it’s too cold to wear them, or buy a puffa jacket and risk SS17’s statement buys selling out? Neither. You can have your cake, and eat it too, thanks to LSD – erm, that’s short for Long Sleeved Dresses, obviously.In bright patchworks, animal print, and punchy florals, these are the only frocks to be seen in this summer – and the best bit is, you can wear them right now. All you need is a rollneck (if you don’t already have one, where have you been hiding?) to layer underneath, and a pair of knee-high boots, and Bob’s your super-stylish, cosy-but-chic uncle. Oh, and did we mention that they’re all from the high street?New Look’s cherry blossom will update your staple suede boots – with change from £30 – or dress down Finery’s blue-ruffled devore over a grey marl polo. And if you’re feeling adventurous, a belted LSD could even work over that spangly knit that seemed like such a good idea at Christmas... Trip to the shops, anyone?A floral pattern, especially if it's nice and bright like this gorgeous red dress from George at ASDA is bound to make you feel like spring is well and truly on its way. Layer up while it's still a bit chilly, and wear on its own to your heart's content once the warmer weather comes. A bargain for all season.Need a dress for am evening do but don't want to risk frostbite on your legs? Something like this leopard print ruffle front maxi dress from Myleene Klass at Littlewoods could save your last-minute wardrobe panic, and would work equally work once the sun goes down and the air's a bit cooler on your summer holiday.If patchwork patterns and prints are your thing, there's definitely some LSDs available on the high street that'll take your fancy. We love the detail in the print of this tie-neck dress from Next.Take a look through our gallery below to see our high street LSD picks:This black floral-print midi dress is £29.99 at New Look (newlook.co.uk)Long-sleeved dresses2of12This black floral-print midi dress is £29.99 at New Look (newlook.co.uk)This animal-print dress is from Myleene Klass at Littlewoods (littlewoods.com)This tie-sleeve floral red dress is just £12 from George at ASDA (asda.com)This pretty bell flower dress is £140 from Whistles (whistles.com)This long floral print dress is £39.99 from Zara (zara.com)This asymetric long-sleeved dress is £85 from Topshop Boutique (topshop.com)This statement printed dress from Scotch & Soda is £179.95 (scotch-soda.com)This patterned long-sleeved dress is £39.99 from H&M (hm.com)This high-neck mini dress is £255 from Rixo (rixo.co.uk)This floral print dress with oversized shoulders and puffed sleeves is £25.99 from Bershka (bershka.com)This polka dot dress is £42 from Miss Selfridge (missselfridge.com)This multi-printed tie neck dress is £65 from Next (next.co.uk)READ MORE: 7 Fashion Resolutions You Need To Follow This YearREAD MORE: Logo Tees: FRom Street Stalls To Designer BrandsREAD MORE: How To Remain Fashionable Even When It Rains© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion month kicks off tomorrow in New York, and the AW17 show season looks to be more political than ever.Yesterday we told you about the Fashion Stands with Planned Parenthood initiative created by the CFDA. Designers, models, PRs and influencers are being encouraged to wear one of the bright pink badges to show their support for the non-profit organisation at threat under Trump’s presidency.Over the pond back here in the UK, industry news site, Business of Fashion has created #TiedTogether.In the wake of recent world events, the social media campaign is prompting people to wear a white bandana “as a sign to the world that you believe in the common bonds of humankind — regardless of race, sexuality, gender or religion”.“Business of Fashion invites the fashion industry to stand together and make a clear statement of solidarity, unity and inclusiveness,” the company said in a statement.Business of Fashion is encouraging everyone to wear a white bandanaon their wrist, neck, head or handbag, and share the photo on social media platforms using #TiedTogether.In particular, Business of Fashion is asking fashion designers to incorporate white bandanas into their fashion week shows, and models to wear them between appearances.Find out more here.READ MORE: The Anti-Trump Accessory Everyone Will Be Wearing This Fashion WeekREAD MORE: Trump: So What Now For Women?READ MORE: Donald Trump Demands His Female Staff ‘Dress Like Women’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by ArielKeep your perfect dress shop-fresh for longer with the help of Ariel’s 3 in 1 pods. The tiny liquitabs will make sure you can wear it over and over again.There’s always a piece of clothing in your wardrobe that's reliable. That item that’s hard-working, and is your go-to when you need a confidence-boosting look. For us, that fail-safe option is always the classic black day dress.!Grazia’s contributing fashion stylist, Maya Oakley has shared her favourite dress from the high street, together with a finely tuned edit of chic accessories in three different ways. Dressed up or down, this classic dress is timelessly stylish and can compliment any new trends making their way down the catwalks for SS17, including our fixation on statement sleeves, slogan tees and silky posh PJ shirts.To celebrate stylish versatility, we’ve teamed up with Ariel to offer you the chance to win £3,000 worth of shopping vouchers to go towards your new spring wardrobe! All you have to do is vote for your favourite out of the three edits to go with the black dress! (Find out more at the bottom of the page.)Look One: Off Duty Cool-GirlMaya has teamed the dress with the ultimate calling card of the cool girl- a patterned tee, denim jacket and white as can be trainers. For an off-duty day, a modish pastel backpack is a must, while statement earrings can never go amiss.Look Two: Parisian ChicAs it’s sleeveless, Maya has paired the dress with a classic Breton top and Chelsea boots. FYI: stripes are having a major moment this fashion month. An understated cross-body bag and reflective sunnies finish off the look.Look Three: Office QuirkWho says you can’t bring metallics into the workplace? Maya sets off the dress with a clash of metallics for the ultimate quirky look. The statement bag is paired flawlessly with shiny heels and tonal socks, while a bold, ruffled blouse brings the ensemble back to the office.Once you’ve found your perfect dress, you’ll want to keep it forever. Which is where Ariel’s 3 in 1 pods come in. The tiny liquitabs will make sure your fave black dress stays looking shop-fresh, so you can wear it over and over again.Ariel 3 in 1 pods' cleaning technology goes beyond stain removal. Not only do they clean stains and hidden dirt like body soils, they enhance brilliant whites and keep your colours bright. All you need in one wash.Plus, enter the competition for your chance to win £3,000 worth of shopping vouchers to go towards your new spring wardrobe!Just click here and vote for your favorite look!Find the Terms and Conditions here.ALSO! 10 lucky readers will win a year’s supply of Ariel 3 in 1 pods to keep their clothes clean like new! Just enter the competition below for your chance to win!© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From F. Scott Fitzgerald’s champagne chugging high society to Studio 54’s spinning disco scene; New York’s always had a 24-hour appeal. As Fashion Week rolls into the Big Apple tomorrow, we’ve considerately created a comprehensive list of all the things every decent editor will need to make it through the slew of shows and parties on their agenda. For all the forthcoming air kissing we suggest a stylish lip balm, for carrying all their frow gifts we’ve advise a capacious Madewell tote and for the late night, post-party tummy rumblings we’ve included a guide to NY’s best burgers. TBH whether you’re hitting the shows or not, these are the NYC essentials everyone need.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Reconstructed Sneakers Are About To Be As Hot As HuarachesFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Slogan t-shirts and logo t-shirts are everywhere we turn at the moment, with even the likes of Kendall Jenner sporting a t shirt branded: Dior Addict. (If only we could relate...)We’re used to seeing street stalls knock off designer brands, but here’s a turn out for the books: this season, the designers have taken their cue from the market traders. Until recently, the only place you’d see logoed t-shirts was between the butcher’s stand and the one selling polyester lilies and those giant striped shopping bags that Balenciaga paid homage to for AW16.Gucki, Louie Vuitton, and Burberrie tees – misspelt, pixelated, and highly flammable, could be yours for five pounds each, two for a tenner. Maybe it was thanks to Daniella Westbrook, but wearing your label splashed across your chest was just not done in the fashion world.But with the 80s fashion revival at full tilt, athleisure making branded sportswear cool again, and labels like YSL and Fendi stamping their logoes on everything from stilettos to ski suits, it was only a matter of time before big fashion brands reclaimed the logo tee – with a designer price tag to match.Gucci’s £320 white cotton is a favourite with the fashion set, getting more Instagram love than a wicker basket full of newborn puppies, while Gilda Ambrosio and Pernille Teisbaek have both pledged allegiance to the Cult of Chanel in Karl’s Cuban tees. But if the real McCoy is out of budget, there’s only one thing for it: go rogue and – dare we say it - try a fashionable homage. Chiara Ferragni and model Soo Joo are both fans of Bleached Goods’ tees, which combine our favourite fashion houses’ logos with band tour-merch graphics – think Saint Laurent meets the Rolling Stones, or death metal’s answer to Chanel. And whichever you pick, one thing’s for certain: you won’t find this lot on Petticoat Lane…So many designers have now jumped on the logo tee bandwagon, so we've got a selection for you of what you can get, where from, and for how much! Take a look at our gallery below:This Rolling Saints logo t shirt is about £52 from Bleached Goods at chalmenswear.comLogo tees - Grazia2of10This Rolling Saints logo t shirt is about £52 from Bleached Goods at chalmenswear.comThis Iron Lager t shirt is again about £52 from Bleached Goods at capsule.nycComme As You Are logo tee is £30 from Black Score at blackscore.co.ukThis McQ Alexander McQueen logo tee is £100 from mytheresa.comThis black logo tee from Marc Jacobs is availble at net-a-porter.com This Wonder Woman Valentino logo tee is £469 from Valentino at stylebop.comThis Moschino logo tee is £149 at stylebop.comThis logo tee from Gucci is £320 from net-a-porter.comThis DSquared2 t-shirt is available for £149 from stylebop.comThis Givenchy Paris logo tee is available for £350 from Givenchy at mytheresa.comREAD MORE: 7 Fashion Designers To Watch In 2017READ MORE: This Fashion Item Is Officially The Next Must-HaveREAD MORE: 6 Pieces To Transform Your Wardrobe This SS17© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Few occasions are harder to shop for than Valentine's Day. While men often stick to the failsafe route of jewellery, chocolates and flowers (see here for the gifts that we actually want), women are left scratching their heads at what their boyfriends, fiancés or husbands secretly want to receive on 14 February.From the guy who loves his tech, to the one who spends more time in the bathroom than you, here are 10 gifts we have it on good authority men will like. You're welcome.Give the gift of culture this year by buying a National Art Pass. Not only does it grant you free access to over 240 museums, galleries and historic houses across the UK (including Kensington Palace, Keats House and The Courtauld Gallery), but it also gets you 50% off most major exhibitions (we're eyeing up the David Hockney at the Tate Britain). A thoughtful gift plus an endless bank of date ideas for the next 12 months - especially if you opt for the 'double' pass, which gets two of you in.National Art Pass, £65 for one, £97 for the doubleIf you're dating someone who is into their music, you'll know that they've got very strong opinions on the headphones they use (and probably the streaming service, but we won't bore you with that). These Master and Dynamic wireless headphones are brand new to the market, and are smaller and lighter than the previous version, (they launched in November), which will no doubt earn you girlfriend brownie points. What's more, the beautiful design means you don't need to be embarrassed to be seen with him, either.Master and Dynamic MW50 Wireless on ear headphones, £399If your significant other likes the finer things in life (read: chocolate, coffee or craft beer) then these self-guided walking tours are perfect for you. Included in your ticket are stop-offs at some of the finest artisans in London, with samples (truffles at Paul A Young, yes please!) and tutorials aplenty (think: ten minute guided couverture tasting) en route, it's a gourmand's ideal day out.Taste Tripper Explorer pass, £30We've got it on pretty good authority (read: our well-versed guy mate told us) that Japanese distilleries have been gaining in popularity in recent years, with Nikka from the Barrel being one of the favourites in whisky circles. With a rich, strong taste, and minimialist, modern packaging, it'll instantly impress any boy who knows his drink.Nikka from the Barrel, £35.95Nothing is more attractive to us than the way our man smells, which is why it is so important to get his fragrance right. Byredo is renowned for its quirky, fun scents, with Mister Marvelous being no different. Inspired by French dandies, it combines cedarwood, black amber, mandarin, neroli flower, bamboo and green lavendar for a warm, unusual smell that you'll recognise immediately. Bonus points for the aesthetically-pleasing bottle, which will take pride of place in any bathroom.Byredo Mister Marvelous, £90If your S.O. was considering applying for Jeremy Clarkson's old job at Top Gear, the Porsche gift experience at the legendary Silverstone race course will be right up his street. The package includes 90-minutes of drive time in either the Boxster, Cayman, 911, Panamera, Cayenne or Macan - yep, that all means nothing to us, too.Porsche gift experience, £295Whether its a copy of his favourite book, the complete series of Ian Fleming's James Bond novels, a collection of poetry or a book he hasn't read yet (we'd recommend The Handmaid's Tale, ahead of it's April air date) there's nothing better than a beautiful Folio edition sitting on your bookshelf. Kindle, schmindle we say.Folio edition books, from £29Mr & Mrs Smith's hand-picked edit of the best boutique and luxury hotels world-wide is not to be sniffed at - with the so-called 'travel club for hotel lovers' being our number one resource for finding unique experiences with plenty of added extras (Champagne on arrival? Yes please. Free upgrade? Why not). Whether you opt for £50 off your next city break together or splash out on something more generous, one thing's for certain: this is a gift that you'll get to enjoy, too.Mr and Mrs Smith gift cards, from £50Binging on TV boxsets supposedly brings couples closer together, but no one want to watch their favourite shows huddled over a laptop, like a uni student. Invest in an Amazon Fire Stick and you can watch all your favourites from Netflix and Amazon Prime plus catch-up TV on the small screen instead, all by plugging in the USB. What's more, the remote control is voice activated, so you can shout at it from across the room to pause if your boyfriend must insist on talking through The Man From High Castle again.Amazon Fire Stick, £35We get it, you like sleeping in your boxers, but if you're going to keep up your reputation as the best-dressed man in our lives, you should probably start wearing chicer sleepwear. Case in point, this matching set by Derek Rose - more Scott Disick than Hugh Hefner.Derek Rose cotton pyjamas set, £150© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Whether brands like to admit it or not, fashion is political. It goes far deeper than whether or not they choose to dress an elected leader. From Suffragettes signifying their allegiance with the colour purple to Katharine Hamnett’s slogan T-shirts, the industry has always been levied by activists.  However, today, during Trump’s reign, the Council of Fashion Designers of America has chosen to engage in politics directly.The CFDA, which is the US’ equivalent of the British Fashion Council, has organised for pink badges printed with the ‘Fashion Stands With Planned Parenthood’ to be distributed during New York Fashion Week. While many have been expecting the NY shows, which kick off on Thursday, to be charged with a political spirit, this is a direct rally cry from the highest pulpit of American fashion.This initiative is being led by CFDA member and designer Tracy Reese and is being supported by labels like Proenza Schouler, Diane von Furstenberg, Tory Burch and Zac Posen, modelling agencies and PR agencies. They hope to promote Planned Parenthood, a non-profit organisation that educates on sexual health and provides contraception, abortions, STI testing and pregnancy counselling, which has been put under increased pressure by the Republican administration’s funding cuts. Fashion stands with @plannedparenthood 💓 Check CFDA.com for the full story on our exciting partnership. #IStandWithPPA post shared by  cfda (@cfda) on Feb 6, 2017 at 6:44am PSTAlthough this pink badge makes a strong statement, it isn’t the first time CFDA has promoted a social, political agenda. In the past, they’ve lobbied for Breast Cancer awareness, worked with disaster relief funds and HIV/AIDS organisations.In an official statement, Tracy Reese said: ‘We know that so many people stand with Planned Parenthood– including designers and entertainers– because they and their loved ones have relied on Planned Parenthood for health care, including life-saving care like cancer screenings, birth control, STI testing and treatment and sex education.'She added: ‘Planned Parenthood is often the only option for this type of care in underserved communities.  By creating a visually engaging and fashionable pin, we hope to create an organic social media movement promoting awareness and education.’ It's true, we do. 💓 #IStandWithPP @plannedparenthoodA post shared by  cfda (@cfda) on Feb 6, 2017 at 11:04am PSTCecile Richards, President of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, continues, ‘Planned Parenthood has stood defiantly in the face of opposition for a century, and we’re not backing down now.‘The American people overwhelmingly support our organisation and strongly oppose “defunding” care at our health centres. Planned Parenthood’s millions of supporters, including the CFDA, are mobilising to protect access to reproductive health and rights for everyone, including the 2.5 million patients we serve, and we will continue to fight to ensure that all people can get the care they need.’Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 Things to Buy Immediately From Opening CeremonyCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Reconstructed Sneakers Are About To Be As Hot As HuarachesFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I’m an avid beauty blender fan. I use that cute little sponge day in day out to apply my foundation, concealer and hey I was even given a teeny tiny one the other day to apply eyeshadow. You get the jist, I like me a beauty blender. What I do not like, is this new trend among beauty bloggers.Behold the condom beauty blender technique. Erm sorry what? What is this weird new internet trend??Apparently beauty vloggers (that’s video blogger FYI) are covering their beauty blenders with condoms. Yes this does mean popping that sponge inside a condom and slapping it on your face. I’d really like to meet the person who invented this technique. Did they just find a condom on the floor and decide to use it on their skin? Or did they have a Google first about the benefits of applying foundation with a lubricated tube meant for a penis?Said adventurous vloggers highly recommend you actually wash off any lubrication first, and then tie the end before applying your foundation as usual. This combination means you get both a soft, spongey texture from the sponge along with the ability to reach tough spots without wasting your expensive Laura Mercier foundation.We decided to test it out, in our work toilet because where else would you put a beauty blender inside a condom?Our first thoughts were – condoms are hard to find at the best of times, so why would you waste one on your face (although our editor has just pointed out that condoms are free, kids, from your nearest sexual health clinic)?Upon application my wonderful model Aimee wasn’t sure, but that’s probably because someone was in the cubicle next to us and we had repeatedly said the word ‘condom.’ Let’s call it stage fright. After application her skin did look great, like a glowing dewy porcelain Barbie, but better.. And she was able to get into all those hard-to-reach spots like the side of your nose. So maybe we’re onto a winning beauty combo? That’s if you can put up with the sound of a condom slapping against your face.Like this? You might also be interested in…11 Things To Buy Immediately From Opening Ceremony 7 Things I Learnt About The Future Of Beauty At Beautycon All The Worst Make-Up Trends From Your Youth Follow Alyss on instagram @alyssbowen This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The dress. It's one of the most expensive (and important) elements of every bride-to-be's big day. But after splashing out thousands of pounds in cash, it's often never worn again, instead residing in your wardrobe (or worse, a box in the attic) forever. Wouldn't it be great if you could give it another lease of life? While many brides now opt to have custom outfits made that they can wear again (such as separates), some are selling their dresses on to be worn again by someone else.Bridal boutique Brides Do Good does just that - buying your vintage wedding dresses and then selling them to new brides - while also donating two thirds of the profits to Plan International & Too Young to Wed - to eradicate child marriage. We meet founder Chantal Khoueiry to find out where the idea came from and why she thinks everyone should go vintage...One evening, about 8 years ago, I was having dinner with friends and learned that one of them had spent £8,000 on a wedding dress which was now in a box in her attic, at the same dinner table, another friend stated that she would love to have a designer dress but as she had just graduated she just simply couldn’t afford it. It seemed a no brainer, there must be hundreds of once loved dresses relegated to dusty attics, surely there must be a clever way to give these dresses a new story without feeling guilty of letting go. That night, all I could think about was “why shouldn't these dresses be given a new chapter? And, how many women out there have dreamt of a designer wedding dress they could not afford?”I was born in Kuwait from a Lebanese father and an Ethiopian/ Italian mother. Since an early age, I have been exposed to various issues facing the different cultures I have been brought up in. A few years ago I started travelling to Africa and India to do some charity work on the ground. This is where I was exposed first hand to the horrifying issue of child marriage. Every 2 seconds a girl is forced into marriage – that’s 38,000 girls a day. Child marriage violates the basic human rights that every girl has to health, education and safety. The stories of violence and pregnancies you hear are just unbearable. If there is no reduction in child marriage, the global number of women married as children will reach 1.2 billion by 2050, with devastating consequences for the whole world.We launched our social enterprise on 13th October 2016, the ‘International Day of the Girl’. And so far we have been humbled by the generosity of the women who have donated their dresses. Also it is amazing to see how many designers and retailers have joined the Brides do Good movement by donating sample wedding dresses to support the cause of ending child marriage by 2030, which is one of the UN sustainable goals. We are now entering the wedding season with many brides-to-be looking for their dream gown - and what better opportunity than at the Brides do Good pop-up boutique at Bicester Village.They are forward-thinking with social consciousness. They vary in age, from 25 to 55, with diverse nationality and background. Some want to simply donate their dresses and others would like to make some money out of it. They have one thing in common: they have all said “I do” to giving a new chapter to their wedding dress and a brighter future for millions of young girls.Some women no longer have a deep emotional attachment to their dress, some would like to make some money out of the dress whilst also doing good, and some are simply focussed on the charitable angle. There are a variety of reasons but all fundamentally driven by the story behind Brides do Good and the work of our charity partners Plan International and Too Young To Wed.There is no doubt, each dress has its own unique story because it was chosen with love and worn with love. The emotional connection to the dress is very strong and letting go is not an easy option.  However, you have the photographs and memories with you forever and as soon as you speak about the act of child marriage and its impact on society, and how one wedding dress can make a difference, you start seeing a change in the thinking. I believe the emotions that one can feel knowing that good has come out of your dress is way more meaningful than keeping it in your attic forever.Brides around the world can take a stand and make a difference, whilst breaking the sad cycle of forgotten wedding dresses. One dress at a time, we can make a difference to the woman who dreams of a designer dress and to the vulnerable young girl who is robbed of her childhood. Brides do Good is about connecting women and protecting girls.We stock over 30 brands, including Ian Stuart, Suzanne Neville, Elie Saab, Vera Wang, Temperley, Reem Acra, Valentino, Oscar de La Renta, Pronovias, Vivienne Westwood, Alexander McQueen as well as a selection of customised dresses.We have seen a lot of interest in softer silhouettes including the A Line and traditional sweetheart dresses.So far, I would say embellishment and texture; lace and embroidery and coloured dressed are becoming more popular for the daring brides-to-be out there!We wanted to recreate the intimate, high-end experience that women expect when shopping for their dream dress. So to do this, we have included tips on what would suit specific figures and we shoot all our dresses professionally to ensure the brides-to-be can view all the details and features of the dress, including detailed measurements. For our pop-up store at Bicester Village, we have a professional seamstress on site - she has over 30 years bridal experience having previously worked for a high end alterations boutique in London.Yes we have a small quantity and currently stock some gorgeous light pink Lela Rose, Ian Stuart and Valentino gowns. However we are hoping to expand into the Asian market and stock some beautiful traditional gowns in the future.I love the simplicity of Amal Alamuddin Clooney’s Oscar de le Renta dress. The Elie Saab dress worn by Princess Claire Lademacher is also superb. Louise Roe’s customised Pronovias is stunning and the good news is that she has donated it to Brides do Good in support of the cause. So for all the brides-to-be out there, you now have the chance to purchase it at the Bicester Village pop-up!We are an online social enterprise so all our dresses can be viewed and ordered online. However next month we will open our first ever brick and mortar pop-up at Bicester Village from 9th to 19th February.Bicester Village has been in my veins for many years. We share similar brand values of authenticity and experience, as such I felt that it was the perfect match for Brides Do Good and I look forward to welcoming brides-to-be at the boutique!The Brides Do Good boutique at Bicester Village is open 9th – 19th February.WATCH: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsREAD MORE: The Reason Wedding Dresses Are Traditionally WhiteREAD MORE: The Best Bridal Shops In London© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Valentine's Day is fast approaching. Get ready for public displays of affection, heaps of heart-shaped everythings, bouquets of flowers and boxes of chocolates. Though you may not be overjoyed by the impending love-filled occasion, you don't have to quash the festivities altogether... We're talking a well-deserved spot of self-love in the form of shopping - for ourselves. Because why not? We've put together a wishlist of things we actually want this Valentine's Day (flowers and chocolates aside). From us to us.It's no secret that when you're feeling a little deflated, a beauty purchase can perk you up. Treating yourself to makeup is therapeutic, especially when it's as luxurious as this Rouge Louboutin lipstick. The Velvet Matte shade is romantic and the regal casing is heavenly - it would look great on your lips and in your makeup bag.£65 from christianlouboutin.comWe love everything from Coach, and this pink coin purse is next on our wishlist. It's the perfect size to hold all the cards you need, as well as some change for coffee, and still fit in your clutch or cross-body bag. For those city-goers who are looking to revamp their accessory collection, this is where to begin.£60 from coach.comThere is little more satisfying than climbing into a freshly-made bed dressed in luxury silk pyjamas, and this Olivia von Halle set completes that fantasy. These pyjamas are so nice, in fact, that they can hardly be counted as loungewear. Our love for pyjama dressing in the daytime is long-lived, and these wide leg silk trousers demand that they be worn as evening-wear too - with heeled boots or mules and a long coat. So really it's a 2-in-1 purchase (as if we need justification to buy it).Silk Pyjama Set, £365 from Olivia von HalleCalling spring in early, award-winning beauty favourite Liz Earle has encapsulated the romantic essence of the Damask rose in full bloom for their latest fragrance. To celebrate the brand's 20th anniversary it has collaborated with Grasse-based perfumer Domitille Bertier to create the Botanical Essence No.20 Eau de Parfum. If you're coveting a fresh and feminine scent (and, like us, you're done with winter) then you'll love this.£49 from lizearle.comYour environment can greatly affect your mood and happiness, so don't neglect to decorate your home. Take interior inspiration from Anthropologie - their homewear collection can bring the dullest of spaces to life. Eclectic pieces with clashing prints and bold colours will inject some joy into your surroundings, and the best thing about homewear is that it can last forever, so you won't be ridden with guilt if you ivest.Vase, £38-£68 / Doormat, £88 from Anthropologie.Shop the gallery below for more of what we're loving right now.Burberry First Love palette, £45 from BurberryFor that just-fallen-in-love flushed-cheek glow, the Burberry First Love palette is a beauty must-have. The palette is a blush and highlighter combination, but don't wait to purchase as it's limited edition.Valentine's Day Gift Guide For Her/Us - Grazia2of17Burberry First Love palette, £45 from BurberryFor that just-fallen-in-love flushed-cheek glow, the Burberry First Love palette is a beauty must-have. The palette is a blush and highlighter combination, but don't wait to purchase as it's limited edition.Coconut Milk EOS Lip Balm, £6.50 from ASOSKeep your lips super soft and smooth with the new EOS Soft Lip collection. They contain nourishing ingredients as well as Vitamin C to encourage collagen production for a radiant pout. They are also 95 percent natural so you can't go wrong when it comes to lip care.Love Soak Gift Set, £32 from Clean Beauty Co.Who doesn't love a pamper session? This Love Soak Set is the perfect gift to yourself if you love to bathe. It contains Well-Earned Soak (filled with lavender essence) and Coconut Dreaming, which is pina colada scented. Ultimate relaxation can be reached.Therapy Mini Fiona Frame Handbag in navy, £29 from House of FraserChanel Jackie O with House of Frasers' collection of mini handbags with cross-body chains. They will add glamour to any outfit and are perfect for a date night.Bath and Body collection from L’Artisan ParfumeurLuxury perfumery brand L'Artisan is launching a bath and body range, featuring their best selling fragrances in lotion form. La Chasse Aux Papillon is the most romantic scent in the collection - it smells like white flowers on a sunny summer's day.Matte For You Brush, £12.95 from KIKO MilanoKIKO Milano's Matte For You limited-edition collection is Valentine's themed. The Matte For You face brush has soft heart-shaped bristles which allow you to collect just the right amount of product for an even, smooth look. Heart Tag, £20 from Pop & SukiJust in time for Valentine's Day, Pop & Suki have launched heart-tags to put on your keys. They come in black and pink, and for £32 you can get them customised.Rose De Mai Massage Candle, £36 from OSKIAFor candle obsessives (hello), this candle by OSKIA is heaven. The two-in-one soybean and coconut oil candle melts down into a body oil which you can then use to massage into the skin to nourish it.Button-Back Bell-Sleeve Top, £65 from J.CrewThis pink bell-sleeve top from J.Crew is oh-so cute. Dress it up for the office by tucking it into a skirt, or dress it down with jeans. It also comes in a muted pale blue version.Lips in Saint, £8 from TopshopAdd a slick of pink for your pout with Lips in Saint. Topshop's collection of lipsticks are both gorgeous and affordable, so go on, treat yourself.Patrick Mavros Zozo Ruby Heart Gold Pendant, £3,300 from patrickmavros.comPatrick Mavros is an African luxury jewellery brand inspired by the beauty of the African landscape. The Zozo Ruby Heart collection has exquisite pieces adorned with red rubies, and they come in different sizes.2017 A5 Weekly Diary Bonded Leather: Copper, £24 from kikki.KIt's not too late in the year to get a planner if you haven't already, and kikki.K is the place to go. The Swedish brand prides itself on the functionality of its designs, and its minimal aesthetic is right up our street. Wire House Magazine Rack, £32 from Oliver BonasIf your house is full of magazines (like ours are), this stylish copper magazine rack will not only keep them neat and organised but will look great in your home.Belted Flare Trousers, £69 from & Other StoriesWe're loving these beige trousers from & Other Stories. The dramatic flares with a clinched-in waist makes for a sophisticated, urban outfit - the ultimate city look this season. Perfect with a tight jersey top and statement boot heels.Tiffany Soleste earrings, £11,200 from Tiffany & Co.For something more lavish (ok, much more lavish) these Tiffany earrings in platinum with pear-shaped tanzanites and round diamonds are divine.Metallic Rose Gold Leather Stellar 34 (Rose Gold), £110 and Nude Pink Suede Kensington 34 (Rose Gold), £90 from Abbott LyonIf you're looking for a new watch, look no further than Abbott Lyon. Their luxury watches are beautiful, affordable, and their rose gold metallic range is apt for Valentine's Day (or should we say, Treat Yourself Day).The Naked Marshmallow Toasting Kit, £15The Naked Marshmallow Toasting Kit is the perfect gadget for those with a sweet tooth, and is a great addition to any cosy night in. Flavours include Vanilla Bean, Candy Floss, Strawberry Cream, Choc Orange and Salted Caramel.READ MORE: Valentine's Day Gifts He Actually Wants© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The wheels of fashion’s ever-churning trend wheel is about to go into overdrive as New York Fashion Week starts in just two days. Whether you’ve got frow seats next to Anna or your weekend plans are Netflix and pizza, stay one step ahead of all the NY street style stars and put Opening Ceremony’s new collection in your virtual basket. You won’t regret it. Promise.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Can You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion?Dig Out Those Ghds, Poker-Straight Hair Is Back9 Ways To Heal Your Hair For Under 9 QuidFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...From designers boycotting the Presidential family to celebrities taking to the streets to protest, since Donald Trump was elected into power, the fashion world have not remained quiet.Now, the industry is coming together to support one of the causes at risk now Trump is in the White House, Planned Parenthood. The non-profit organisation that provides vital reproductive health services for people across the US and the world is at serious threat due to Trump’s move to reinstate the global gag order, and his notorious anti-abortion policies.The CFDA (the Council of Fashion Designers of America) has partnered with Planned Parenthood to create an initiative called Fashion Stands with Planned Parenthood. Ahead of New York Fashion Week, they have created bright pink pins and distributed them to designers, models, PR agencies and influencers.Each badge will come with an information card outlining the work Planned Parenthood do and how you can support them, and the initiative is encouraging people to share pictures of their badges with the hashtag #IStandWithPP.Over 40 designers that have pledged their support including Proenza Schouler, Carolina Herrera, Diane von Furstenberg, Public School, Narciso Rodriguez, Tory Burch, Prabal Gurung, and Zac Posen.READ MORE: Trump: So What Now For Women?READ MORE: Donald Trump Demands His Female Staff ‘Dress Like WomenREAD MORE: Why We'll Be At The Women's March Against Trump Today© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fancy an exclusive VIP shopping experience with £1,000 to spend?Whether you’re looking for the perfect occasion outfit or simply want to update your weekend wardrobe, ease into the new season with a style overhaul, courtesy of Whistles.The lucky winner will be welcomed at Whistles’ personal shopping suite at its flagship London store in St Christopher’s Place, where they can spend up to £1,000 with the help and advice of a dedicated stylist.Good luck!Terms and conditions: The prize is a S/S ’17 personal styling appointment with £1,000 to spend on full-price merchandise in Whistles at their Central London flagship store, St Christopher’s Place.Competition opens Tuesday 7 February and ends on Monday 13 February at midnight.Entries received before the start date or after the end date will be invalid.Participants must be 18 or over.The winner must book their appointment within 14 days of receiving confirmation of winning.The prize may not be substituted for cash or any other products.If Whistles has not been able to contact the winner within 14 days they reserve the right to offer the prize to another entrant.If the full value is not spent during the styling appointment at Whistles’ flagship store, St Christopher’s Place, the remainder will be added to a Whistles gift card that can be redeemed in any Whistles standalone store.Please note: travel costs to the flagship store are not included in the prize.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Do you want to take a selfie with Gigi Hadid? (Of course you do!)To celebrate the launch of the new TommyxGigi collection Grazia has teamed up with Tommy Hilfiger to offer 5 pairs of lucky readers the unique opportunity to meet and take a selfie with the supermodel at an exclusive event at the Tommy Hilfiger store on Brompton Road on 18th February.The winners will also get to take home an exclusive TommyxGigi goodie bag, enjoy refreshments and get the chance to visit a nail technician.The TommyXGigi collection features women’s apparel, footwear and accessories, including watches and sunglasses. The look celebrates Hadid’s unique take on modern style, fused with Hilfiger’s signature “classic American cool” heritage. Inspired by the “Summer of Love,” the TommyXGigi Spring ’17 collaborative capsule puts a West Coast twist on the Tommy Hilfiger brand’s East Coast roots, paying homage to California, with badges and patches inspired by the sunshine state.To enter, simply Retweet the pinned Tweet at the top of the @GraziaUK Twitter feed, here.Terms & Conditions:Each competition winner will win a pair of exclusive tickets to the GiGi Hadid shopping event at Tommy Hilfiger Brompton Road on Saturday 18th February 2017. Prize includes one photograph with GiGi Hadid plus an exclusive goodie bag on arrival. Five winners will be chosen at random by a third party. Competition runs between 6th-13th February 2017 and winners will be contacted on 14th February 2017 via direct message on Twitter.In the event that a competition winner does not respond to the email by 16:00pm on 15th February 2017 a re-draw will take place. A representative from Tommy Hilfiger will email winners directly on 14th February 2017 to confirm the prize and further details on the day.Full terms and conditions here.READ MORE: How 2016 Became The Year Of The HadidsREAD MORE: Gigi Hadid Responds To Instagram Body Shamers© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Not only one of our favourite actresses, Michelle Williams reigns supreme as one of our all-time favourite style stars. The Louis Vuitton face never puts a sartorial foot wrong, and has a way of looking impeccably chic and effortlessly cool, all at the same time.The saffron yellow Vera Wang gown worn by Michelle Williams to the 2006 Oscars is regularly cited as one of the best Oscar dresses of all time. Yellow is not the easiest shade to pull off - especially for those with a pale complexion and blonde hair - but Williams did it with aplomb.And it appears yellow must be a favourite hue of hers. This weekend the actress once again chose the colour for a big red carpet appearance.Walking the red carpet with Manchester By The Sea co-star Casey Affleck at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival, Williams wore a beautiful pastel yellow gown by Louis Vuitton. Featuring embossed gold straps and cutaway detailing, Williams looked every bit the Hollywood star.One stop of many on her awards season tour, the big question that remains is: will Williams revisit yellow again for the Oscars?READ MORE: What Makes A Winning Oscar Dress? See What Every Best Actress Winner WoreREAD MORE: The Oscar Nominations Are In: Will La La Land Dance To Victory?READ MORE: 23 Of The Best BAFTA Dresses Of All Time© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ahead of this year’s Red Nose Day, Comic Relief have once again collaborated with high street retailer TK Maxx on an exclusive range of T-shirts.Now in its seventh year, for the 2017 campaign Red Nose Day have enlisted the help of celebrated photographer, Rankin. In a career first, Rankin has designed the t-shirts alongside lensing the celebrity campaign.The nine t-shirts available feature different animal designs inspired by Rankin’s love of furry creatures and his own dog Doris.Fronting the campaign is comedian Jack Whitehall and actress Maisie Williams while other celebrities shot by the renowned photographer include Heidi Klum, Joanna Lumley, Winnie Harlow, Daisy Lowe, Donna Air and Billie Piper.The t-shirts, available in both children and adult sizes, start at £6.99 and £9.99 respectively. At least £5 from each sale will go towards the Comic Relief appeal which helps people living tough lives both here in the UK and across Africa.Purchase yours here, and find out more ways you can support the Red Nose Day appeal on the 24th March here.READ MORE: 9 Faux Fur Coats To Combat This Arctic WeatherREAD MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ads For Spring/Summer 2017READ MORE: The Best Copenhagen Fashion Week Street Style© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Want to be a part of London Fashion Week but not a journalist, buyer, blogger or other Frow attendee? No matter! One week after the main event London Fashion Week Festival will open its doors for the first time, offering stylish ticket-holders the chance to experience designer discounts, catwalk shows and industry talks fit for a fashionista.Taking place between 23-26 February at the new home of London Fashion Week, The Store Studios at 180 The Strand, the four-day event is set to be the biggest fashion festival of the season. Sit front row at London Fashion Week designer shows including Mother of Pearl, Huishan Zhang and Teatum Jones, shop the latest designer collections from over 150 brands at exclusive prices and get clued up on all the latest goings on in the industry with insider talks on everything from how to jumpstart your career in fashion to discussions on two of this year’s blockbuster exhibitions: ‘Princess Diana: Her Fashion Story’ and ‘Balenciaga: Shaping Fashion’.What's more, the Grazia fashion team will be on hand picking their favourite pieces to buy in a live version of our Fashion Charts, with Grazia-branded tags letting you know that our fashion editor has selected it.There will also be free pampering sessions available from Maybelline New York and Toni&Guy, so whether you want to try a new season hairstyle or makeup look on the day, or use it as an opportunity to get dolled up before a night out, the festival has got you covered.With three tiers of tickets on offer – bronze, silver, and gold – there’s a package that works for everyone. What’s more, Grazia readers get 25% off on tickets – just quote ‘GRAZIA’ when booking via londonfashionweekfestival.com*.*(Not valid on LUXE or LUXE Premium tickets. Advance booked tickets only. Booking and transaction fees apply)© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...When Monki opened in 2011 I realised two things: making decisions about dresses, shoes and jeans is hard and Monki changing rooms have great lighting.It’s inevitable that there are some life events that some people are just more comfortable with. Adrenaline junkies look at a miles-deep canyon and see bungee jumping potential (not vertigo) whileMonkishoppers look at festivals with the same mix of lust, anticipation and ease. This is why I know I am not aMonkiwoman, not because I don’t like the store (I love it), but because to embody the Monki spirit it takes so much more than a jumpsuit, bomber jacket and a bum bag (sorry, forgot, we’re calling them belt bags these days).People talk about lifestyle brands, those that serve up an image of what your life could be. But, Monki really is a lifestyle, its a spirited, energetic, Manic Pixie Dream Girl wearing platform trainers and hooped earrings. Football fans are much like Monki shoppers – bear with me – their allegiance is strong, their dedication unwavering and, of course, they wear a uniform. When I see one in the wild, on their hunting turf in the Monki Manchester and Carnaby Street stores, this special breed of female knows instinctively their prey. Usually, it’s a pair of pastel coloured jeans or a baggy dress that when paired with the right pair of trainers (important!) it no longer looks like the sack it appeared on the hanger.She’s the type of woman who looks stunning after three days of camping (not glamping) and thinks: fun. She has a sneaker collection to rival size? and a weekend full of plans with not a single activity she’s pre-planning to flake on. For the Monki customer size guides don’t matter, because she’s the type of person who can buy online and not return anything. When the Monki woman isn’t drinking pints or taking #selfies in front of statement walls (hello Frank’s Cafe's famous pink staircase) she’s giggling with her girl mates. Sure, she probably got ID’d when she entered the bar, but that’s because her skincare regime is on point (The Ordinary and Fenty, thank you very much). (Or maybe it’s because she still has a student discount).While she can kick it back with the guys, she’s a female ally. She’ll tell you whats what on internalized feminism and won’t take any of your #everydaysexism. Get her on the topic of politics and you’re shoved in the deep-end with her complex, methodical theories on Brexit, Jeremey Corbyn and being part of Generation Rent.Monki brings out the cool in even the most neurotic millennial. It's like a savant for trends -Monki kickstarted fun faux fur on the highstreet and softened athleisure. But, it's also unmissable for basics. Need a new slip dress? Head to Monki. Need a polo neck? It has your back. If you’re the Monki woman you know when to hit pause on a trend. Yeah, flares had their moment, but you know it was time to embrace a Carrie Bradshaw-meets-Courtney Love on a comedown aesthetic. Broadly speaking, her wardrobe is eclectic, her life is a heck of a lot of fun so props to you if you are a Monki woman. If only I could be too…© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While a chilly winter in the UK is no fun for anyone, there's a silver lining to the icy weather - the colder months mean a chance to hit the slopes, and look fabulous while you're at it. Whether you're a seasoned skier, off to the bunny slopes or just focused on the fondue (or the mulled wine), we've got your ski style covered.First up, for some sartorial inspiration, you need to look no further than some of our favourite style icons of the past.Nail apres-ski chic in a fur-trimmed bomber and a co-ordinating fur cossack hat.A fluffy oversized coat and dark sunnies will give any alpine look a glamourous edge.Bright red accesories and a fair isle knit make a perfect pairing.Head-to-toe black will always look elegant and flattering.For a truly retro look, take your cue from Shields' eighties colour blocking get-up.Channel Diana in a vintage all-in-one and matching headband.The royals provide perennial slopeside inspo, we love this pic of Diana and Fergie.VB wears all-white with noughties aplomb.For our edit of the best ski pieces to shop now, check out the gallery below.These padded thermal socks will stop boot rub and keep toes toasty. Knee Length Ski Socks, £17.50, Falkeski wear - grazia 2of11These padded thermal socks will stop boot rub and keep toes toasty. Knee Length Ski Socks, £17.50, FalkeThe key to keeping warm is layer, layer, layer. This base breathable merino wool long-sleeve top is a good start. Merino Wool Top, £100, MoverChannel ski icons of the past in a chic faux fur hat. Knee Length Ski Socks, £20, DebenhamsFor affordable skiwear with a fashion forward twist look no further than Perfect Moment. This candy coloured jacket is our pick their much coveted line.  Queenie Jacket, £290, Perfect MomentKnee Length Ski Socks, £20, DebenhamsAvoid any embarrassing slip-ups with a sturdy pair of boots. Fur-trimmed Apres-Ski Boot, £225, MontellianaThis cute polar bear knit will work just as well on the slopes as it will at the bar. Merino Wool Jumper, £205, Perfect MomentIce cold hands can ruin a day on the slopes. Keep them toasty inside this pair of pretty printed gloves. Flower Print Gloves, £50, RoxyFinding ski pants that are both practical and flattering is a hard task but this Stella McCartney pair tick both boxes. Seamless Ski Leggings, £240, Stella McCartneyStay snug in the snow with these jazzy printed thermal leggings. Seamless Ski Leggings, £60, Sweaty BettyStand out on the slopes with this on-trend Zebra print ski co-ord from our favourite high street store, Topshop. Zebra Print Ski Jacket, £95, Topshop© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This week Copenhagen kicked off the bi-annual international fashion week shows. And, if you ask us – there’s no better place to start. Why? The women of Denmark are outrageously stylish. They aren’t peacocking around in fascinators and impossible heels, they simply wear elegant, timeless outfits. This is a nation of women adept at dressing for Nordic winters. They understand layering like no one else and how the right coat can elevate a look. With demanding show schedules and bitter, blustering winds to contend with, here is what we learnt from CFW street style:Like this? Then you might also be interested in:We Tried The Best Affordable Gym Gear On The High Street, So You Don't Have ToEveryone Is Wearing Tube Socks21 Ridic Poses Instagram Makes Us DoFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Contrary to what you might think, not all fashion week action happens in Paris, Milan New York or London. Fashion week has become a global affair. The immersive industry, which brings brands, buyers, consumers and producers into contact, has broadened over the last two decades. While Denmark may lack the same couture stature as France and the starry clientele as Italy, it has something the other cities are desperately lacking: real, tangible, down-to-earth relevance.Sitting at the gateway to Northern Europe, Copenhagen is the symbiosis of Scandi culture. It’s hygge with a palatable taste in modernism and minimalism. Its universities are free, its food is world-renown, and the average wage is £15/hour. With fresh air and nature in close proximity, it seems Copenhagen’s biannual fashion week is more grounded than other cities.Free from hysterical street style paparazzi and untenable packed-out show schedules, CPHFW puts the focus on wearable, tasteful fashion. As the audience and the catwalk presentations, CIFF and Revolver trade shows are generally industry-only, it’s not a peacocking affair filled with goose pimpled, overdressed women in painfully high heels. Instead, the crowd are discerning dressers fully aware that in February Copenhagen is gripped by icy temperatures.Christian Maibom, founder and creative director of CPHFW’s tradeshow Revolver, describes the atmosphere of Denmark’s fashion market as unpretentious and grounded. He levies this is because the price point on most native labels is dramatically lower than at, say, Milan or Paris fashion week. He believes that the street style and brands reflect the local philosophy that treasures the same values as the city’s most famous restaurant, Noma, which puts an emphasis on Nordic culture and ingredients. Like some of CPHFW’s designers, Noma may be internationally known but it remains seasonally sensitive, with a focus on home-grown components. He adds, ‘because we’re not as established as New York we’ve created our own language and own tone of voice.’Former editor-turned-blogger Pernille Teisbaek has risen to the top of international blogger ranks due to her idiosyncratic eye for tailoring and streamlined Scandi style.  Alongside Pernille, fellow Danes Stine Mo, Marie Hindkaer Wolthers and Tina Maria Hansen offer a street style education in layering, statement outerwear and fashion practical for the city’s chilled climate. Unlike Paris, where showgoers dress to the nines, the Copenhagen crowd wear clothing that normal people, like you and I, might be able to get away with IRL.Though the designers that show may not be household names like Paris’ Chanel and Dior, it would be a misconception to think these brands show in Denmark because they can’t afford to present their collections elsewhere. Homegrown outré labels like Tonsure, Henrik Vibskov and Astrid Anderson could have their choice of international catwalks if they wanted to, but they chose Denmark. On the other end of the spectrum, affordable lines from Ganni and By Malene Birger to Baum und Pfergarden speak to the current yen for the Nordic aesthetic.Central Saint Martins-trained Henrik Vibskov‘s show is the hottest ticket of the week. His work is eccentric and taps into his interest in the city’s music and art scene for influence. Designer Mark Kenly Domino Tan is equally well regarded –and known for infusing his collections with a couture sensibility, which is something he learned during stints at Balenciaga and Alexander McQueen. On the other end of the spectrum, sportswear-inspired designers like Won Hundred and Astrid Andersen have been feted as breathing new life into men’s casualwear. Andersen, in particular, is highly regarded for work that twists femme fabrics, like lace, into athletic silhouettes, like basketball shorts.The proud, Scandi spirit trickles down to the city’s shops that are an easy place to shed money and acquire style. Namely local concept store Storm, which sells cult wearables from spendy native labels and purse-friendly lines from Wood Wood, Ganni and Norse Projects. Denmarks’s varied fashion scene caters to every budget. From Cecilie Copenhagen's keffiyeh printed dresses to We Are The Faces genderless designs, Munthe’s off-duty staples, Ganni’s vivid trend-led collections and Cecilie Bahnsen’s painstakingly crafted pieces. On the same note, Armoire Officielle and Won Hundred service the best-dressed of the local community.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:21 ridic poses instagram makes us doThe things we neeeed from cecilie copenhagenLiterally, everyone is wearing tube socksFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Model, women’s health advocate, actress and designer, Liya Kebede is adding another string to her bow as Amazon Fashion’s new face.The 38-year-old Ethiopian model will star in the online store’s print advertising and social media campaigns across Europe for SS17.The campaign titled ‘Don’t Look Like Me, Look Like You’ celebrates individuality and unique style.Shot by photographer Cass Bird and styled by Julia Sarr-Jamois, Kebede appears in a number of Spring pieces.The pieces featured - including a cornflower blue suit and a red athleisure style two-piece - will be available on Amazon from the 1st March.READ MORE: The Hadids Are Launching EyewearREAD MORE: Gucci's Next Campaign Will Feature Only Black ModelsREAD MORE: Exclusive: Watch Alexa Chung In Two New Films For Longchamp© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Looking for a front row seat at fashion week? With Copenhagen Fashion Week in full swing, these are the people to follow to get beyond the street style frenzy and to see the action in real time…For many, Pernille Teisbaek is the definition of Danish street style. The model-turned-blogger-turned-fashion-director from Copenhagen has built a reputation as one of the city’s most influential street style icons. Don’t take our word for it – ask any of the 442k followers she has on Instagram!Teisbaek has been part of the Fashion industry for over a decade, and though her style has evolved, her fashion sense is timeless. These days, her wardrobe is an assortment of checks and stripes.Instagram: pernilleteisbaekTwitter: @lookdepernilleAlthough she currently lives in London, Marie Hindkaer Wolthers is originally from Denmark. Her blog, Blame It on Fashion, is an eclectic mix of items from her wardrobe and places she finds inspiration. It’s no surprise she has 63k followers on Instagram.When it comes to Scandinavian minimalism, few style gurus pull it off better than Wolthers.  Her style is understated and subtle, and something we could all learn from.Instagram: blamefashionTwitter: @blamefashionAnine was born in Denmark, but has since lived in London, Stockholm and LA. At just 15, she started modelling, which inspired her to start her blog and a fashion line. he also has a devout following of 393k Instagram followers.She puts a big emphasis on wearable fashion. If you’re not really into big, wacky ‘out there’ outfits, then this is your gal. Her clothing line reflects her style – it’s casual, comfy, and effortlessly cool.Instagram: aninebingTwitter: @AnineBingBetter known by her brand Couturekulten, Laura Tonder is a model, design student and blogger. She founded her blog in 2011 and has kept it up from her late teenage years into her twenties. It has a cult (or should we say ‘kult’) following – as does her Instagram account, with 13.4k followers.Unlike most Scandi style icons, Tonder has a bohemian quality. She’s a massive fan of native Scandinavian fashion brands, so scrolling through her blog is a great way to discover new, untapped labels.Instagram: couturekultenBlog: couturekulten.dkTina Maria Hansen launched her blog in 2012 and has been giving us both style envy and wanderlust ever since. Oh, and did we mention that she’s only 25? She is serious #goals.Hansen’s look is pure glamour. Whether she’s wearing a sleek leather jacket or one of her many fur coats, she’ll pair the look with a designer bag and sunglasses – who cares if it’s winter?Instagram: _tinamariaBlog: tinamarias.comKnown only as Monja W, this Danish blogger’s artsy snaps put our Insta profiles to shame. Her blog, Mowoblog, is a collection of her style inspirations. I’m not the only one who’s obsessed – this young influencer, she already has 126k followers on Instagram.The running theme is practical style. She is a big fan of grey knits, dark accessories and (most importantly) layering. She’s our go-to girl for how to stay warm and still look fabulous.Instagram: mowoblogSnapchat: mowoblogBlog: mowoblogIlirida Krasniqi is an Albanian/Danish fashion blogger currently living in Copenhagan. She’s deftly creative with her outfits, and her Insta account deserves its 13.9k followers.Her style is edgy for Denmark as she can regularly be found rocking a fur coat with ripped jeans and a mesh top. Ilirida makes grunge look simply gorgeous.Instagram: iliridakrasniqiSnapchat: iliridakLifestyle Editor, Photographer, CEO of Creative Agency glow: repeat… Emilie Delance’s CV puts us all to shame. Yet despite her busy schedule, she still finds time to look fantastic. If you’re searching for proof that hard work pays off, then look no further…Delance’s style is beautiful in its simplicity. She is the queen of block colours, and can usually be seen in a maxi-dress or midi-skirt. Timeless, elegant and relatively understated, we can all take a leaf out of this blogger’s book.Instagram: emiliedelanceBlog: emiliedelance.com Like this? Then you might be interested in...The Things We Neeeeed From Cecilie CopenhagenCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion?Vogue's Most Un-Vogue MomentsFollow Katie on Twitter @Katierussell_16=This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The fashion world loves a hybrid term. In the past we’ve gone crazy over jeggings, skorts and even shackets, and now there’s a new ridiculous name to dissect.Introducing the drouser. Yep, you guessed it, it’s a dress and pair of trousers in one, and the  item is having a bit of a moment.Spotted on the catwalk at Givenchy, Ellie Saab and Valentino, the combo style has been interpreted in a number of ways. At Givenchy and Ellie Saab, the incorporation of trousers gives the classic glitzy gown a fresh and unexpected twist, while at Valentino the vibe is much more laid-back with floaty maxi dresses worn over loose fit pants.For celebrities looking to make a statement, the drouser provides the perfect alternative to the standard floor-skimming gown. Much like wearing a jumpsuit or tux on the red carpet , wearing a drouser gives your get-up instant cool-girl appeal.Naturally, a number of celebs have already jumped on the drouser bandwagon. Gigi chose an Atelier Versace drouser for the Fashion Awards in December, while Emma Watson is a longterm fan of the look (our favourite being the above Osman creation she wore to the White House Correspondents' Dinner last April). A shout out must also go to Rosamund Pike who wore the above Givenchy drouser with aplomb at the premiere of A United Kingdom.While the drouser is perfect as statement eveningwear, it can also be incorporated into a casual wardrobe too. A number of designers showcased the drouser silhouette within their resort collections - this time with a more laid-back feel.Arguably more of a dress-over-trousers situation than the strict drousers spotted on the aforementioned catwalks, this rendition is definitely more accessible and wearable.Best of all, it’s super easy to recreate at home. Take your cue from Ellery and pair a long-sleeved floral dress over slim-fit black trousers, or dress down a cocktail dress with dark demin like Osman.This sleek styling trick has been gaining traction over the past year, and street style stars aplenty have favoured the look.Whether you layer a slip over white denim, or breathe some new life into a bejeweled mini with the addition of a pair of flared jeans, this winning pairing will bring a sense of newness to your outfit without even having to hit the shops. Fashionable and frugal, what more could you want?READ MORE: How To Remain Fashionable Even When It RainsREAD MORE: The Fashion Brands You Need To Fake It As A ScandiREAD MORE: Natalie Portman’s Style Evolution© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Givenchy creative director Riccardo Tisci has left the French fashion house after 12 years. It is thought that he departed the label on 31 January, at the end of his contract.As a result of his exit, there will be no show during Paris Fashion Week next month, and the January couture collection was his last.'The chapter Riccardo Tisci has written with the house of Givenchy over the last 12 years represents an incredible vision to sustain its continuous success, and I would like to warmly thank him for his core contribution to the house’s development,' said Bernard Arnault, LVMH chief executive officer and chairman.'I have very special affection for the House of Givenchy and its beautiful teams,' Tisci added. 'I want to thank the LVMH group and Monsieur Bernard Arnault for giving me the platform to express my creativity over the years. I now wish to focus on my personal interests and passions.'Tisci was credited with bringing a dark, sexy sensibility to Givenchy over the past decade and was known for his close friendships with Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West, who were frequent presences at his fashion shows. He designed the dress worn by Kim on her wedding day and supported Kanye's forays into fashion design.Meanwhile rumours are intensifying that the designer will now go to Versace. It wouldn't be such a surprising move considering how close the two are: Donatella Versace starred in Givenchy's autumn/winter 2015 campaign.'Riccardo Tisci is extremely talented and, above all, my dear friend,' Donatella was quoted as saying at the time. 'We are family. I want to get rid of the old system, work together, support each other and make fashion a true global community.'One thing's for certain: Saint West won't be making his front row debut at Givenchy this season.READ MORE: Learn How To Be More French With Alexa ChungREAD MORE: Gucci's Next Campaign Will Only Feature Black Models© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Hadids must have made it their new year’s resolution to achieve global domination. Gigi and Bella have cemented their status as models of the moment while brother Anwar recently made his foray into fashion.And it’s just been announced that two members of the Insta-famous family are set to launch an eyewear collection. You know, just something else to add to their ever-growing CVs.But this time, it’s not Gigi, Bella or Anwar behind the line. Who could it be, you wonder?Half-sister Alana has teamed up with her father Mohammed for the exciting six-piece range. Didn't see that coming, did you? The shopper-turned-stylist decided to collaborate with her dad as they share a love/obsession for sunnies.The eldest Hadid told WWD: “We both really love sunglasses - if you look at my father's Instagram, he is wearing sunglasses in every photo."She continued, "We both probably own 100-plus pairs. We are [pleased] to do something accessible to everyone. We wanted to keep [prices] at a point where if somewhere really loves them, they can buy them in all the colourways.”The father/daughter duo will donate five percent of net sales to The Vision of Children Foundation, which offers support to children who suffer from genetic vision disorders and blindness.The collection will be available online in March.In the meantime, keep up to date with the launch by following the brand's Instagram page.READ MORE: Anwar Hadid Is The New Face Of The Hugo SS17 CampaignREAD MORE: Bella And Anwar Hadid Just Proved That Talent Runs In The Family© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Alexa Chung, face of Longchamp, is the star of two new films for the French fashion house.In the videos Chung strides through the beautiful streets of the French capital in Longchamp’s Spring 2017 ready-to-wear pieces while toting their iconic bags. Chatting away in her usual witty and self-deprecating style, it is hard not to be charmed by the sartorial star.In the first - titled La Parisienne - she chats French style, the secret to looking effortless and how to craft a perfect outfit, while for the second film - titled J’aime Paris - she waxes lyrical about her favourite city and shows us her favourite spots.Directed by journalist and fashion documentary maker Loïc Prigent (famed for his tongue-in-cheek tweets from the front row), the videos are a playful take on the traditonal fashion ad format.Watch both the videos below.READ MORE: Alexa Chung's Style RulesREAD MORE: You Can Now Apply For A Job With Alexa ChungREAD MORE: Watch Alexa Chung In The New Longchamp Campaign© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...You can’t argue with the facts. According to Pinterest, there has been a 74 percent increase in fashion devotees saving pins of hoop earrings. Yes, we didn’t see that one coming either.You may be sat there claiming that you’re not one to wear a whole lot of jewellery. You’ve surpassed the stage in your childhood where you would layer velvet chokers with beaded necklaces alongside excessively stacked mood rings.But most of all, you’ve forgotten the last time you traded your multi-studded earlobes in exchange for Claire’s gold school-style hoops. Probably sometime in the nineties, right?But yes, it’s a jewellery phenomenon that can be worn by all. Whether you consider yourself a Scandi-wannabe with a specific (and minute) collection of structured jewellery, a maximalist devotee who favours statement studs or maybe even someone who can't remember the last time you decorated your lobes - this trend is sure to crop up on your shopping list.So forget the over-complicated biology of helix, tragus and conch piercings (we don't know what's what either) and strip back to basics. Because hoops are back and they’re big news this season.These are the style rules you need to remember RN:We're talking hoops circa 1990. Remember when we were harking on about supersized earrings? Well, the same rules apply when it comes to choosing your hoops. Forget what people say, size most definitely matters.The weighty trend carries an equally heavy responsibility, as we embark on a shopping mission to source the mightiest of the mega trend. This season, anything goes and just as we mismatched our booties à la Céline, we're now mismatching your hoops.You needn't opt for nineties-esque hoops. If you regularly covet Scandi-esque tailoring, super-straight silhouettes and minimal hues (as though you've stepped right out of COS and rolled in a Ganni sample sale) - then these are one for you.Hoops needn't be predictable. Opt for geometric shapes, resin materials and wooden elements when shopping for your lobes. We recommend checking out cult jewellers Dinny Hall, Magpie On The Run and Monica Vinader. Nothing will look more desirable against a crisp, wide-cuffed shirt. Trust us.This season we've gone all lady-like. Take inspo from royalty and political figures alike this season. With the likes of Jackie O and Princess Diana dominating the headlines, seek guidance from the icons who embodied grace and elegance.Opt for pearl or diamond encrusted earrings to decorate your lobes this season, (we're onsidering them an essential investment). We're still seeking sartorial inspiration from the late greats after all. Look to Rosantica for earrings drenched in pearls or Anita Ko for daintier pieces which hold an equally magic charm.Shop the hoop earrings our lobes are lusting over this season below:Credit: Monica VinaderRiva Diamond Hoop Earrings In Sterling Silver, £275, Monica Vinader Hoop Earrings - Grazia2of10Riva Diamond Hoop Earrings In Sterling Silver, £275, Monica Vinader Silver Small Bamboo Hoop Earrings By Dinny Hall, £100, Liberty LondonTusk Earrings By Mathew Calvin, £80, Magpie On The RunGold Square Hug Hoop Earrings By Melissa Joy Manning, 135, Liberty LondonSkinny Ball Earrings, £30.00, Magpie On The RunSmall Sky Blue Topaz Hug Hoops By Melissa Joy Manning, £165, Liberty LondonMedium Hoop Earrings By Maria Black, £95.00, Liberty LondonIsabel Marant Gold-Tone Bone Earrings, £55, Net-A-PorterKenneth Jay Lane Gold-Plated Mismatched Hoop Earrings, £30, Net-A-PorterArcher Earrings, £45.00, Magpie On The RunREAD MORE: Make Sure To Supersize Your Earrings This SeasonREAD MORE: Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About The Multiple Ear Piercing Trend© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Since Alessandro Michele took over at the helm of Gucci nearly two years ago he's transformed the fortune of the luxury Italian house. While Gucci’s change in look saw the brand reach new levels of international superstardom, they have also faced criticism for their casting. Up until now they have nearly always used primarily white models in their campaigns and runway shows.And they’re not alone, while brands such as Balmain and Zac Posen have been praised for their diverse casting in recent years, the women we see advertising the fashion we buy are predominately white.This however all looks set to change. Last week Gucci shared nine audition style tapes via social media from the models that will appear in their Pre-Fall 2017 campaign, all of whom are black. In the videos, the models, street cast by the same agency used by Hood By Air, show off their best dance moves and chat about the definition of soul and what their chosen spirit animal would be.“Dance is an important part of this story and consequently the casting reflects this. However, it is also the case that Alessandro Michele has always celebrated diversity in all of its forms in his approach to his work,” a spokesperson from Gucci told Business of Fashion.While it could be viewed as excellent marketing on Gucci's behalf, whatever way you look at it, this campaign can only be a good thing when it comes to encouraging a more diverse industry.READ MORE: Tom Hiddleston Is Gucci's New Campaign StarREAD MORE: Vanessa Redgrave Is The New Face Of Gucci© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Once a jean wearers staple, wallet chains were phased out in the mid-2000s. Why? Who knows – maybe everyone decided purse theft was no longer a problem. Or more likely, this trend, which was so cherished by Camden Market retailers, became passé.This pragmatic accessory once stood at the intersection of multiple sub-cultures movements, like grunge, rave, hip-hop and nu-metal rock. Twenty years ago it was an emblem of the disenfranchised. Now, with the world once again being rocked by social unrest, the wallet chain is back. Vetements put this humble silver linked accessory on the catwalk last fall, and Miaou has been using it as a belt for their trendy jeans, but what I want to know is: how can get this look on the cheap?The high street is only just catching on to this trend, so it isn’t awash with options. Yet. ASOS and New Look have the look nailed on the cheap. We tried on this leather and metal style from ASOS, which has (awkwardly for us) already sold us.Our advice is to think outside the belt loops. While jeans and Dickies are the obvious options, cinched dresses and thick jumpers look equally stylish with this badass belt.In a word, no. This piece is about achieving a look on the cheap, so expect something that will satisfy your trend craving but won’t overhaul your accessory selection. The chains are essentially attached by a massive paper clip, which up close looks far from luxe. But, from a bit of a distance, it glints and gives movement to the chains.ASOS, Chain Grunge Waist And Hip Belt, £12ASOS, Slim Belt With Chain In Black, £12; New Look, Black Leather-Look Gold Chain Jeans Belt, £6.99; ASOS, Grunge Drop Chain Waist And Hip Belt, £4.50Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Is This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendGetting To Third Base With A Complex Topshop Tiered DressFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To celebrate our High Street Issue, on newsstands today, senior fashion editor Gemma Hayward has scoured the high street to bring you her edit of the best shoes, bags, dresses, trousers and coats.Since the clocks have turned back and the sun has finally said 'hello', we’ve been busy curating a must-have shopping list. And boy, there are some great shoes on there.Take a look at Grazia's top three favourites below:We’ve lusting over these mustard slip-on mules. We’ll be teaming them up with a crisp white shirt and cigarette trousers this spring.Remember last summer when pompoms were all the rage? Well, we’re still actively seeking fun fashion and these sandals are the answer to our fashion prayers.We’ll be pairing these pompom block shoes with a duster jacket, cold-shoulder top and asymmetric skirt come summer.Forget athleisure for one moment. The biggest trend of the season? Luxe fashion. Your new motto? The more bejewelled, the better. We’re going to be investing in these slip-ons, asap. Pair with jeans and you’ve found the perfect work-to-drinks ensemble.Shop the high street drop in the gallery below:Black 'Holly' Studded Flat Shoes, £18 from Dorothy PerkinsGrazia high street issue - shoes2of10Black 'Holly' Studded Flat Shoes, £18 from Dorothy PerkinsModern Rarity G Marica Slingback Court Shoes, £79 from John LewisYellow Sateen Mules, £18 from New LookOffice Sheriff Western Mule Sandals, £45 from OfficeDusk White Flat Loafer Shoes, £160 from Kurt GeigerWave Mid Court, £49.75 from BodenMid Heel Pompom Sandals, £39.99 from ZaraMarrese Light Pink Women's Flats, £25 from ALDOTaissa Black Stripe Heel, £165 from MiistaVelvet slides with gem, £115 from UterqüeREAD MORE: 10 Best High Street... Dresses© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It’s the most anticipated event in our television calendar, the Super Bowl. And this year, Lady Gaga is set to perform in the halftime show.But the singer is not one to do things by halves as it has also been revealed that she will star in a new campaign for cult jewellery brand, Tiffany & Co.The 60-second advert entitled, ‘Legendary Style’, will promote the brand’s new jewellery collection, Tiffany City Hardwear. The line was inspired by a unisex bracelet from the 1971 Tiffany Archives and features earrings, rings, necklaces and pendants.Lady Gaga speaks unscripted in the campaign, addressing her love of the company as the campaign celebrates women of ‘confidence, beauty and substance’.“In New York, you're born knowing that Tiffany is the best, and that it is where the magic happens”, Lady Gaga tells the audience. “To me, Tiffany represents timeless American jewellery.”The exciting new campaign was directed by Tiffany’s in-house team in collaboration with fashion icon Grace Coddington and was shot by legendary photographer, David Sims.The Tiffany City Hardwear collection will be available online from May 2 and in-store worldwide on April 28. And for those who can’t wait, you can pre-order from February 5.Watch a clip from the campaign below:You can catch the full advertisement during the Super Bowl on February 5.READ MORE: Lady Gaga Took A Career Break For Her Mental HealthREAD MORE: Lady Gaga Pens Powerful Open Letter On Living With PTSD© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The world of trainers is a confusing, muddled space – it’s a constantly churning trend wheel catering to fanatic sneakerheads and fanboy zines. When not making millions selling classics, like adidas Stan Smiths and Old Skool Vans, brands have seemingly daily drops of limited edition kicks. So, like a breath of fresh air blowing through this over-saturated scene comes a new trend for collaged creps. Helen Kirkum showed me her sole -collaged from many dead trainers she ' remastered' at the RCA 🙌 ..Looking forward to her next reveal which will be at ITS young designer awards in Trieste in July - cos she won the top prize hands - feet - down. #helentime @helenkirkum www.helenkirkum.com #sarahslistA post shared by  Sarah Mower (@sarahmower_) on Jan 17, 2017 at 12:03pm PST Sneaks at @caselyhayfordlondon F/W 17 👟👊🏻 📸 Awesome shot by @a_moyano . #caselyhayford #helenkirkum #kicks #remastered #discarded #sneakers #sneaks #lfw #lfwmensA post shared by  ♻️✂️ (@helenkirkumstudio) on Jan 12, 2017 at 2:10pm PSTSince graduating from Royal College of Art in July 2016, Helen Kirkum has been refashioning trainers. She dismantles old odd models found at recycling centres and reconstructs them into new shoes. A shot of my shoes from @sarahmower_ || come along to the show and see for yourself 😉👟👊🏻 #rcacohort2016 #rcafashion2016 #famrca2016 #footwear #sneakers #sneaks #menswear #remastered #remade @fam.rca @rcacohortA post shared by  ♻️✂️ (@helenkirkumstudio) on Jun 11, 2016 at 8:52am PDTLike Dadaism, her work is reliant on objet trouvé as she unpicks the components of old sneakers to create her refreshingly new designs. Kirkum reconstitutes these found pieces by collaging them together using traditional lasting and construction techniques. For this, she has won accolades – namely Vogue’s International Talent Support prize and Mulberry’s Graduate Fashion Week award – and collaborated with brands like Casely-Hayford. #VETEMENTSxREEBOKA post shared by  VETEMENTS (@vetements_official) on Jan 30, 2017 at 9:19am PSTKirkum’s work is making waves in the industry as Vetements and Reebok have been hinting about their upcoming collaboration that is flatteringly similar to this young RCA grad’s footwear. For the French couturier’s second collection with the sportswear label, they have teased an image of a pair of well-worn white sneakers, with traditional components collaged into a new sneaker silhouette.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:We Tried The Best Affordable Gym Gear On The High Street, So You Don't Have ToEveryone Is Wearing Tube Socks21 Ridic Poses Instagram Makes Us DoFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Natalie Portman first graced our screens back in 1994, as a 12-year-old assassin's protégé in Leon. Cue cult movie saga Star Wars and most recently, critically acclaimed Jackie, and Portman successfully cemented her status as one of Hollywood's starlets.Of course, one job that comes hand in hand with the responsibility of working in the film industry is the duty of attending premieres. But by now, Portman has become a fully-fledged expert in the art of red carpet going and her wardrobe is undoubtedly a reflection of this.With a penchant for ballgown skirts, minimalist sheath dresses and lipstick red garments, the actress knows what works well for her. And French fashion house Dior plays a huge role in the creation of her inimitable aesthetic, as she often calls on the designer brand for red carpet assistance.So in celebration of her inimitable wardrobe, we reflect on her style evolution from her first red carpet appearances in the nineties to her most recent sartorial triumphs...Just reflect on the sartorial influence newly released Jackie has had on audiences. As soon as the teaser trailer was leaked, we took to Google to excessively pin countless retro Jackie O images. We were intrigued by the mysterious history of the 'Chanel' pink suit and were drawn to the story behind the former First Lady's iconic wardrobe, all courtesy of Portman's visually stimulating portrayal of the past political figure.But Portman made her film debut on our screens back in 1994, as she portrayed an assasin's accomplice in Leon. On reflection, we lust over the cult nineties accessories that were considered a staple back in the day. We're talking velvet chokers, crochet beanies and that iconic crop cut.Portman undoubtedly rivals Blake Lively when it comes to red carpet bump dressing. For her first pregnancy, Portman opted for bright hues.This time around, the actress notably chose more minimal shades - favouring cream and black.Our favourite fashion moment? Most recently, Portman attended the SAG Awards in a Dior sheath dress with puffed-up sleeves. That's one major trend ticked off.The style rules that defined her red carpet wardrobe:You may consider colour blocking to be the sartorial art form of Insta bloggers but Natalie was coveting the trend back in 1996 aged just 15. For the premiere of Mars Attacks!, the young actress donned head-to-toe green with co-ordinating accessories and all.Fast forward to the 2012 Golden Globes and Portman worked colour-blocking once more, opting for the highly coveted pink and red juxtaposition.Two decades ago, the fashion rules on the red carpet were a little more flexible. We’re talking tees layered beneath slip dresses, barely there makeup and of course the cult accessory - the denim jacket.Back in 1998, the fledgling star paired a knee-skimming dress with a classic buttoned-up cover-up. Satin courts and an embellished shopper accessorised the quintessentially nineties get-up.Ah, the noughties silhouette which accentuated the bohemian style we all sought to imitate. Influenced by the likes of boho know-it-alls such as Sienna Miller, the fashion crowd quickly adopted chunky circle belts, floor skimming skirts and of course, the drop-waist.Portman opted for a white Chloé dress to the 2005 Golden Globe Awards where she picked up the the award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in Closer. Throw in a double-layered bead necklace and side-swept fringe and you can't get more noughties than that.Before Portman established her love of minimal silhouettes and monochrome sheath dresses, the actress experimented in the fashion department. Yes, we're referring to the ruffles. Back in 2008, Portman donned a wine red cold-shoulder Christian Lacroix gown to the premiere of The Other Boleyn Girl.In the same year, the actress opted for even more ruffles in a strapless red dress by Lanvin to the premiere of Che at Cannes Film Festival.But that's not all. Browse the gallery below for her top ten fashion moments of all time:Credit: GettyIn 2016, Portman attended the AFI Awards wearing an embroidered gown by Dior layered beneath a crisp white blazer, also by, you guessed it, Dior.Natalie Portman Style Evolution - Grazia2of10In 2016, Portman attended the AFI Awards wearing an embroidered gown by Dior layered beneath a crisp white blazer, also by, you guessed it, Dior.Back in 2011, Portman opted for a mulberry cold-shoulder dress by Rodarte for the Oscars. The actress finished the look with Hollywood waves and co-ordinating accessories.For the premiere of 'Jackie' at Venice Film Festival, Portman opted for an off the shoulder lace gown by Valentino.Natalie Portman paid sartorial homage to Jackie Kennedy at the 2017 Golden Globes in a mustard yellow Prada gown, finished with bouffant hair and a box clutch. We can't help but draw comparisons with Jackie's Oleg Cassini yellow gown, which she donned for a state dinner in 1961.  Another example of Portman's love of French fashion house, Dior. The actress donned the strapless red couture gown in Cannes, finished with teardrop earrings and sleek locks.Natalie Portman opted for Rodarte at the photocall for 'A Tale Of Love And Darkness', her directorial debut. The sheer-back dress with floral embroidery divided fashion critics but was a risk worth pulling off in our eyes.In 2015, Portman attended the Vanity Fair Oscars party in a sleek, cream gown by Dior. She finished the look with minimal accessories.Without doubt, Grazia's favourite. Natalie opted for favourite fashion house Dior when dressing for the 2017 SAG Awards. The cream gown finished with supersized sleeves works well against her swept updo and fan earrings.Portman opted for firm favourite, Dior, for the premiere of 'Thor: The Dark World'.Portman opted for Dior couture at the Ballet National de Paris Opening Season Gala in 2015. Renowned for her tendency to don minimal shapes and monochrome hues, this was a bright choice for the actress. But she pulled it off. READ MORE: The 17 Films You Can't Miss In 2017READ MORE: Was Natalie Portman Right To Complain About Pay Inequality 5 Years On?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Copenhagen kicks off the global fashion week roundabout on Wednesday and we’re expecting great things from the Danes. First off, the Scandi set know how to make distinctive pieces at an (almost) affordable price point. Take the label Cecilie Copenhagen for instance, this blogger-favorite label has cornered the market with flattering, yet simple designs that twist the traditional keffiyeh scarf print into a singularly cool pattern. Best of all, Cecilie Copenhagen isn’t a trend chasing label, so you’ll know whatever you buy from them will be relevant for many seasons to come.Cecile Copenhagen, Black Dress, £173Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Can You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion?Getting To Third Base With A Complex Tiered DressVogue’s Most Un-Vogue MomentsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fancy giving your wardrobe a refresh? Well, you can with these covetable items that are currently in shops.From lasting designer pieces to high street essentials you need to get before they’re gone, this round-up will have you covered for this month and beyond.Wear-everywhere midi dresses, practical jumpsuits and comfy heels are all top of the agenda – not to mention easy accessories that will instantly jazz up any outfit and some of the hottest brands on Instagram at the moment.Whether you buy right now or bookmark to shop later, peruse these beauties at your leisure. And prepare for a slew of compliments to roll in.Get your office game face on with this high-waisted number.Ganni's leopard print is the gift that keeps on giving.Swap open-toed sandals for snakeskin mules now it's officially autumn.Messika's 18ct gold ring with a halo of diamonds is a modern heirloom.The cool-girl way to do autumn.Cinch in blazers and blossom-printed dresses with this belt.These hoops will soon have wear-with-anything status in your jewellery box.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After months of rumours, the lead designer of Chloé has asked for her P45 and will be leaving the French fashion house at the end of March. For six years, Clare has been at the helm of this Parisian-powerhouse and consistently pushed its signature louche, hippy aesthetic to new levels.In 1952 Gaby Aghion founded Chloé to fill the gap between couture and off-the-rack. By the time Karl Lagerfeld took over as lead designer in 1964, the label had made a nomadic party girl look its signature. So, when Stella McCartney replaced Kaiser Karl in '97 and Celine’s Phoebe Philo was drafted in five years later, the wanderlust aesthetic had gained a cult following. The label made clogs and towering platforms, boho skirts and silk camis, Broderie Anglais dresses and high-waisted jeans everyday items.Under the watchful eye of Clare Waight Keller, Chloé was able to cast a spell on our wardrobes and the trends we wear. Through her varied collections, she reintroduced the world to motorcyclist Anne-France Dautheville – the first woman to motorbike around the world solo – kicked off Alexa Chung’s Mary Jane addiction and made high-fashion tracksuits and Gap Yah fleeces acceptable. Here is everything we wear because of Clare...Chloé autumn winter 2016Chloé spring summer 2015Chloé autumn winter 2016Chloé autumn winter 2015Chloé spring summer 2015Chloé autumn winter 2016Chloé spring summer 2016Chloé autumn winter 2015Chloé pre-fall 2015Credit: Instagram [@rosiehw](https://www.instagram.com/rosiehw/?hl=en)*Chloé spring summer 2015*Chloé spring summer 2015Chloé spring summer 2014Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Can You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion?Dig Out Those Ghds, Poker-Straight Hair Is Back9 Ways To Heal Your Hair For Under 9 QuidFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you want a handbag for under a hundred quid, where do you look? The high street, obviously. But, you run the risk of seeing everyone and their mum wearing the same item. While, it’s lovely to know your taste level is appreciated by one and all, sometimes it’s better to stand out from the crowd. Enter: Charles & Keith.This Singaporean accessories line is currently flying under-the-radar, which means buying now will get you fashion kudos from editors, stylists and those in the know. Best of all, it’s designs are subtle and minimalist and with an equally appetising price tag to match.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Can You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion?Dig Out Those Ghds, Poker-Straight Hair Is Back9 Ways To Heal Your Hair For Under 9 QuidFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I have a slight problem when it comes to buying gym wear. And when I mean slight, I mean a massive problem. I like to buy new running leggings on the regular and my trainer collection is now too big to put on my shoe rack, because I need seven pairs of different support gym trainers, okay? But I know I’m not alone in this obsession.Gym gear is THE reason to drag your sorry arse out of bed and get to the gym, and there’s no end of high street stuff available to fill your wardrobe with. I trawled the high-street for the best picks of lyrca, from high to low. Whether you’re a patterned tights kind of girl, or prefer all-black, here’s our favourite picks of the best affordable sportswear.I’m not normally a fan of pink, but for the gym? Why not. Say hello to the outfit you could (probably) get away with wearing to work in the day before you hit up a spin class at night.Free People Movement Rainbow Runner Legging, £98, Free People Movement Rainbow Runner Top, £58, both ASOS, Adidas Ultra Boost Trainers, £129.95To say I’m obsessed with this is an understatement. Who doesn’t love a rainbow wrapped around their leg as they attempt to squat? Answer: no one.  Adidas Originals 3-Stipes leggings, £24.95, Nike Air Huarache Run Trainers In Metallic Silver, £90 , Nike Pullover Hoodie In Black With Small Futura Logo, £45 , both ASOS Getting to and from the gym is an absolute nightmare if it’s raining, which it normally is here in grey England. Plus if you're only sporting a small spots bra underneath but can't face riding the bus sans top, this Nike number is the one for you.Adidas Training Ultimate Long Tights, £64.95 Adidas Speed Crop Top, £24.95, Adidas Ultra Boost Trainers, £129.95 These were made for hip hop spin. To be worn at the front of the class, centre bike in all their glory.*Free People Movement Rainbow Runner Legging, £98, Fabletics Shelby L/S Top, £7.50 (when you first sign up), Trainers, Primark [](http://www.adidas.co.uk/ultra-boost-shoes/S80682.html)*Mesh is the ultimate fabric for HIIT classes when things get just a little bit too hot. All those holes = less sweat. Like this? You might also be interested in…How To Bring Your Accessories A-Game This Story We Tried On New Season Topshop So You Don’t Have to Ww Tried On All The Best Stuff For Tall Girls On The High Street So You Don’t have To This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re at that funny moment in the fashion calendar when the air fizzes with affordable trends. We’ve watched winter’s designs get dumped on the sale rack, and spring styles slide into stores. But, for as long as icy winds still blow summer’s fashion trends will feel ridiculous and impractical. Enter, this fleeting moment between seasons when quick fix trends rise to the fore. Giving you the endorphin injection of a new purchase, but without committing to a full new look, it’s the perfect answer to repressing your thirst for a wardrobe revamp.Following in the footsteps, (sorry, couldn’t help it) of net tights and spaghetti strap tops, the new purse-friendly piece to covert is the athletic tube sock. While you’ll remember them from P.E. as the ribbed calf-high nightmares that constantly fought gravity to stay above your ankle, they’ve had a rebirth.  It’s a nod to Vetement’s be-logoed sock boots, to the rising 70s aesthetic, to Gucci’s lookbook and the growing influence of skater style. Kristen Stewart has been schooling us in the look for yonks, but until now it’s always seemed to LA to bring to London, but that's all changed...*Credit: Instagram @milocuki*Too cold for Adidas slides? Never! Pull up a pair of tube socks, and they become a year-round shoe.*Credit: Instagram @Baesmentapproved*Bleach will become your washing routine’s best mate because the trick is to keep your socks as sparkling as the wave on your Vans.Credit: Instagram @SimihazeWe’ll level with you - we're not sure which of the identical twins, Sama and Haya Khadra, stepped out in the statement socks, but either way she’s worth paying attention to. Her mid-calf tube socks instantly balance out her oversized mini t-shirt dress and in the process up its cool credentials.Credit: Instagram @StefaninurdingxxAs an actual skater, Stefani Nurding brings credibility to this trend. We love how her ribbed socks match her board and trousers.Credit: Instagram @CharliexbarkerModel Charlie Barker has a unique sense of style, and she’s showing it feet first. She proves trainers aren’t your only footwear option with these socks.Credit: Instagram @laura_hinsonGive old sneeks a new lease of life with branded socks, like Lauren Hinson’s trendy Liam Hodge socks.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Balenciaga Made PFW Great Again With A Bernie Sanders-Themed CollectionDigesting Dolce & Gabbana’s Clickbait Fashion ShowIs Iris Law Too Young To Be The New Face Of Burberry Beauty?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Amal Clooney is one hell of a woman. The hugely successful human rights lawyer, who studied in New York and has worked on everything from the Israel-Gaza conflict to the recognition of the Armenian Genocide, is so much more than Mrs George Clooney.Since being thrust into the spotlight following her marriage to George in September 2014, she's been celebrated for her wardrobe as well as her intelligence. Her style is effortlessly elegant and sophisticated; from her chic workwear to the custom Oscar de la Renta gown she wore for her wedding day, she never fails to look flawless.For formal occasions her favourite designers include Alexander McQueen, Dolce & Gabbana and Maison Margiela by John Galliano.Even when dressing down, Amal still exudes class. When she's out and about on the streets of New York or London she wears a lot of pieces by Italian designer, Giambattista Valli.Amal married George Clooney in 2014 in Venice. She looked divine throughout the entire trip - not just at the altar. She showed style and grace in a Stella McCartney suit, A Giambattista Valli dress, and a striped dress by Dolce & Gabbana, whilst enjoying the beautiful Italian city.Take a look at her best looks in the gallery below…Credit: GettyAt the Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in 2015, Amal wore a red dress by Paule Ka.Credit: GettyAmal visited the Acropolis Museum in Athens in 2014, and wore a Chanel suit.Credit: GettyOn the eve of their wedding in Venice in 2014, Amal wore a striped Dolce & Gabbana dress.Credit: GettyIn Venice in 2014, Amal looked divine in a Giambattista Valli dress.Credit: GettyAmal wowed in a strapless, floor-length black Dolce & Gabbana gown when she attended the Celebrity Fight Night in Italy in 2014, alongside husband George.Credit: GettyAmal wore a Stella McCartney suit when she landed at Marco Polo Airport in Venice, in 2014.Credit: gettyAmal wore a Camilla Bona dress when she visited the Greek Ministry of Culture and Sports in 2014.Credit: GettyAmal stunned in a black Dior gown at the 72nd Annual Golden Awards in 2015.Credit: GettyAmal was out in Soho, New York in 2015 wearing a Gucci blouse and carrying a Balenciaga bag.Credit: GettyAmal wore Giambattista Valli trousers with a plain black top in New York in spring 2015.Credit: GettyOn the set of George Clooney's film Money Monster in New York in 2015, Amal wore Giambattista Valli blouse with jeans and platforms.Credit: GettyAmal wore a black, white and red Alexander McQueen dress with black stilettos when she was out with husband George in New York in spring 2015.Credit: GettyAmal and George attended 'China: Through the Looking Glass' 2015 Costume Institute Benefit Gala, at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 2015. Amal wore a scarlet Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.Credit: GettyAt the Tomorrowland premiere in Tokyo in 2015, Amal wowed in a custom gold Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.Credit: GettyOut in London in 2015, Amal looked chic in a khaki jumpsuit by Sonia Rykiel, and tan mules.Credit: GettyAt the Casamigos Tequila Spain launch in Ibiza, 2015, Amal dazzled in a gold sequin mini dress.Credit: GettyAmal wore a Giambattista Valli gown when she attended the premiere of her husband's film Hail, Caesar! in early 2016.Credit: GettyAmal and George attended the MPTF 95th anniversary 'Hollywood's Night Under The Stars' in 2016. Amal wore silk high-waisted Ossie Clark trousers with an off-shoulder black top.Credit: GettyAmal attended the Charlotte Tilbury Christmas Party in 2015 wearing a metallic silver two-piece by Lanvin.Credit: GettyWhen speaking at the Texas Conference for Women Amal wore a pinstriped dress by Giorgio Armani.Credit: GettyAmal and George attend the Netflix special screening and reception of The White Helmets. Amal opted for a floral Dolce and Gabbana dress.Credit: GettyWhilst running around New York in the summer, Amal's style never flounders. Here she rocks the preppy look in a Gucci contrast pussy bow dress.Credit: GettyAmal was spotted out on the streets of Manhattan in September wearing dogtooth trousers, a long red coat, big shades and pointed stilettos. We're obsessed with this look.Amal Clooney Style - Grazia2of23At the Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in 2015, Amal wore a red dress by Paule Ka.Amal visited the Acropolis Museum in Athens in 2014, and wore a Chanel suit.On the eve of their wedding in Venice in 2014, Amal wore a striped Dolce & Gabbana dress.In Venice in 2014, Amal looked divine in a Giambattista Valli dress.Amal wowed in a strapless, floor-length black Dolce & Gabbana gown when she attended the Celebrity Fight Night in Italy in 2014, alongside husband George.Amal wore a Stella McCartney suit when she landed at Marco Polo Airport in Venice, in 2014.Amal wore a Camilla Bona dress when she visited the Greek Ministry of Culture and Sports in 2014.Amal stunned in a black Dior gown at the 72nd Annual Golden Awards in 2015.Amal was out in Soho, New York in 2015 wearing a Gucci blouse and carrying a Balenciaga bag.Amal wore Giambattista Valli trousers with a plain black top in New York in spring 2015.On the set of George Clooney's film Money Monster in New York in 2015, Amal wore Giambattista Valli blouse with jeans and platforms.Amal wore a black, white and red Alexander McQueen dress with black stilettos when she was out with husband George in New York in spring 2015.Amal and George attended 'China: Through the Looking Glass' 2015 Costume Institute Benefit Gala, at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 2015. Amal wore a scarlet Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.At the Tomorrowland premiere in Tokyo in 2015, Amal wowed in a custom gold Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.Out in London in 2015, Amal looked chic in a khaki jumpsuit by Sonia Rykiel, and tan mules.At the Casamigos Tequila Spain launch in Ibiza, 2015, Amal dazzled in a gold sequin mini dress.Amal wore a Giambattista Valli gown when she attended the premiere of her husband's film Hail, Caesar! in early 2016.Amal and George attended the MPTF 95th anniversary 'Hollywood's Night Under The Stars' in 2016. Amal wore silk high-waisted Ossie Clark trousers with an off-shoulder black top.Amal attended the Charlotte Tilbury Christmas Party in 2015 wearing a metallic silver two-piece by Lanvin.When speaking at the Texas Conference for Women Amal wore a pinstriped dress by Giorgio Armani.Amal and George attend the Netflix special screening and reception of The White Helmets. Amal opted for a floral Dolce and Gabbana dress.Whilst running around New York in the summer, Amal's style never flounders. Here she rocks the preppy look in a Gucci contrast pussy bow dress.Amal was spotted out on the streets of Manhattan in September wearing dogtooth trousers, a long red coat, big shades and pointed stilettos. We're obsessed with this look.READ MORE: Why Michelle Obama Is The First Lady Of FashionREAD MORE: Kate Middleton's Best Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Once upon a time (ten years ago) posing for photographs was limited to a cringe-y Myspace webcam pic or saved for family vacations. But, ever since the dawn of the Instagram age, this has all changed. From buttocks-toning squats and bathroom selfies to being ‘casually’ caught glancing over your shoulder, on Instagram it all goes. If you do more than 11 of these 21 ludicrous Instagram poses on the reg then I hope, to dear God, you have more than 1K followers…Credit: Instagram @emrataCredit: Instagram @coradelaneyCredit: Instagram @naomishimadaCredit: Instagram @asos_olive5. New Hardware AlertCredit: Instagram @pandorasykesCredit: Instagram @kimkardashianCredit: Instagram @amira_mccarthyCredit: Instagram @pandorasykesCredit: Instagram @kyliejennnerCredit: Instagram @asos_oliveCredit: Instagram @phoebeletticeCredit: Instagram @elainewelterothCredit: Instagram @charliexbarkerCredit: Instagram @kekepalmerCredit: Instagram @erikabowesCredit: Instagram @isseybrunnerCredit: Instagram @pieandfashCredit: Instagram @mynamesdianaCredit: Instagram @simihazeCredit: Instagram @emrataCredit: Instagram @gracefvictoryLike this? Then you might also be interested in:Can You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast Fashion?Getting To Third Base With A Complex Tiered DressVogue’s Most Un-Vogue MomentsFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fancy giving your wardrobe a refresh? Well, you can with these covetable items that are currently in shops.From lasting designer pieces to high street essentials you need to get before they’re gone, this round-up will have you covered for this month and beyond.Wear-everywhere midi dresses, practical jumpsuits and comfy heels are all top of the agenda – not to mention easy accessories that will instantly jazz up any outfit and some of the hottest brands on Instagram at the moment.Whether you buy right now or bookmark to shop later, peruse these beauties at your leisure. And prepare for a slew of compliments to roll in.Get your office game face on with this high-waisted number.Ganni's leopard print is the gift that keeps on giving.Swap open-toed sandals for snakeskin mules now it's officially autumn.Messika's 18ct gold ring with a halo of diamonds is a modern heirloom.The cool-girl way to do autumn.Cinch in blazers and blossom-printed dresses with this belt.These hoops will soon have wear-with-anything status in your jewellery box.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If you don’t know who Keke Palmer is, be assured you will soon. She’s the 23-year-old fashion chameleon who’s enigmatic onscreen and off. While she’s had a record deal since she was 13, she’s no label invention. And, though she took on her first Hollywood lead role at just nine years old, she’s certainly not a manufactured child star. Keke is a new breed of Hollywood.Keke is best known for playing Zayday Willaims in Scream Queens, but out of hours, her style is anything but preppy sorority girl. She rarely shies away from a statement-making pieces (ahem that Leo DiCaprio denim bikini top for instance). Her wardrobe consists of bondage underwear as outerwear, skater brands, vintage-fit jeans and Vetements. With the help of her stylist Michael Benyamin, she consistently redefines her signature style. One second she spotted tackling a hot-property designer item, the next she’s getting stalked by the paparazzi in some lazy-day sportswear. Get to know the straight-talking, Daily Mail favourite now with 17 essentials facts about her:Credit: Instagram @Kekepalmer Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 New Things To Buy At Kendall’s Stylist’s Favourite StoreIs This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’ll level with you, Paris’s bi-annual haute couture fashion week is utterly ludicrous. The majority of pieces are one-offs, and the few that get made for a select group of VIP clients and red carpet events can cost tens of thousands of pounds (sometimes even more). For Joe Bloggs and I, it’s an exercise in escapism. It's a moment to have your breath taken away by a fairy tale gown or a precisely tailored suit.From Chanel’s fantasy dresses, to Viktor & Rolf’s hybrid gowns made of cut-offs from old, damaged party dresses, to Francesco Scognamiglo’s kickass couture, these are the looks that made our hearts beat just a little bit faster:Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Getting To Third Base With A Complex Topshop Tiered DressAre Biker Hats The New Beret?Don’t Be Scared But Spaghetti Strap Tops Are BackFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Paris Haute Couture is essentially a love letter to high-luxe fashion. A time to lose yourself in the fantasy of it all. And celebrate the most elaborate fairy tale creations, embellishments and months of intricate handiwork in the ateliers.This season brought the goods - with ethereal and Disney-style looks big winners, with A-listers from Thandie Newton, Kirsten Dunst and Nicole Kidman spotted on the FROW. To mark the fashion spectacle in the City of Light, here’s our pick of the five dreamiest dresses from the SS17 couture shows…For her first couture collection Maria Grazia Churi created a woodland wonderland, within the garden of the Musee Rodin. Fans of Little Red Riding Hood will be all over this one.A masterclass in contemporary, red-carpet dressing. Pierpaolo Piccioli staged his first solo couture collection (previously he worked alongside now-Dior designer Maria Grazia Chiuri), showing a collection of sheer organza skirts, delicate draping and an array of colours from raspberry and pink to the fashion house’s signature scarlet. Although we’re very much in love with this pleated, fuchsia number.For those who have an aversion to wearing yellow, you may just be swayed after seeing this voluminous Beauty and the Beast-esque show-stopper. All this model needs now? A ballroom and Dan Stevens, and she’s good to go.Elie Saab took inspiration from Egypt, showing a collection of lust-worthy silk tulle creations fit for Cinderella in muted colours.Oh to be a Chanel bride! This season 17-year-old model of-the-moment Lily-Rose Depp had the honour of closing the show in one of the biggest blush-toned wedding gowns. Layers of tulle, pink and puffball sleeves. The eighties trend is finding its way onto the couture catwalk. Yes, really.READ MORE: Lily-Rose Depp Is This Season's Chanel Bride READ MORE: WATCH: Emma Watson Singing In The New Beauty And The Beast Trailer© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion fact; there are some really hot brands emerging around the world right now, and not all of them are available in the UK. Ordering online is, of course, the easiest way to get your hands on that splendid new top that you saw on your favourite American blogger’s Insta - but there are charges, clauses and taxes galore that you need to be aware of. These are the labels worth paying your import duties for…Looking for an outfit that no one else at the wedding / party / other major occasion will have? Bookmark Reformation for the next time you need a wow dress. The LA-based label has amassed over half a million followers since launching in 2009, thanks to their exclusive designs made from eco-friendly fabrics and they’ve even dabbled with bridal collections in the last year.How to shop:  Pink lady 🌸🌸A post shared by  Mélodie Monrose (@melodiemonrose) on Sep 16, 2016 at 5:57am PDTYou may have noticed this US e-tail name popping up on every British Instagrammer’s style feed recently, as everyone is suddenly cottoning on to their could-be-designer blouses and cool, directional knitwear (see top image). These clothes look expensive – they’re street style catnip, but at a snip of the designer price. Our only gripe is that they never seem to have any sizes other than small in stock…How to shop:  It really is too warm for this 😂 #TheFrugality #StoretsOnMeA post shared by  Alex Stedman The Frugality (@thefrugality) on Jul 21, 2016 at 12:02pm PDTFounded by the ultimate #GirlBoss, Sophia Amoruso, Nasty Gal’s attitude-packed collections feel totally different to anything we can get our hands on from the great British high street. The idea? You wear these clothes, they don’t wear you.How to shop:  New arrivals are here in all their Glory. Link in bio.A post shared by  Nasty Gal (@nastygal) on Sep 6, 2016 at 12:42pm PDTAlexa Chung and Bella Hadid are fans of this ladylike label, founded in Los Angeles by Alexandra Spencer and Teale Talbot. They're all about trying to capture that je ne sais quoi of French styling, via seasonless collections of beautiful ruffled dresses and loose blouses. Delicious.How to shop:  🎲🎲 Dreamgirl @alexachung wearing her Christy in Miami 🎲🎲A post shared by  Réalisation Par (@realisationpar) on Oct 3, 2016 at 4:52pm PDTREAD MORE: How To Wear The Athleisure Trend IRLREAD MORE: How To Master The Art Of Transitional Dressing© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Youngest sibling Anwar Hadid recently followed in his sisters’ footsteps after making his foray into the fashion industry.The 17-year-old debuted his homegrown modelling skills for Hugo Boss in the fashion house's spring/summer ’17 campaign, which was photographed by Harley Weir.And now Anwar has officially turned modelling into a family affair, as he joined big sister and fellow model Bella in the Zadig & Voltaire spring/summer ’17 campaign.The latest shoot was in celebration of the fashion house’s 20th anniversary and the Hadid siblings were joined by fellow rising stars DJ Clara 3000 and model Vera Van Erp. The aim of the new campaign is to bring together international influencers.Here's to hoping Gigi will join them next time...READ MORE: Anwar Hadid Is The New Face Of The Hugo SS17 CampaignREAD MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ads For Spring/Summer 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just like Lily-Rose Depp and Iris Law, Frances Bean Cobain has joined the ranks of celebrity children to become the face of an international fashion house. As the daughter of Nirvana's Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love, Frances Bean has spent her life seeing designers pine for her parent’s sense of style and recreate their look for a new audience. But, now it’s this young 24-year-old who is being honoured by Marc Jacobs in her own right.‘I first met Frances Bean when she was 2 years old at a dinner with her mom (Courtney) and Anna Sui in 1994 at Bar Six in NYC.’ Marc Jacobs wrote on Instagram, ‘I have always wanted to work with Frances. Her beauty, uniqueness, and strength is something I have long admired and respected.‘Few things remain as constant as my continued inspiration from those whose honesty, integrity, courage, and curiosity lead them to explore and venture beyond preconceived boundaries.’The new spring summer 17 advert shows Frances Bean shot in black and white by David Sims staring straight into the camera. With her hair falling across her face, she’s seen wearing her a sheer pintuck dress with a Victoriana collar. She told Vogue, ‘The shoot had a very organic feel—all the makeup was my own. We used the lipstick from right out of my purse, and no one did anything to my hair. They just put me in the clothes.’ #tbt to when @victoriabeckham was not the face of our Spring 2008 campaign.A post shared by  Marc Jacobs (@marcjacobs) on Aug 6, 2015 at 8:18am PDTMarc Jacobs is a natural fit for Frances Bean’s first fashion campaign. Back in the ‘90s the designer, while working at Perry Ellis brought the grunge aesthetic, which Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love popularised, to the mainstream.A designer’s muse is usually a totem of their brand’s ethos. And, Marc Jacobs has always been considered in his choices. His instinct for zeitgeist casting started early on in his career. For instance, in 1992, he put Chloë Sevigny on the catwalk at his revolutionary Perry Ellis show. Over the years he’s switched between patronising the careers of young celebrity scions, like Kendall Jenner and Kaia Gerber, to honouring indie Hollywood icons, like Sofia Coppola and Winona Ryder, to repositioning household faces like Victoria Beckham and Cher. Willow Smith • Marc Jacobs Fall '15 campaign photographed by David SimsA post shared by  Marc Jacobs (@marcjacobs) on Jul 10, 2015 at 3:18pm PDTLike this? Then you might also be interested in:Vogue’s Most Un-Vogue MomentsCan You Call Yourself A Feminist If You Buy Fast-Fashion?Is Iris Law Too Young To Be The New Face Of Burberry Beauty?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We’re only a month into 2017 but the trends set to define the new year are already making our ‘saved items’ wish lists.Pay day may have been a long time coming but as soon as the highly anticipated day arrives, we’ll be hitting up the high street in search of this season’s most sought after items. And what's on our fashion agenda you may ask?The highly coveted hue of the year is already high up on our list alongside a faux fur coat  and January's essential novelty pick-me-up.But make sure to leave room for a new contender in the sartorial stakes, as we’ve got word of a cult item set to make the big time. The open-back jumper.It seems like forever ago when the famous backless body from H&M heralded the attention of super bloggers across the globe. Our Instagram feed was a continuous stream of the must-have item, as it was debuted on the streets during fashion month and coveted by influencers far and wide.But now the trend has officially made a comeback as visionary giant, Pinterest, has reported a 300 percent increase in saves of the flesh-baring jumper this year.If that isn't enough to confirm the jumper's sartorial rise to fame then we don't know what is.Shop the cult fashion item below (before we get there first):Credit: ZaraCropped Black Open-Back Jumper With Ribbon, £17.99, ZaraBackless Jumpers - Grazia2of5Cropped Black Open-Back Jumper With Ribbon, £17.99, ZaraBallerina Pink Ribbon-Tie Open Back Jumper, £17.99, ZaraBlack Open-Back Jumper, £135, Net-A-PorterBlock Colour Cashmere Jumper With Open-Back, £420, Net-A-PorterOpen-Back Cashmere-Blend Jumper, £132, Net-A-PorterREAD MORE: This Is The 'It' Colour Everyone Will Be Wearing In 2017READ MORE: 9 Faux Fur Coats To Combat This Arctic Weather© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The Meghan Markle and Prince Harry buzz shows zero signs of slowing down anytime soon. Since news broke mere months ago the 35-year-old actress was dating the royal, the Suits star has become one of the most popular searches on Google. As such, her sartorial rise to fame has been well documented.Avid readers of her lifestyle website The Tig and those who follow her Instagram will know that Markle has a keen interest in fashion and spotting new brands. Her elegant capsule wardrobe packed full of chic shift dresses, pencil skirts and skinny leather trousers? Sitting FROW at NYFW? And that’s all before we get to her red-carpet hits over the years. Essentially, she is probably most designer’s dream RN to front their campaign.But, a Canadian high-street store called Reitmans has got there first: revealing the ‘Meghan Markle Collection' – a "style infused five-piece collection that was designed in part by Meghan herself."Their marketing team must be having a field day, as Meghan was signed up to the brand 18 months ago (before any royal romance). ‘Our site traffic is increasing at the time,’ Monique Brosseau, vice-president of marketing told the Evening Standard. ‘It’s hard to specify which portion of that increase comes from the fact that we’ve associated ourselves to her.’The collection, which has almost sold out, features faux leather leggings, a charcoal grey oversized shirt and a sleek black bodysuit.The best part? It’s totally affordable. $19.50 [£15.00] to dress like a princess in the making? Yes, please.READ MORE: Everything You Need To Know About Meghan Markle READ MORE: Meghan Markle Has This In Common With Princess Diana© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...After 25 years at the helm of British Vogue the mag’s MVP, Alexandra Shulman is stepping down as editor-in-chief. Over her tenure, the publication has woken up to the digital age, put Kate Moss on the cover a whopping 36 times and given the BBC an all-access pass. Shulman has been the longest-standing editor of British Vogue, serving for a quarter of its existence, but has said she would now like, ‘to experience a different life.’She first joined in 1988 as features editor before leaving to edit GQ in 1990. Two years later, she returned as EoC and started her quarter of a century reign where she consistently pushed the glossy’s boundaries. From challenging fashion’s obsession with tween-looking models to publishing an article on poo (yes you read that right), here are her most un-Vogue moments…Vogue likes to be a trendsetter, but in the digital age sometimes it struggles to keep up with what’s gone viral. For instance, the time it tried to persuade women to: ‘Buzzfeed Your Look’.  Buzzfeed is a website that writes listicles and circulates memes; it is not a new beauty tool or trend.While talking to a generation that avidly follows the every move of Kim Kardashian and Emily Ratajkowski, Vogue decided last year that bodacious bosoms weren’t on trend.In an article called ‘The Last Taboo’ writer, Christa D’Souza went where Vogue had never been before. As delicately as she could, D’Souza talked about bodily emissions and colonic irrigation.In 1996, Omega Watches sparked a media-wide debate on eating disorders, and the power advertisers have to sway a publisher’s prerogative when they threatened to pull their ads from Vogue. Omega weren't best pleased that the glossy featured waif-thin models Tish Goff and Annie Morton in their June issue. After Shulman talked the Swiss-brand down from the edge, they stayed on as advertisers. Just ten years later the now-former EoC put curve model Ashley Graham on Vogue's Jan 17 cover.Condé Nast isn’t a happy, supportive family after all. Following the success of the September Issue, Shulman opened the doors of Vogue House to the BBC for their tell-all doc Absolutely Fashion: Inside British Vogue. Beady eyes will remember Shulman one-upping US editor Anna Wintour by switching up her editorial strategy so she could put Rihanna on her mag’s cover before Wintour.Vogue is no longer just a magazine. It's a Café in Westfield, an annual fashion festival and the proud owner of a feeder school called Condé Nast College of Fashion & Design.Vogue failed to reflect the industry’s efforts to be more inclusive when it took 12 years to put a solo woman of colour on its cover. Jourdan Dunn broke the mag’s all-white streak when she was featured on the front of the February 2015 issue.Under Alex’s tenure, British Vogue has refused to publish stories about fad diets or cosmetic improvements.This fashion publication has made a habit of ironically featuring undressed women on its covers as well as bizarre celebrity twosomes – e.g. Gisele Bundchen and Robbie Williams, Elton John and Liz Hurley and Naomi Campbell and P.Diddy.Has Kate Moss slaved away in the fashion cupboard? Or, penned a viral story? No. But that didn’t stop Vogue naming her as a contributing editor.Yes, the struggle is real. On the same day, Shulman told the Daily Mail that British Vogue – the fashion ‘bible’ and industry magazine of record - is in no way racist it was revealed they misidentified models in the Derek Lam show. In a trend piece about ‘the rise of the Asian model’ Liu Wen was credited as Du Juan. Awkward.For their November 2015 issue, Shulman made the mag a ‘model-free zone’. However, she came under fire for not featuring a diverse enough cast of ‘real women’ and for putting a celeb (Emily Blunt) on the cover.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 New Things To Buy At Kendall’s Stylist’s Favourite StoreIs This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The 2017 awards season is now in full force. The Oscar nominations are in. Celebrities may, or may not - but most likely are - planning their speeches...While us mere mortals will be racing to see all the acclaimed films in the cinema which have had nods from The Academy (third time re-watching La La Land, anyone?).But while the Oscars may seem like the crème de la crème on the film industry’s calendar, we have to admit there’s nothing we like better than watching the BAFTAs red-carpet circus and ceremony as it happens live.At this year’s BAFTAs the hottest talent around the world will be making their way to the Royal Albert Hall in London. And just as much as we’ll be keeping tabs on the newbies to watch on-screen this year (the EE Rising Star award celebrates the industry’s most promising ones-to-watch), our eyes will be firmly fixed on the style hits of the night.As the countdown begins, Grazia has perused through the BAFTA archive to unearth some pretty great fashion throwbacks. The colour-block club? Sienna Miller’s backless silver green ‘mermaid dress’ in 2007? Julia Roberts’ retro ‘90s look? Oh, and let’s not forget Michelle Williams wearing a well-known highstreet label in 2013 (Clue: it begins with ‘H’)Here’s our pick of the most iconic BAFTA looks of all time to get on your fashion radar before the big day on Febuary 12th. Get ready for gowns a go-go. It's BAFTA time...Sienna Miller looked as pretty as a petal in Alexander McQueen attending the 2005 awards ceremony Bafta Dresses - Grazia 2of23Sienna Miller looked as pretty as a petal in Alexander McQueen attending the 2005 awards ceremony Rachel Weisz is winning with this lace over-lay over a simple black gown in 2003We will never not love this pink Oscar de la Renta gown that Freida Pinto wore in 2009Thandie Newton channels 1950s style in this voluminous black and gold tulle dress Julianne Moore is the epitome of elegance in blue velvet, designed by her director Tom Ford in 2011Léa Seydoux proves that yellow is the warmest colour in 2015Amy Adams looks sheer perfection at the 2013 awards, opting for a black lace Elie Saab gownJessica Chastain stuns in an electric blue one shoulder dress by Roland Mouret at the 2013 BAFTAs Sienna Miller opts for old Hollywood glamour in 2007, in a powder blue embellished gown by Emanuel UngaroWhile Cate Blanchett is often spotted in more classic, minimal looks, the actress opted for an uber-embellished and elaborate Alexander McQueen gown to the 2016 BAFTAsJennifer Lawrence opted for ballerina pink in 2013Nicole Kidman channelled Grace Kelly way before she played her, at the 2003 awards in a pink Ungaro silk gownThe Fifty Shades actress opted for a striking scarlet gown in 2016Kate Winslet works a timeless LBD on the red carpet in 2016Emma Watson shows off her newly cropped hair back in 2011, wearing a romantic Valentino dress of dreamsMarion Cotillard makes a case for wearing bright yellow, in this Dior gown she wore in 2013Simple, understated and Oh So ‘90s. Top-to-toe burgundy shouldn’t work, but Julia Roberts manages to pull this look off perfectlyCate Blanchett wore a shimmering Armani frock in 2005Lupita Nyong'o leads the glamour at the 2014 BAFTAs in a strapless emerald Dior Couture gownKeira Knightly nails maternity style here in a Giambattista Valli tulle dressLaura Haddock wore a dramatic tulle gown at the 2016 awardsRogue One  actress Felicity Jones stole the show in 2015, when she wore this pearl-embellished dress from Christian Dior CoutureInstead of borrowing from high-end designers, Michelle Williams wore a top and skirt from H&M in 2013, from their Conscious Collection. Yes, Michelle. READ MORE: Meet This Year's BAFTA Rising Star Award Nominees READ MORE: Has Kate Middleton Been 'Banned' From This Years BAFTAs? READ MORE: Michelle Williams Opens Up About Life After Heath Ledger © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This Topshop Boutique dress makes me think of mimosas. And, that’s a good thing. It’s a tall drink of sunshine and an electrifying burst of warm positivity. But, on the hanger it looks like a hell of a lot of hard work to pull off. Between the drapes of fabric and the flossy ties, this frock screams: ‘high maintenance’. But is it? I put it to the test.In two words: surprisingly well. The soft flutter of the satin ruffles hide a multitude of sins and the asymmetric cut makes my legs look taller. Win, if you ask us. However, bras are a total no-go with this piece and knickers need to be slim-line unless you’re chill with a VPL.I wasn’t sure if this would wash me out or give off a warm glow. While there is no doubt that this would suit someone with more melanin than me, a pale person can definitely get away with this acidy colour. I’d suggest keeping your make-up minimal because it’s so bright and captivating no lipstick can compete.Up close the fabric justifies the credit crunching price tag. While just looking at it causes wrinkles, it fluidly drapes over my bumpy bits in a way no stiffer textile would be able to. The delicate roulean tie waist and bows at the back are feminine without being saccharine.Topshop Boutique, Satin Peplum Tea Dress, £130Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 New Things To Buy At Kendall’s Stylist’s Favourite StoreIs This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ever since we laid eyes upon London-based shoe designer Camilla Elphick's sugary-sweet PEZ dispenser heels, we knew we were on to something big. Having previously worked alongside fellow off-beat shoe purveyors Charlotte Olympia and Sophia Webster, the London College of Fashion graduate's covetable, candy-coloured designs are instantly recognisable - and they're probably a firm fixture on your Instagram feed, having previously graced the feet of Alexa Chung and Man Repeller's Leandra Medine.Now, Camilla's label has been selected for Walpole's Brands of Tomorrow, marking her as one of 12 emerging luxury brands which will receive mentorship and support from industry leaders. To celebrate her win, we caught up with the designer to learn more about her latest collection, her plans for the brand's future and why she'd love to see La La Land's Emma Stone dancing in a pair of Camilla Elphicks...We are absolutely thrilled to have won Walpole's 2017 Brands of Tomorrow Award! It will be a wonderful opportunity for us to take full advantage of the mentoring provided by the world renowned Selfridges and their team. We also feel that the business support supplied by Walpole, Mishcon de Reya and Sloane Point Partners will be invaluable and we are really excited to grow the brand this year.Our brand's fun and playful appeal is connected to attitude, not to age - our number one goal is to create shoes that give the wearer a reason to smile. Our customer loves luxury and fashion, understands quality and appreciates the refinement and warm wit of the brand. Each season we design the collection with a theme and we keep three different looks in mind to appeal to our customer; effortlessly cool and cutting edge, quirky and playful, elegant and classic.I am always delighted when I see people wear our shoes. I would love to see Emma Stone wear a pair of our shoes. I recently went to see La La Land at the cinema and then watched an interview with her - she seems like the sort of girl you want to know! Her fun attitude resonates with me and I hope she will be just as much a fan of the brand as our shoes are definitely all singing and all dancing!I think the best way to style statement shoes is to wear them with something understated. Perhaps it’s a pair of cut-off cropped denim jeans, a knit (I'm a huge fan of Bella Freud’s) and a big pair of earrings with laid-back hair - the shoes instantly become the focal point to your outfit.The story of the 'Pez' began when I was creating my graduate shoe collection at Cordwainers at the London College of Fashion. The collection was called 'So Good, It's Bad' and was based on candy and all things sweet. One shoe in particular featured a Pez dispenser on the heel, anf with help from Charlotte Olympia (for whom I was interning with at the time) I made it a reality and produced a sample. They gained wide-spread press coverage at my graduate show and have now become one of our best-sellers. I know that Charlotte Olympia has also won Walpole awards, which makes me feel grateful to be in such good company.Instagram is a lot of fun indeed and I think it brings our shoes to life! It is great to see how people have styled our shoes and it is a way of connecting to a global audience of like-minded customers. There isn't a secret to the perfect 'shoe-fie' but I have noticed that a simple close up of our shoes on the foot works best. My dog Lulu has been a bit of secret weapon though on Instagram - she has in fact received our most 'likes' whilst looking up at the camera when I was trying to snap a picture of my shoes in front of a beautiful flower stand near my flat!My personal style is quite feminine and refined, but always with a fun twist. I adore mixing blush pinks, black and metallics. For meetings I like to smarten things up with a pair of our more sophisticated Lover shoes which we now offer in a range of shapes, colours and heel heights - there is a style or every occasion.For S/S'17 we have conjured up a 'digital dreamland' collection filled with pop motifs and hyper colour. I was inspired by Vaporware, an internet-born music and art movement of the early 2010s defined by retro aesthetics. You can expect a collection of fun and futuristic statement sandals and more metallic boots! Also this season, we will debut a line of 'good news shoes' as part of a collaboration with the iconic Smiley brand with eye-catching styles featuring the cult motif in time for the company's 45 year anniversary.A lot can happen in five years, and we are confident that with the help and support of Walpole and our mentors that we can propel the brand to become one of the leading luxury footwear and accessory labels in the UK.READ MORE: Dopamine Dressing: Fashion To Make You Smile This JanuaryREAD MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ad Campaigns© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...This weekend, women around the world marched for equal rights. They rallied, they screamed, and they attempted to make a difference. After treading the route from Mayfair to Trafalgar Square, two of my friends peeled away from the group and headed to Zara. to buy a couple of new jumpers and a pair of trousers on a whim. Not a problem, right? Wrong. Our fast-fashion habit could be compromising our intersectional feminist principals by unfairly forgetting the (men and) women that are victimised by the industry.A new Channel 4 documentary has uncovered the ugly underbelly of homegrown fast-fashion. Monday’s Dispatches reveals that several UK high street bands work with British-based factories that pay workers between £3 and £3.50 an hour. Unlawful, yes. But, it’s not just a local problem, it is one that is mirrored by the textile industry internationally. It’s the true cost of meeting our disposable fashion habit.‘For many people on low wages in the UK, for instance, it's not possible to "buy less of better quality", or to seek out ethically-minded brands. Primark might be the only option for many,’ explains fashion journalist and editor at Bon Magazine Ana Kinsella.‘In terms of the production, I think the onus is on companies to do better on every level, from paying garment workers through to retail and marketing (beyond greenwashing), and on governments around the world to instate labour laws that stop companies exploiting people.' She added.Clothing is big business that has been estimated to be worth £9.66 billion internationally. Over the last five years, the top fast fashion retailers have been reported to have grown rapidly, by 9.7%, which far outpaces that of traditional apparel lines. According to a survey conducted last year by Barnardo’s, the majority of women’s garments are worn only seven times before being discarded. Our insatiable appetite for new clothes not only damages the environment but also the labour force creating it.In the new Channel 4 film, an undercover reporter gets a job at a factory that labels clothes for the high street, a workshop making clothing and in a textile firm. The reporter was paid between £3 and £3.50 per hour.As it stands, the current legal minimum wage is £7.20 an hour for over 25s, so this new show brings to the fore the cost of disposable fashion. It shows this isn’t just a burden borne by unseen workers overseas but, here, in England, where employees supposedly have rights and laws to protect them. They are being forced to pay the price of cheap clothing.Kinsella adds, ‘That doesn't mean there's nothing a feminist can do. Increasingly I think truly ethical shopping is impossible under capitalism, but nonetheless, I try to shop mindfully, even if only to make myself feel better. Sometimes that means looking for brands like Birdsong that don't exploit their workers. Sometimes it means asking myself if I really need another black turtleneck anyway, and if the money might not be better given to a charity like Sisters Uncut or the Abortion Support Network.’All the companies stung by this new Dispatches doc have taken the Sports Direct line of blaming suppliers and subcontractors and have promised internal investigations.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Balenciaga Made PFW Great Again With A Bernie Sanders-Themed CollectionDigesting Dolce & Gabbana’s Clickbait Fashion ShowIs Iris Law Too Young To Be The New Face Of Burberry Beauty?Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...‘I know I'm flattering myself to say that Audrey Hepburn and I look alike, but, if it were possible, I would choose her over anyone else to play me in a movie,’ said Kendall Jenner recently on her app. ‘She was so chic and talented.’The Roman Holiday actress is one of the most iconic leading ladies of Hollywood’s Golden Era. Kendall is the leader of the next gen supermodels and social stars. Her 72 million Instagram followers constantly keep tabs on what she’s wearing, how she’s wearing it and where to buy it.Of course, Hepburn could never actually play the 21-year-old star in a biopic of her – she passed away in 1993 – but digging deeper we couldn’t help but notice how Audrey-fied the supermodel’s closet is… An ode to Breakfast at Tiffany’s at a Dior after party? Chic LBDs and signature cat-eye sunglasses? Cigarette pants and statement shoes? It’s all there…Little Black Dress? Check. Micro-bangs? Check. Only thing missing from this ensemble: croissant.The sweetest shade.When in doubt, think Audrey.Très Chic!Kendall’s clearly taken style notes from the iconic 1950s musical Funny Face. The definition of a ‘show-stopper’ in one image. L.O.V.E.Peak sophistication.READ MORE: Kendall Jenner Returns To Social Media - With A Brand New Look READ MORE: 5 Reasons We All Want To Dress Like Selena Gomez RN © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Specsavers.The original “Kylie”, Ms Minogue is undoubtedly one of our favourite Aussies and has been providing style inspo for decades. From Red Carpet glamour to disco diva. The ultimate #POPKWEEN, Kylie has never been one to shy away from embracing a new trend and boldly wear a statement piece.!There have been too many styles to count, as the stage goddess has literally never remained loyal to one look, a true chameleon of fashion we admire her confidence to transform her look.On top of that, the style icon has now teamed up with Specsavers to design a new, exclusive collection of eyewear.So forget Kylie Jenner, we’re taking a moment to focus on the original Kylie, and her iconic style throughout the ages…Metallics are still a key trend and this lame top is perfectly paired with minimal makeup and a statement red lippy. A classic party look that will see you through 2017.Kylie certainly knows how to fly in style in this relaxed masculine look, which is still so relevant and on-trend for 2017. Block heels check, boyfriend blazer check, mom jeans, check!The pop princess’ combo here is seriously on fleek. Ahead of the trend, she wore this slogan tee before it came back in style for SS17. We love her grown up finish, a chic tailored coat paired with knee high boots. Simple but stylish.P.S. Kylie has tapped into her ever flawless and effortless jeans and blazer combo again in her Specsavers collection...Sure, Kylie can dress down, but a pop star needs to glam it up and know how to rock the red carpet. The singer oozed confidence and sophistication in this statement Dolce and Gabbana Coat while she was in Paris on promotional duty with her ex Joshua Sasse. Way to multitask!If you hadn’t heard, Athleisure is a big hit for 2017. Take a leaf out of Kylie’s book and team joggers with a simple crew neck and a fresh faced makeup look. Weekend dressing sorted.So perhaps not a look we can emulate, but we love this gem-stoned combo and we adore how Kylie will never say no to showing off midriff and leg at the same time- #confidence.Never one to shy away from colour, Kylie shows us that happy girls are the prettiest girls in a bright Stella McCartney maxi dress at the V&A Summer Party last year.To celebrate Kylie’s flawless style, Specsavers have collaborated with the fashion icon to create a new eyewear collection to be launched on Valentine’s Day! Check out the best of the collection in the gallery below...Kylie- Eyewear Collection4th Kylie Gallery2of12Kylie- Eyewear CollectionKylie 9Kylie- Eyewear CollectionKylie 4Kylie- Eyewear CollectionKylie 6 Kylie- Eyewear CollectionKylie- Eyewear CollectionKylie 5Kylie- Eyewear CollectionKylie- Eyewear CollectionKylie 5You can find out more about the new Kylie Minogue collection at Specsavers here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Haute Couture Week is the ultimate fashion fairy tale.Twice a year the fashion pack flock to Paris to fawn over the dreamiest dresses, anticipated debuts (see Dior’s standout show this season from Maria Grazia Chiuri) and to celebrate incomparable craftsmanship.One of the biggest moments of the week-long spectacle? The Chanel bride, of course.And following in the footsteps of Edie Campbell, Kendall Jenner and Claudia Schiffer, this season it’s Lily Rose Depp in the spotlight - wearing the most opulent wedding dress we’ve ever cast our eyes on.Forget understated, fuss-free bride-to-be. The 17-year-old model of the moment wore layers and layers of pink tulle. And, can we please talk about those puffball sleeves? Yes, not even the couture catwalk is immune to the '80s charms.While Karl Lagerfeld opted to hold his AW16 couture collection in an atelier, this season was all about maximalism and volume, which saw models including Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner walking down a mirror floor in the French capital.According to WWD, Karl Lagerfeld was in fact inspired by a sculpture from the Twenties by Swiss artist Alberto Giacometti titled “Spoon Woman.” Hmm.Your style memo this season? Go big, or go home.See 11 of the most memorable Chanel brides of all time in our gallery below...Cara Delevingne is a wedding belle in this sheer creation she wore in 2014. Chanel Bridal Dresses - Grazia 2of11Cara Delevingne is a wedding belle in this sheer creation she wore in 2014. A new way to wear a veil at the Chanel couture show for SS15 Freja Beha Erichsen wears a Little Red Riding Hood style bridal look at the SS17 showAfrican supermodel Alek Wek closed the Chanel couture show for SS14.  Pregnant model, Ashleigh Good, stole the show in May 2015. MAJOR maternity wedding dress goals. A very modern bride. Kendall Jenner rocked an all-white tux for AW15. The veil? Blink and you’ll miss it. Karl Lagerfeld’s SS13 show was a big talking point, casting two women in bridal wear to support same-sex marriage. The SS09 bride wore a trouser co-ord…and a headdress sculpted entirely out of paper. Yes, seriously. Claudia Schiffer in 1994. That’s all.US model Lindsey Wixson was the chosen bride in AW14, making a serious case for floor-length capes. Edie Campbell plays the blushing bride - in the pink suit of dreams for AW16. WATCH: The Most Stylish Celebrity WeddingsREAD MORE: Paris Haute Couture Week AW16: Grazia's Access All AreasREAD MORE: Lily-Rose Depp: Everything You Need To Know © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The 89th Academy Awards will take place in Hollywood on Sunday 26th February, with Emma Stone, Meryl Streep, Ruth Negga, Isabelle Huppert and Natalie Portman nominated for the Best Actress award. We're excited to see what the stars will be wearing on the red carpet, but in the meantime let's look back at what past Best Actress winners wore.Have you ever wondered if there is a formula to a winning Oscar dress? Which designer has bagged the most wins? Which colour screams success? Our friends over at Big Group made this ah-mazing infographic, showing the dresses worn by every single Best Winner, from 1929 up to 2014.Last year's winner Brie Larson - nominated for her performance in Room - wore a royal blue Gucci gown, and 2015's winner, Still Alice actress Julianne Moore, dazzled in a beaded Chanel Couture dress.In 2013, Jennifer Lawrence picked up the Best Actress Award in her gorgeous, rather bridal, Dior Couture frock. She might not have be able to actually pronounce Haute Couture or walk up the stairs in the gown, but she looked amazing. And she's not the first Best Actress to have worn Christian Dior, as back in 2006 Reese Witherspoon accepted the award for Walk the Line in Vintage Christian Dior.Valentino is of course a popular winner's choice, and he has dressed a spectacular number of Best Actresses including Cate Blanchett, Sophia Loren, Jessica Lange, Julia Roberts and Elizabeth Taylor.Valentino said that dressing Julia Roberts - who won the Best Actress oscar for her performance in Erin Brockovich - was the highlight of his career. 'I have dressed so many people but I have to be sincere. The person that made me feel so very, very happy was Julia Roberts. When she got the Academy Award for Erin Brockovich I watched it on television and really I was so excited that she appeared in my dress,' the designer gushed.As for the accessories it seems a Chopard is a lucky charm, as in 2004 Charlize Theron wore Chopard to accept her Best Actress Oscar for Monster, and then for ten consecutive years chopard was worn by an Oscar winner. A hint for this years' nominees, maybe?What was your favourite dress? Flick through the gallery below to see what the winners of Best Actress and Best Actress in a Supporting Roles have worn to the OscarsCredit: GettyAnne Hathaway* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Les Miserables* in 2013. She wore a pink Prada gown.Winning Oscar Dresses Through The Years - Grazia2of30Anne Hathaway* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Les Miserables* in 2013. She wore a pink Prada gown.Octavia Spencer* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Help* in 2012. She wore a dress by Tadashi Shoji.Meryl Streep* won Best Actress for The Iron Lady* in 2012. She wore a Lanvin gown.Jennifer Lawrence* won Best Actress for Silver Linings Playbook* in 2013. She wore a gown by Christian Dior.Cate Blanchett* won Best Actress for Blue Jasmine* in 2014. She wore an embellished dress by Armani Privé.Lupita Nyong'o* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for 12 Years a Slave* in 2014. She wore a Prada gown.Natalie Portman* won Best Actress for Black Swan* in 2011. She wore a Rodarte gown.Melissa Leo* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Fighter* in 2011. She wore a dress by Marc Bouwer.Sandra Bullock* won Best Actress for The Blind Side* in 2010. She wore a dress by Marchesa.Mo'Nique* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Precious* in 2010. She wore a Tadashi Shoji gown.Kate Winslet* won Best Actress for The Reader* in 2009. She wore a Yves Saint Laurent gown.Penélope Cruz* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Vicky Cristina Barcelona* in 2009. She wore Balmain.Marion Cotillard* won Best Actress for La Vie en rose* in 2008. She wore a Jean Paul Gaultier gown.Tilda Swinton* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Michael Clayton* in 2008. She wore Lanvin.Helen Mirren* won Best Actress for The Queen* in 2007. She wore a gown by Christian Lacroix.Jennifer Hudson* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Dreamgirls* in 2007. She wore a dress and bolero by Oscar de la Renta.Reese Witherspoon* won Best Actress for Walk the Line* in 2006. She wore a Christian Dior gown.Rachel Weisz* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Constant Gardener* in 2006. She wore a Narciso Rodriguez gown.Hilary Swank* won Best Actress for Million Dollar Baby* in 2005. She wore a dress by Guy Laroche.Cate Blanchett* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Aviator* in 2005. She wore a gown by Valentino.Charlize Theron* won Best Actress for Monster* in 2004. She wore a Gucci dress.Renée Zellweger* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Cold Mountain* in 2004. She wore a Carolina Herrera dress.Nicole Kidman* won Best Actress for The Hours* in 2003. She wore a Jean Paul Gaultier gown.Catherine Zeta-Jones* won Best Actress for a Supporting Role for Chicago* in 2003. She wore a Versace dress.Halle Berry* won Best Actress for Monster's Ball* in 2002. She wore Elie Saab.Jennifer Connelly* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for A Beautiful Mind* in 2002. Her dress was by Balenciaga.Julia Roberts* won Best Actress for Erin Brockovich* in 2001. She wore Valentino.Marcia Gay Harden* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Pollock* in 2001. She wore Randolph Duke.Hilary Swank* won Best Actress for Boy's Don't Cry* in 2000. She wore a Randolph Duke gown.Angelina Jolie* won Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Girl, Interrupted* in 2000. She wore a dress by Marc Bouwer.READ MORE: **The Oscar Nominations Are In: Will La La Land Dance To Victory?**The Oscar Nominations Are In: Will La La Land Dance To Victory?© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Fashion month is yet to kick off in the four major cities, but in soon-to-be European style capitals like Copenhagen, Stockholm and Berlin, they get things started earlier (timing their proceedings neatly with the sub zero January temperatures...)We headed to the German capital to catch the Marc Cain catwalk show, attended by the likes of actress-turned-fashion icon Kate Bosworth (soon to be seen in the upcoming BBC series SS-GB) and featuring the likes of Antonia Wesseloh and Kris Gottschalk (both rising German models who are turning heads on the international circuit; we're dubbing the latter Stuttgart's answer to fellow buzzcut beauty Ruth Bell). These are the autumn-winter looks that caught our eye...What better way to banish winter blues in an instant than with a bold colour injection of not one but two eye-catching shades? On paper, the combination of bright orange (one of the colours of the season) and a warm pinky-red shouldn't work.  In real life, it unquestionably does. Think of this as a work-appropriate take on Taylor Swift's Grammy outfit...If there's one motto we'll happily subscribe to, it's 'you can never have too much leopard print,' so the thought of double leopard (or is that triple? Note the subtly different spots on the handbag) makes us very happy indeed. While a printed velvet suit is certainly a bold choice, the simple, clean lines, pop of colour and classic tan accessories pull this look together.Call us nostalgic, but we've never got over the unabashed prettiness of a full tulle skirt. At the Marc Cain show (which was themed 'Ballet Magnifique' and opened with dancers pirouetting down the catwalk), we noted a new way to wear a tutu-inspired style without tiptoeing into dance class territory: layering with an oversized, cosy oatmeal knit. En pointe.We know what you're thinking - the last time you attempted a waist belt, it was made from that terrifying stretch material, a good two inches too wide, and came with Gok Wan's seal of approval. Fear not: this take is an altogether more classic affair, nodding to a 1940s silhouette, with a narrow belt cinched over tailoring or, in this case, a flying jacket.For a feminine spin on athleisure staples like the bomber jacket and lounge-worthy trousers, simply swap sporty fabrics for gauzy layers and add intricate, dimensional star print. Don't mind us, we're just humming Ryan Gosling's refrain from La La Land...Check out Berlin street style looks from influencers Camila Carril and Tatjana Catic in the gallery belowCamila Carril at Berlin Fashion WeekBerlin street style2of6Camila Carril at Berlin Fashion WeekCamila Carril at Berlin Fashion WeekCamila Carril at Berlin Fashion WeekTatjana Catic at Berlin Fashion WeekTatjana Catic at Berlin Fashion WeekTatjana Catic at Berlin Fashion WeekREAD MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ads For Spring / Summer 17READ MORE: How To Look Chic At The Gym: The Best Gym Wear© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Jon Snow was right: Winter is coming. The mercury has dropped below zero, getting out of bed is proving harder than ever and there’s nothing we want more than to snuggle up with a pumpkin-spiced latte. We’ve unpacked our thermals, we’re layering like pros and our ‘big winter coat’ is on. But there’s only so much these things can do. Enter the faux fur coat.Championed by the A-list and bloggers alike, the winter staple has made a major comeback this season, with a host of fun new styles on the high street. Gone are the days when our faux fur was simply black, brown or whisper it leopard print. In 2017, you can get it in bright pink, colour blocked or tonal. Quite literally anything goes.Afraid of committing to the glam look? Worried about looking a little Cruella De Vil? Try a neutral, classic tone - black or brown - for starters, and team with coordinating skinny jeans and ankle boots, like Anneli Bush, or a cropped flare à Lucy Williams (both seen in the picture above). If you're feeling a little braver, opt for one of A/W 17's more daring styles, such as the patchwork Topshop coat worn by blogger Brittany Xavier (also at the top) making sure to keep the rest of your look as simple as possible.Shop our favourite faux fur coats below. The great news? Most of them are on sale. You’re welcome.Faux fur coat, £25, New LookBest Faux Fur Coats - Grazia2of9Faux fur coat, £25, New LookFaux fur coat, £79.99, Mango Ferris leopard faux fur bomber jacket, £280, Ganni at Net-A-PorterFuzzy suede jacket, £123, & Other Stories Faux fur jacket, £29.99, MangoBobby faux fur coat, £595, ShrimpsLeopard faux fur coat, £89, TopshopCocoon jacket, £210, WhistlesFaux fur coat, £175, Louis Gabriel Nouchi x La Redoute at La Redoute READ MORE: The Boots That Will Bust Your January BluesREAD MORE: The Cross Body Bags You Need Right Now© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Last year, I made the fateful error of online shopping whilst drunk. I had stumbled in from a night out and decided that I wanted some knee-high Pretty Woman-esque boots that would really turn heads. In some ways I was successful: heads did turn. But they turned because I had mistakenly purchased some knee-high wedges, that made me look like an overgrown Bratz doll.What I found most bizarre was my friends’ reaction. They stared at the boots and then, deadpan, said ‘Oh my god, I love them!’ My mind boggled, since these shoes were objectively ugly AF.But my friends aren’t the only ones who tell little white lies when complimenting an outfit. In fact, 53% of people lie about liking someone’s outfit, according to a new study by 888Poker.Sure, that’s a terrifying prospect. But don't stress: most people don’t give fake compliments to be nasty. If a co-worker says she likes what you’re wearing, then it’s unlikely she’s going to pull a Regina George and whisper to your boss ‘That’s the ugliest effing skirt I’ve ever seen.’Instead, compliments are usually given when you’re wearing something that (like my boots) is a bit ‘out there.’ People will just compliment you because they feel awkward for staring for so long.So maybe your friend was lying when she said she had ‘style envy’ of your new red latex shorts. But what is the alternative? Would it be better for her to criticise your outfit, and for you to feel like Anne Hathaway in Devil Wears Prada (in the beginning, before she rises like a sexy phoenix fro the ashes of that hideous blue jumper) ? No. So just accept the compliments, even if they’re blatant lies, and wear that wacky outfit with pride.Liked this? You might also be interested in:How To Deal With Your Fashion FrenemiesHow To Cope If You Have To Wear Office Clothes EverydayWhy Are Women Unwilling To Admit They're Good-Looking?Follow Katie on Twitter @KatieRussell_16This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The rumours turned out to be true.For the presidential inauguration of Donald Trump, wife and new First Lady Melania Trump, turned up to the prestigious event in a powder blue cowl neck dress by no other than Ralph Lauren.While many were quick to admire the outfit, which drew comparisons with Jackie Kennedy, some Twitter users started using the hashtag #BoycottRalphLauren, apparently accusing the designer of supporting the oppression of women.Melania’s spokesperson told WWD: "With the historic swearing-in of her husband, Donald J. Trump, as the forty-fifth President of the United States, the First Lady–elect will become America’s new First Lady wearing an American designer who transformed American fashion, Ralph Lauren".A few designers refused to dress Melania for the inauguration in retaliation to her husband’s political motives.Sophie Theallet for example, penned an open letter to fellow designers which stated: “The Sophie Theallet brand stands against all discrimination and prejudice. Our runway shows, ad campaigns, and celebrity dressing have always been a celebration of diversity and a reflection of the world we live in.”She continued: “As one who celebrates and strives for diversity, individual freedom, and respect for all lifestyles, I will not participate in dressing or associate myself in any way with the next First Lady. The rhetoric of racism, sexism, and xenophobia unleashed by her husband’s presidential campaign are incompatible with the shared values we live by. I encourage my fellow designers to do the same.”Tom Ford also refused to dress the new First Lady after stating in an interview, ‘she's not necessarily my image’. To which Trump hit back by telling Fox, "I'm not a fan of Tom Ford, never have been” before assuring the news channel that Melania ‘doesn’t like’ Ford or his designs either.Ralph Lauren has previously dressed First Ladies including Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton.Watch Melania Trump's style transformation from model to First Lady below.READ MORE: The Women Leading The Trump ProtestsREAD MORE: Trump Trivia: Everything You Need To Know About America's New First Family© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Ooooooh accessories, those glitzy little bubbles that take your outfit from zero to hero. Understandably, the most covetable come with a blinding price tag, but if you're after a quick seasonal fix, it should be possible to do it without breaking the bank. She says. Consider the challenge accepted.I searched the high street (virtually and physically) and found it's easy to binge this season on the bling. Whether you like simple, architectural pieces that call to mind Céline or more statement skinny seventies scarves, the shops have got your back. Sure we had to hunt around - a lot - but it was worth it, see what we found for yourself...Maria Black, Silver Phoenix Earring, £65, Liberty LondonNo longer an awkward eighties throwback, the single earring makes a chic statement.  Maria Black's diminutive design balances an ensō-shaped hoop from two small orbs. It's an artful everyday piece that will sit well with any outfit.Rockins, Guinea Blow Up Super Skinny Scarf, £85, Liberty London; Yasmin Everley, Little Spider Ring,  £40, Joy Everley;  Yasmin Everley, Little Fly Ring,  £39, Joy EverleyI'm obsessed with skinny scarfs, not least because they are deceptively versatile. Twisted round the neck once and knotted they give off a Mick Jagger air, but twirled multiple times they have have the chic elegance of a Chanel-clad, Parisian. Bonus points for Rockins as theirs come in high-impact hues that instantly lift my outift out of the doldrums.Cos, Layered Pendant Necklace, £17Like with all accessories, the ebb and flow of fashion dictates the length, look and weight of necklaces. While chokers may be hot one minute they are just as easily discarded the next, so consider something timeless and architectural like a golden pendant. That said, I twisted the chain twice around my next, because as trends dictate, the choker is still very much having a moment.Cos, Round Suede Purse, £25Not maroon, or Bordeaux, this shade is oxblood. It's fierce and powerful and the colour of sacrifice and wine. It's tougher than scarlet and more savage that berry, it yearns to be mixed with equally dark and moody hues.ASOS, Rimless Aviator Sunglasses With Pink Coloured Lens, £12; Nixon, Small Time Teller Rose Gold Dial Watch, £85, Liberty London; Monica Vinader, Gold-Plated Orange Carnelian Siren Small Stacking Ring, £75; Cos, Metal Bangle, £25Want to know how to wear pink like a grown-up? Rose gold. It's got a metallic glitz that will satisfy magpies (like me) and it has the trend appeal of blorange (the hottest hair colour to have, supposedly). It's a delicate, princessy shade but when layered up it lends a warm glint that cold gold won't give you.ASOS, Grunge Leather Cross Body Bag, £30; Yasmin Everley, Little Spider Ring,  £40, Joy Everley; Yasmin Everley, Little Fly Ring,  £39, Joy Everley It may be a little early to think about festivals, but just in case it's not this Cowgirl cross-body should be top of your shopping list. This buckaroo bag has a satisfyingly long strap and more hardware than B&Q.  John Wayne, eat your heart out!Yasmin Everley, Aquarius Silver Astrology Necklace,  £59, Joy Everley If you haven't heard of Yasmin Everley, now is the time to sit up and listen. She's a 27-year-old independent jeweller on the rise. After studying the Classics she's created a range of astrological accessories. While I'm 99% convinced horoscopes are BS, that 1% means I still religiously read mine and with this simple, quirky constellation necklace I can be constantly guided by the stars.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 New Things To Buy At Kendall’s Stylist’s Favourite StoreIs This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...As if starring in one of the most viewed Netflix shows ever wasn’t enough, Millie Bobby Brown is fast becoming fashion’s breakout star to watch.Magazine covers? Hanging out with Winona Ryder at Fashion Week? A top secret project with Louis Vuitton? At just 12-years-old the pint-sized actress has built up an impressive CV after mere months in the spotlight.And now the mini fashionista has been cast in one of the biggest Spring 2017 campaigns to date. To mark Raf Simons first collection with Calvin Klein, the former Creative Director at Dior has unveiled ‘Calvin Klein by Appointment’ - a bespoke line of distinct looks which celebrates ‘a new departure' for the brand.'The NYC atelier’s celebrity by-appointment service becomes an individual line,’ the label announced in a statement across their social channels. Speaking about his debut line on Instagram, Raf said: ‘It’s very much about celebrating the American woman and American fashion.’ Millie Bobby Brown enthused on her Instagram page how she was ‘honoured to be a part of this’ “A cast of distinct individuals brings the idea to life: Strength of character is key. Whether famous or unknown, all are treated equally.”’The imagery, shot by Willy Vanderperre and styled by Olivier Rizzo is meant to reflect the variety of American women and the trends from the 1920s through to present day. And both recognisable and rising models collide in the new ad which features Abbey Lee, Lineisy Montero, Kiki Willems, Natalie Westling, Selena Forrest and Tessa Bruinsm.While CK is known for its iconic underwear and jeans, Raf Simons is keen to spread his fashion fairy dust. Rocking multi-coloured fringing and red trousers, Bobby Brown appears completely barefaced, with her signature pixie cut slicked back.The most stylish kid in town is sure to take centre stage on the FROW next month at New York Fashion Week, when Simons makes his runway debut for CK on February 10th. Watch this space.READ MORE: How Millie Bobby Brown Won Over The Fashion World READ MORE: The Kids From Stranger Things Head To Louis Vuitton HQ READ MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Spring 2017 Ads© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Pat yourself on the back, you’ve nearly made it through January. With payday just a few sleeps away it’s time to start considering how you’re going to celebrate this mammoth achievement. For your own sake, start building a dream basket now. Whether you’re after new basics or a jaw-drop jumpsuit, Forward by Elyse Walker has your back. Walker, first opened her eponymous store back in 1999 and it didn’t take long for her to amass a starry following. After securing fans in Jennifer Garner and Cindy Crawford, she solidified herself as a Hollywood tastemaker. And, 13 years later she took her famed Pacific Palisades boutique online and now counts the Hadids (and us) as dedicated customers.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:11 New Things To Buy At Kendall’s Stylist’s Favourite StoreIs This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...If one singular piece could define the cusp-of-the-millennium, it would be without a doubt the floss-thin spaghetti strap top. Fearlessly flashing splices of the midriff and almost impossible to wear with standard underwear, they pose a quandary of dressing dilemmas. However, its Paris Hilton feels and understated minimalism sits right for this season.As a pre-cursor to the going-out top, it used to be worn by the Kitson crowd with low-rise jeans and deep tans. Now, just shy of two decades later, it's been re-embraced by the Instagram community and with heart eyes flying around it’s got us double tapping like there’s no one watching. This time around the low slung denim has been swapped for sportswear and suiting, see for yourself...Instagram: @JoannakuchtaThe fashion clock has turned back the dial to 1998, and spaghetti strap tops are once again on the menu. Don’t scoff, when it looks this good in Burberry check.Instagram: @Jordynwoods As Jordyn shows this isn’t just stunning on lithe models, it works on mere mortals too. Shock. The trick is not overthinking it and letting this unapologetically sexy top contour your form without fuss.Instagram: @Iirisaw Balance out high-octane track pants like Iris’, which are from Gucci, with a tucked in tank top with slinky straps.Instagram: @Samimiro For seasons now cardigans have been benched in favour of hoodies and sweatshirts. However, it’s just been subbed back in as it possesses the perfect antidote to the tank top’s clinginess. Sami has also layered chains and chokers to give this femme piece a harder edge.Instagram: @Coradelaney Cora gave her best Theresa May impression with a tailored tartan suit and fancy loafers. Though, the addition of this skin slick strappy top was more punk than parliamentarian.Instagram: @ArpanarayamajhiNepalese jewellery designer Arpana lets her layers of necklaces and gilded chokers shine with this top as a simple, understated foundation. Neve knock the underrated appeal of a basic.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:What Team Debrief Wore The First Time They Went ClubbingTrue Story: How To Return A 17-Year-Old Top To Gap And Get A Full Refund6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Just as we were getting a handle on how to wear a beret the biker hat comes riding along and displaces it. To be ahead of the game, retire the Francophile look STAT and pick up full-throttle headwear instead. Bella Hadid, certainly has.The Cali model announced her new collaboration with Los Angeles jewellers Chrome Hearts via Instagram with a picture of herself in a white patent biker cap and a puddle of pale fur. It seems fitting considering how often the model daringly reconsiders rebel staples like skater shoes and head-to-toe leather. Bella’s not the only one to give her hat game a Hells Angels twist, it’s a look that Kate Moss has been a long time fangirl of and that Françoise Hardy made her calling card.Sitting astride a scarlet motorbike in The Wild One.jpg?w=240), Marlon Brando was the first to give this cap cachet. His smouldering good looks and gas-guzzling bike launched a thousand rebels and copycat wearers. Namely, super’s Cindy Crawford, Helena Christensen, Linda Evangelista, Claudia Schiffer, Naomi Campbell and Stephanie Seymour. Peter Lindbergh’s 1991 black and white shoot ‘Wild at Heart’, which was styled by Grace Coddington for Vogue featured this leggy list of faces pouting from underneath the peaks of black leather biker caps on the moody streets of Brooklyn.Similarly to the beret, which draws a line between Che Guevara and the Black Panther and latinx Brown Beret movements, the biker cap carries a tangible political message. It is the headwear of rebels. It carries with it the waywardness of the open road and the free-living lifestyle of Harley riders.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Digesting Dolce & Gabbana’s Clickbait Fashion Show6 Ways To Work The World’s Most Flattering TrousersHow To Become A Hat PersonFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's confirmed: Melania Trump has chosen to wear Ralph Lauren for the inauguration of her husband Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States.The powder blue skirt suit, which features a cocoon-like jacket, is a custom designer from the American designer. Teamed with matching gloves, a box clutch and court shoe heels, as well as chic diamond earrings and a neat low chignon, the new First Lady's 60s style recalled her famous predecessor - Jackie Kennedy. The future fashion icon wore a white-caped gown for her husband's inauguration in 1961, chosen so that it would stand out against the background in the black and white images of the time.Of course, there was no doubt that Mrs. Trump would choose to 'wear American' for the momentous occasion - it's pretty much a prerequisite - but what is surprising is her deviation from her usual style. The Slovenian-born model usually favours more modern designs, recently wearing two jumpsuits - a one-shouldered white one and a black pussy-bow blouse one - for election night and the last debate respectively.The move is also a surprising sign of unity for Hillary Clinton, who is also rumoured to be wearing the designer for today's event.The timing of the unveiling of her new look is also poignant for another reason - today marks the release of Jackie, the film starring Natalie Portman about the life of the iconic First Lady.As reported by WWD earlier today, two designers have worked on pieces for Melania to wear for the inauguration - Ralph Lauren and Karl Lagerfeld. This means that in all likelihood, we can expect her to wear the latter for the inauguration ball this evening.If last night's gold sequinned Reem Acra gown is anything to go by, we're expecting big things.Watch Melania Trump's style transformation from model to First Lady below.SEE MORE: Melania Trump's First Lady StyleSEE MORE: Why Is Melania Trump Being Slut-Shamed?SEE MORE: Melania Trump To Install A Glam Room At The White House© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Selena Gomez is the most followed person on Instagram (with a cool 107 million fans and counting). And, if her latest looks are anything to go by, she can add fashion muse to her list too.The former Disney star’s fashion evolution has been well documented, with the help of mega stylist Kate Young (who has worked with Sienna Miller, Natalie Portman and Dakota Johnson).It's no wonder designers from Coach to Louis Vuitton are lining up to work with the singer. But while last year was all about modern silhouettes, jumpsuits and body-con dresses, her recent ensembles have been moving in a more relaxed and retro direction.Rose-tinted round glasses? Check. Mustard-coloured bell bottoms? Check. And we will forever be on the quest to emulate her romantic wavy lob. So, Grazia's picked every single outfit we want to steal from Selena Gomez’ wardrobe of late…What is not to love about this look? From Coach’s T-Rex jumper paired wth a simple white polo-neck, to her wide leg culotte style jeans and stilettos. The dreamiest of combos.After a brief musical hiatus, Selena re-emerged at the AMAs to accept an award wearing a divine scarlet Prada gown, which made us think back to Gwyneth Paltrow’s iconic pink dress she wore to the Oscars in 1999.Her go-to red sunglasses are from the Vintage Frames Company. You’d be hard-pressed to find a snap of Selena without her signature specs. Go bold, or go home.Selena’s off-duty vibe is equally charming, and packed full of of classic separates, neutral colours, and mix of high-low brands. L.O.V.E.While showing off her new lob in a recent Instagram post, she also gave us one major reason to stock up on stylish knitwear in January. This red sweater is everything.See below Grazia's pick of the best outfits Selena Gomez has worn...Credit: Rex FeaturesSelena Gomez wears Marni, March 2016Selena Gomez Fashion Reinvention2of13Selena Gomez wears Marni, March 2016Selena Gomez wears off-the-shoulder dress in Paris, March 2016Selena Gomez wears Vetements in Paris, March 2016Selena Gomez at the Louis Vuitton A/W'16 show, March 2016Selena Gomez wears Louis Vuitton in London, March 2016Selena Gomez wears Giambattista Valli in Paris, March 2016Selena Gomez wears Louis Vuitton to the Vanity Fair Oscars Party, February 2016Selena Gomez wears Cushnie and Ochs at the Grammys, February 2016Selena Gomez wears Calvin Klein at the Grammys, February 2016Selena Gomez at the Golden Globes after party, January 2016Selena Gomez wears Rodarte, December 2015Selena Gomez wears Ulyana Sergeenko, November 2015Selena Gomez at LAX Airport, October 2015READ MORE: It’s Official, Selena Gomez Won Instagram In 2016 READ MORE: 24 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Selena Gomez© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While talk shifts to who will be dressing Melania Trump on her husband’s inauguration, many American designers have now come out to publicly applaud Michelle Obama.Her stunning gowns, colourful cardigans and chic silhouttes made her a firm fashion favourite. As well as wearing high-end designers, she also shined the spotlight on affordable brands from J.Crew, H&M to Asos.As her eight years in the White House comes to an end, WWD asked designers who have dressed the First Lady to write personal thank you notes to her; including Jason Wu, Joseph Altuzaara, Christian Siriano, Marchesa designers Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig, Jenna Lyons and more.Jason Wu, who designed Obama’s gown for one of her first public events as First Lady, the Inaugural Ball said:‘Dear Michelle,Thank you for your amazing support for not only me, but for every creative who dreams in this country. You inspire me and I am so proud to play a small part in your most extraordinary legacy,’ Wu wrote, a Taiwanese-born Canadian and first generation American. ‘I can proudly say that I’ve reached my American Dream.’Joseph Altuzarra wrote: ‘Thank you Michelle for being such a wonderful role model & powerful advocate for ALL Americans. We will miss you.’Prabal Gurung even signed off with a plee to Michelle to move into the Oval Office in 2020:‘Thank you for your grace, poise, intellect & integrity. You leave us inspired,’ the Nepalese-American designer says. ‘Thank you for letting us be part of your history. See you in 4 years as our first female president.READ MORE: Michelle Obama's Best Style Moments  READ MORE: Who Will Dress Melania Trump On Inauguration Day?READ MORE: Barack Obama Writes His Final Letter As President © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Tu.Hey – remember when we told you the 90s were back in fashion? It’s the trend that won’t go away and for good reason. From Empire Records to early-era Friends, the Internet is teeming with nostalgic style inspo.Taking inspiration from our ultimate 90s girl crushes, Tu’s Spring/Summer collection is helping us master the trend in 2017.Rachel from FriendsSo, you've heard that sad theory behind Ben's absence at Ross' wedding and the link between Home Alone and Monica and Chandler, but what we really should be focusing on is the iconic looks Rachel brought to table in the first two seasons of Friends.Whether for work or weekend, don a dungaree dress and pair with plimsolls for the ultimate chilled-out 90s look.Jacket, £22.00Dungaree Dress, £22.00Plimsolls, £14.00Vest, £3.00Clueless' DionneDionne’s two-piece plaid suits were as iconic as her killer one liners. I mean, her digital wardrobe was totally ahead of its time and, it’s safe to say, we were all a little bit (read: a lot) jealous at the time (read: right now).Cher and Dionne were the high school queens we aspired to be, but while Cher was traditional, Dionne was a bit more daring with her style. Bright colours, like this mustard yellow jumper, under a bright plaid print, will get you noticed. Pull on some knee high socks and courts and you’ll be swooning over that hot history teacher all over again.Top, £12.00Pinafore, £18.00Socks, £5.00Drew BarrymoreDrew was the ultimate wild child – but despite the craziness, Drew’s style was always on point. This look allows you to indulge in the holy grail of 90s style with some double denim.Tuck in your top (or wear a bodysuit for ease) and chuck on an oversized jacket. Simple.Shirt, £16.00Jeans, £10.00Bodysuit, £8.00Denim Jacket, £12.50Liv Tyler in Empire RecordsIt may not be Rex Manning Day just yet (8th April, FYI), but this look can be worn all spring long. Liv’s character, Corey, rocks a plaid skirt and chunky knit combo, adding boots – which actually belonged to Liv – for a bit of attitude. It’s a solid look recreated throughout the decades, like Princess Mia in the early noughties, and you can easily bring the look up to date thanks to Tu.Skirt, £16.00Jumper, £16.00Boots, £40.00Cross Body Bag, £12.00Shop Tu clothing in store and online today.This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by Tu.The thought of trying to transform your wardrobe and adapt it to the latest season can be a little overwhelming. With so many trends to tap into and so much inspiration from street style to the catwalks, Instagram to Pinterest, it can be hard to know where to start.Stress not, as we’ve done the hard work and picked a few key products that will transform your wardrobe in an instant and update your look for the season ahead.From masculine and tailored silhouettes to embroidery and metallics, our SS17 edit with Tu will ensure you step into Spring in serious style.Spring MetallicsDon’t underestimate the power of a pleated midi. A metallic pleated midi to be exact. From Marques Almeida to Versus, metallics adorned the SS17 catwalks and pleats are a winner season after season. Dress it up with a slogan tee (props to Christian Dior and Ashley Williams for bringing that back) and chunky heels, or take it down a notch with slouchy grey marl sweat and biker boots for a transeasonal grunge inspired look. This one piece can even update your work look, team with a white shirt, sandals and bold red lip. Effortless.Pleated skirt, £18Jumper, £16Boots, £40Make It MasculineWe were dying to get our hands on a masculine statement piece after boyfriend blazers made a solid impression in the Vetements A/W collection. Don’t be afraid to mix it up and pair an oversized blazer (worn over the shoulders) with a soft feminine Summer dress or dress it down with boyfriend jeans, a white tee and slip-on trainers. We’ll be wearing ours to the office with culottes, a statement tee and courts for an instant Spring-smart look.Blazer, £25Culottes, £12.50Heels, £14Sports LuxePossibly the most comfortable and wearable trend of the season. No doubt, you’ve all received the memo that athleisure is here to stay and this season’s sports-luxe update comes in the form of the jogger. We particularly love this denim pair and will be doubling up with a denim shirt and finishing off our look with a trench and trainers. Don’t be mistaken, joggers aren’t just for the weekend, style with heels and a silk tee for a more sophisticated athleisure look.Joggers, £18Bag, £20Trainers, £16Feminine FloralsThe embroidered floral vintage trend has made a comeback in a big way and If you scroll through Instagram you’ll see a multitude of embroidery inspo, from denim to sweatshirts. Pair some Gucci-inspired floral jeans with a high-necked frill blouse for the ultimate ladylike look, for cooler Spring days keep it retro and nod to the 90s and team them with chunky heeled boots and a fine knit.Boots, £25Top, £9Jeans, £18Transeasonal TunicSpring/Summer weather can be unpredictable, that’s why every wardrobe needs a transeasonal tunic, seeing you through Spring in style from the cold snaps to the sunshine. We saw a slew of celebrities donning pinafores in 2016, and they’re back on our radar for SS17. This denim dungaree dress is ideal for layering and will look just as great worn over a jumper, tights and trainers as it will with a crisp white shirt and sandals when the sun comes out.Jumper, £12Pinafore, £2070s StyleInspired by Marc Jacobs, we’re giving our Spring wardrobe a 70s update with a classic denim skirt. Transform this knee-length version into a Spring staple simply by pairing with trainers, and a sporty polo shirt or go one step further and wear it with a vintage headscarf, platform sandals and a silk blouse for the ultimate 70s style.T-shirt, £14Skirt, £18Trainers, £18Shop the SS17 collection at Tu here.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Between the hoo-ha over who will and won’t dress incoming FLOTUS Melania Trump, fashion is finding politics hard to avoid. This was certainly the case at Balenciaga’s men’s show yesterday in Paris where the label’s main man, Demna Gvasalia, was feeling the Bern.It has always been Demna’s Moda Operandi at his own label, Vetements, and at Balenciaga, to put a magnifying glass on touchpoints of youth culture and the feeling of the street. With the approaching inauguration of Trump taking up headlines and status updates, Demna invoked the semiotics of Vermont Senator Bernie Sander’s presidential campaign.A mixture of men of all ages ranging from boyish preppy types to craggy-faced grey haired gentleman stalked Balenciaga’s catwalk in subversive tailoring.  Denma twisted the wardrobes of corporate robots and Wall Street CEOs into something incendiary. Oversized and puckered, suits took on a couture quality, and blazers became instantly sexualised when worn over bare chests. And, trousers teamed with orthopaedic trainers dipped low to almost the pubic bone. But, the most provocative image came from the red and white waves that underlined the Balenciaga logo.Like Corbyn over here, Bernie’s personal sense of style has been equally vilified and celebrated. Over the course of his Democratic nominee race, he canvassed in crumpled suits that looked borrowed from a man larger than himself, or, as the case may be, the autumn winter 17 Balenciaga menswear collection.The French house has also surreptitiously tapped into this season's logomania trend. Brand slogans were a pre-recession obsession, but have made a comeback for spring thanks to Dior, which littered its name and phrases like ‘J’Adior’ throughout its collection. Gucci too has found favour with this unsubtle branding. The label's cult top for spring is a simple white tee printed with the Italian house’s name and interlocking G’s.There is an unavoidable irony to this Balenciaga collection. While Demna has effectively produced on-trend pieces, like logo jackets, which will inevitably sell for hundreds, if not thousands, he has also co-opted the image of Bernie Sanders. Lest we forget Sanders ran on a platform that damned the 1% and desired a redistribution of wealth to aid social welfare. However, it raises the question: if  Bernie had Demna designing his campaign collection, would he have won?Like this? Then you might also be interested in:The History Of The PantsuitThere's A Dating Site Especially For Bernie Sanders SupportersTwo Women Might Just Have Made A Politician Change His MindFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sports bras are a personal affair. What works for your friend may not work for you. And let’s face it, bras are about as personal as it can get so you’re going to need one that supports you like a protective mother during that dreaded HIIT class.Finding the right one can be a nightmare, you need enough support your boobs don’t feel like they’re about to give way, but not so much you feel like your chest is being suffocated as you workout. I've gone through tons of brands to find the right bra and am yet to find the ultimate one. This week for Should I Buy, I decided to try out Triumph’s new range, TriAction range. Supposedly bras for every sport so you can find the right one for you, let’s put them to the workout test shall we?Just because it's going to be hidden up your top, doesn't mean it can't look great. This range comes in a variety of colours, my fave is the black because I'm basic, but the purple one is also high on my wish list. As far as sports bras go, these guys are pretty reasonably priced - staring at £22 and going up to £44, meaning they won't break the bank.I woke up at 5.45am this morning to test this bra out. OK, not specifically to test it out but to go to a spin class, and let me tell you - the pain was eased the second I put this bra on. It’s probably the most comfortable sports bra I have ever worn, no joke. It was slightly confusing trying to maneuver the straps, but once I’d figured it out it felt like my chest had it’s own personal cushion. Making 5.45am wake up calls slightly more bearable. Slightly. Getting it off was another story, again strap issues. They cross over at the back so even when you've undone the clasp you have to pull the bra over your head which for someone with no coordination, is quite difficult.I was slightly put off by the padding in these bras - however when working out it didn’t hinder my movement in anyway, or make it uncomfortable. I felt fully supported throughout my spin class, there was no movement or jiggling. I didn’t feel like my boobs were out of control, nor did I feel like I the bra was digging into my skin.Gross question, but it’s got to be asked. As the fabric of these bras is quite thick – on the padded ones anyway – I did begin to wonder (Carrie Bradshaw style) if this would result in sweat patches across the shiny new fabric. Sweat obviously isn’t a bad thing in a spin class, but if you’re a repeat wears-bra-twice offender like me, sweat patches are a no no. I did have some sweat discomfort, but not nearly as much as I thought I would.Answer: yes. I feel 100% safe in the knowledge that these guys would see you through a bouncy trampoline class no trouble. Get booking, I’ve heard trampoline is all the rage. Or alternatively you could defintely go to a dance class if Trampolining isn't your thing and you want full support. Triumph has your back, or chest.Like this? You might also be interested in…Should I Buy…The Acupressure Mat? Should I Buy…Instant Face Fake Tanners To Sort Out Pale Winter Skin?Should I Buy…The Hair Straightening Brush? Follow Alyss on Instagram @alyssbowen  This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The biggest names in fashion are beginning to showcase their campaigns for spring/summer 2017, and in keeping with the trend to celebrate new faces, Anwar Hadid - as in, Gigi and Bella's little brother - has been announced as the new face of Hugo Boss Menswear.It's no surprise that 17-year-old Anwar has been selected to star in the major campaign, as the Hadid offspring have notoriously been dominating the fashion world recently.Gigi and Bella have featured in numerous campaigns for top designers, such as Tom Ford, Versace, Balmain and Guess, to name a few. 2017 is already shaping up to be a busy year for the girls, with Bella as the face of Fendi, Gigi starring in the Stuart Weitzman campaign, and both sisters starring in the Moschino S/S 17 campaign.Following suit, this is Anwar's first big campaign shoot. He was signed to IMG Models - the same agency that represent his sisters - when he was 16-years-old, and the millennial has since appeared in L'Uomo Vogue, Nylon and Vogue Hommes. He made his catwalk debut last year, walking for Moschino and in the Fenty X Puma by Rihanna show.The Hugo campaign was shot by photographer Harley Weir in a Californian desert, with Anwar modelling the new collection that boasts an athletic vibe, with relaxed and oversized pieces.Expect to see a lot more from Anwar this year, as the Hadids are no doubt running the show.READ MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ads For Spring/Summer 2017© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...I moved flat recently and realised, right about the time I started organising shoes into bags for TRAID, that I have a ridiculous number of trainers. What’s even more ridiculous? I was loathe to part with any and, more importantly, none are for exercising in.I pretty much wear trainers every day - to work, to weekend brunch, to friends' 30th birthday parties - and am so accustomed to a spongy sole that’s like a hug for the arch that even block-heeled ankle boots make my feet ache.The fashion pack agrees that the way forward is flat. First they were obsessed with Balenciaga’s sell-out and supersized Triple S trainers, then it was Louis Vuitton’s squiggle-soled Archlight sneaker. Now the buzz is around sustainable brands like Veja, Wado and Allbirds. The latter is, of this year, a carbon-neutral business, offsetting 100% of its emissions, and is working hard to reduce its footprint as much as possible by using low-carbon materials like Tencel Lyocell.Reformation and New Balance have just joined forces on the latter’s first sustainable-led collection. The five styles, which come in a spectrum of pleasing-on-the-eye pastels and each cost £85, use eco-friendly materials like post-consumed recycled polyester, in the linings, laces and labels, and chrome-free suede.When it comes to styling, anything goes. Try an out-out top, leather shorts and printed tights a la Giovanna Battaglia. Or a printed polo neck and track pants combo like model Indira Scott. The future, at least where your footwear is concerned, has never felt so comfy.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Flashing her trademark gap-toothed grin, Jessica Hart, is one of those supermodels who’s inspired us to embrace our quirks.Since bursting onto the scene, after appearing on the cover of Sports Illustrated 'Swimsuit Issue' in 2009, the Aussie beauty has shown zero signs of slowing down.Quite literally. Hart is the queen of multi-tasking. Anyone who follows the 30-year-old model and entrepreneur on Instagram will be well aware of how important fitness is to make her feel stronger, more body confident and empowered before she steps in front of the camera. A tag she wears proudly for Triumph’s new global Spring/Summer 2017 campaign, shot by iconic fashion photographer Rankin.As the new face for the ‘Find The One For Every You’ campaign with the lingerie and athleisure giant, Hart aims to shine the splotlight on the multifaceted roles women play everyday.‘I think we all have a few little hidden characters and all lead such varied lifestyles that this is what makes the campaign imagery so relevant. Women are interesting creatures,’ Hart tells Grazia. ‘Embracing the different aspects of your personality and having lingerie that supports all the different types of you helps you to feel confident and comfortable in your own skin.’The Sydney-born star, who’s worked for brand’s including Victoria’s Secret, Michael Kors and Tory Burch, admits playing up to the cameras and creating characters is the best part of her job.‘The lens is on you and with each snap you create a new persona,’ she says. ‘[And] each time I walked on set I wondered what Rankin would make me do next. It honestly was the best part – he always thinks of new ways to get the most amazing shots.’Her favourite pieces from the collection include the Amourette [‘an everyday feminine lacy bra’], Magic Boost [‘when I go out in the evening or for a special occasion’] to Dynamic Lite’s Extrem Lite more basic, non-wired style for when she’s heading to the gym. ‘I think some bras are almost like an armour,’ Jessica adds. ‘It’s also the foundation to your outfit – if your bra’s not right then how can the rest of it be?!’When are you at your most confident? ‘The most beautiful women are just simply comfortable in their own skin’ she says. ‘Just being the best version of yourself is the way to achieve that. As does having empathy, integrity and embracing your individuality.’READ MORE: On The Campaign Trail: The Best Ads For SS17 READ MORE: 13 Models To Name-Drop In 2017 © 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Did you feel that? That was the cold wind of winter blowing through. The most stylish way to stay warm is to have an arsenal of sleek, chic and interesting hosiery to pull from. It’s been a tight race (#sorrynotsorry), but these are the definitive rankings of best tights under £9 the virtual high street has to offer.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:The Definitive Ranking Of Black Winter TightsIn Defence Of Tights Being Totally AwesomeThis Weird Trick Will Stop Your Tights LadderingFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A few days ago we reported that Ralph Lauren could be behind Melania Trump’s inauguration outfit, a job that many designers have publicly refused to accept on moral grounds.But it just so happens that another designer might be in the running for what is undoubtedly one of the least sought after jobs in the fashion industry.  According to WWD, Karl Lagerfeld is now also rumoured to be dressing the future First Lady.And it’s hardly surprising, as the French icon is renowned for his controversy often hitting the headlines for more than just his designs.This doesn’t necessarily rule Ralph Lauren out of the equation however, as the Slovenian former model will require two outfits. One for the Inauguration when husband Donald Trump will take his seat in the Oval Office and one for the evening’s inauguration ball.One thing for sure is President-elect Trump won’t be the only one in the spotlight this Friday.READ MORE: We Know Who Is Dressing Melania Trump For The InaugurationREAD MORE: Trump Trivia: Everything You Need To Know About America's New First Family© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Put down your navy knitwear, folks: it’s time to kick start your wardrobe.OK, so 2016 was a bit rocky, and 2017 isn’t off to the most sensational of starts, due to the annual fun-detox that is January – but, thanks to fashion, our spirits are about to soar.Cue dopamine dressing: fashion that’s designed to cheer you up, from the inward-smile-inducing (try Topshop Unique’s sunny-side-up slip) to the buys so brilliantly bonkers that they’ll have your fellow commuters grinning, too – because who could ignore the elephant in the room when it’s Loewe’s sugar-pink pouch?On the S/S ’17 catwalks, love hearts  uttered on dresses at Valentino and Rodarte, but we’ll be wearing our hearts on our feet, courtesy of Comme des Garçons’ take on classic Converse.Test out the power of positive thinking in Bella Freud’s happy-go-lucky slogan knit, or start the day with a smile – stamped on the heel of Camilla Elphick’s ankle boots. Forget positive thinking; this season it’s all about positive dressing...Shop our favourite happy-making pieces below. Bag, £795, Anya Hindmarch anyahindmarch.comDopamine dressing - Grazia2of13 Bag, £795, Anya Hindmarch anyahindmarch.comJumper, £320, Bella Freud bellafreud.comBoots, £675, Camilla Elphick camillaelphick.comHat, £215, Eugenia Kim net-a- porter.comTrainers, £95, Comme des Garçons Play Converse doverstreetmarket.comRing, £29, GemporiaEarrings, £235, Aamaya by Priyanka aamayapriyanka.comJeans, £200, House of Holland matchesfashion.comSandals, £430, Oscar Tiye brownsfashion.comCharm, £395, Loewe loewe.comBag, approx £642, Les Petit Jouers lespetitjouers.comDress, £175, Topshop Unique net-a-porter.comNecklace, £495, Alison Lou net-a-porter.comSEE MORE: The Colour Everyone Is Wearing This SeasonSEE MORE: The Brand Everyone Is 'Championing' This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...The camel coat is a winter perennial. From shearling outerwear in the caramel hue to smart tailored pieces - it's undoubtedly the most sought after garm when the colder months arrive.Come fashion week, the street style set don camel coats in all their glory. Whether it’s layered over a hoodie and trackpants or draped over a two-piece suit - it’s bound to make it onto your Pinterest board.And what is most surprising is that despite their annual appearance, we think this season has some of the best offerings yet.Whether you wish to invest in a teddy effect cosy from Joseph or would rather stick to the high street with a robed number from & Other Stories - there are options aplenty.Shop the drop in the gallery below:Credit: ZaraDouble Breasted Patches Coat, £149, ZaraCamel Coats Resized - Grazia2of7Double Breasted Patches Coat, £149, ZaraSmart Tailored Coat, £85.00,WarehouseTailored Wool Coat, £175, COSCurly Merinos Ringo Sheepskin Coat, £1695, JosephBelt Wool Coat, £129, MangoLoose Alpaca Blend Coat, £165, & Other StoriesREAD MORE: This Is The Most Popular Coat Of The Season According To PinterestREAD MORE: Coats Guaranteed To Make You Look Forward To Winter© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Timeless…Classic…Elegant.These descriptions fly around so frequently when describing a ‘stylish person’ that sometimes it can lose all its meaning. However, no truer are these words to describe the inimitable Jackie Kennedy Onassis. A woman who used her wardrobe as a powerful tool of communication.She rewrote the First Lady fashion rulebook (more on that later), in the late ‘50s and early ’60s, inspiring millions to mimic what was later to become the ‘Jackie O Look’.It makes perfect sense, then, to learn that she was in fact awarded a 12-month Junior Editor job at US Vogue, shortly before her marriage to J.F Kennedy in 1953. Her curated outfit choices – a sophisticated mix of pillbox hats, bold power suits and those signature specs (and lest we forget her bouffant ‘do) - were always considered, polished and, more than anything, aspirational.And now, the iconic figure will have the spotlight shined on her once more.As Natalie Portman portrays the former First Lady in hotly-tipped biopic Jackie [released 20th January], we’ve decoded the longstanding appeal of Jackie O’s sartorial splendour, almost six decades later…Much like Audrey Hepburn’s Givenchy LBD and Diane Keaton’s high-waisted trousers, Jackie Kennedy’s trademark look will always be that pink bouclé suit - which she was spotted wearing in public at least six times prior to her husband’s assassination in 1963. To this day, her most famous outfit remains one of America’s greatest fashion mysteries. The design authentication has never been revealed, but it is believed to be an exact replica of a Chanel suit design. The French fashion house reportedly supplied the materials to New York dress shop Chez Ninon, to avoid any political backlash over wearing a non-American label. Kennedy’s navy trim collared twinset, still bloodstained, was then sent to the National Archives with a handwritten note from Kennedy's mother which read, “Jackie’s suit and bag — worn November 22, 1963.” It will not be publicly displayed until 2103.Ann Lowe, the first widely recognised African American fashion designer created one of the most iconic wedding dresses of all time, which Jackie wore to her wedding to John F. Kennedy in 1953. It was by no means an easy commission. Disaster struck just 10 days before the wedding, after a water pipe broke and flooded her studio, destroying the bride’s gown she had spent two months creating. She started from scratch. Ordering more ivory French taffeta and a pastel pink silk skirt with three petticoats. ‘I like for my dresses to be admired,’ Lowe told the Evening Post in 1964. ‘I like to hear about it—the oohs and ahs…’ Job done.Bright colours played a key part in Jackie Kennedy Onassis' wardrobe - from daffodil yellow and apricots to siren red and pinks. A marigold yellow ball skirt, with a black square-neck top and opera gloves? Bold ‘60s trapeze swing coats to match her dress? No colour was off-limits.During her time in the White House, Mrs. Kennedy became a trend-setter. Case in point: popularising the pillbox hat - invariably her favourite headpiece. For modern interpretations of this look see Kate Middleton and co channelling the ‘60s Pan Am-style.While her look was still glamorous as ever, Jackie O’s image in her later years appeared more relaxed - with a capsule collection full of tailored trousers, culottes, polo-necks and classic trench coats. Gone are the pillbox hats in favour of Hermès silk scarves, oversized shades (apparently, she liked the fact she could people watch inconspicuously in them) and gypsy tops. FYI: A look you will definitely be channelling come Spring 2017.Watch Natalie Portman talking about how she got into the role below.READ MORE: 12 Of Grace Kelly's Most Iconic Fashion Moments READ MORE: Watch Natalie Portman In The Trailer For Biopic ‘Jackie’© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Dressing Melania Trump for the inauguration of her husband Donald Trump has become one of the least-wanted jobs in the fashion industry, with no shortage of designers refusing to be associated with the new First Lady.Yet someone has stepped up to the plate, if reports by WWD are to be believed. The godfather of American fashion, Ralph Lauren, is said to be designing a gown for the Slovenian former model - despite the fact that he was an outspoken Hillary Clinton supporter during the election.Indeed, the designer dressed Clinton on numerous important occasions, including her Election Day trip to the polling booth and her concession speech that very evening. But Mrs Trump is also a fan, wearing a one-shouldered Ralph Lauren dress for Election Night, although it is important to note that the designer didn't lend her the piece - she bought it herself (whatever next?).One thing is certain - whatever designer Melania decides to wear will receive unprecedented attention. Isobel Toledo, the previously unknown designer worn by Michelle Obama during her husband's 2009 inauguration, found herself suddenly world-famous.Watch this space.READ MORE: Melania Trump Plans To Have A Glam Room Built In The White HouseREAD MORE: Trump Trivia: Everything You Need To Know About America's New First Family© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...While it may not have settled, it snowed last week. And, it wasn’t just a few flakes here and there, it was a downpour. Even though shops are currently filling their rails with spring summer delights, our wardrobe is still firmly stuck in winter. So, consider investing in a new pair of boots that will get you across those puddles and through the worst of the weather still yet to come.For a long time over-the-knee boots were NSFW, but not anymore. New gen knee-highs and thigh-grazing shoes look smart and only a little saucy. Unlike their Y2K iterations they are not to be worn with bodycon ever (unless you’re Kylie Jenner). Instead, consider ‘lampshading’ – the voguish trend for wearing an A-line dress that skims the top of the boot, so you resemble the silhouette of a, well, lampshade.If you’d rather something less divisive, then the ankle boot is worth considering. The latest iterations are stepped up with print, glitter and metallic hues. Just see for yourself….Like this? Then you might also be interested in:How Adidas Slyly Became The Most Relevant Sports Brand11 New Things To Buy At Kendall’s Stylist’s Favourite Store6 Ways To Get Under The Skin Of 2017’s Bodysuit TrendFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...There’s no denying that we were thrilled to see the back of 2016. And our excitement at the prospect of a brand new year is most definitely reflected in our wardrobes this season, as bloggers far and wide are coveting a rather glorious new hue. Orange. We didn't see that coming either...According to Pinterest, there has been a 59 percent increase in orange-themed board saves since last year. Our penchant for sorbet, cheery shades isn’t anything new however, as we thrived on candyfloss hues throughout 2016 opting for anything and everything pink.But the rival shade, orange, is set to dominate our wardrobes this year.  Our thoughts? We personally cannot wait to invest in the trend and sartorially bid farewell to January blues.So take inspo from the catwalks this season and don the infectious hue in abundance, regardless of the weather (thundersnow and all). This season's collections saw Loewe debut citrus accessories as Balenciaga brought back the '80s spandex.So inject some colour into your wardrobes this season and consider new buys an essential January pick-me-up!Shop the 'it' colour of 2017 in the gallery belowEmilio Pucci off-the-shoulder twill-trimmed silk-georgette top, £860 from Net-a-porterOrange 'It' Colour - Grazia2of6Emilio Pucci off-the-shoulder twill-trimmed silk-georgette top, £860 from Net-a-porterStella McCartney eva silk crepe de chine blouse, £395 from Net-a-porterJ.Crew collection double-breasted wool-blend coat, £595 from Net-a-porterMiu Miu checked cotton-voile wrap midi skirt, £360 from Net-a-porterGucci intarsia wool sweater, £795 from Net-a-porterLeather Slingback Ankle Boots, £69.99 from ZaraREAD MORE: This Bag Is Bound To Banish January BluesREAD MORE: This Is The Brand Everyone Is Championing This Season© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Michelle Obama has been the most inspiring First Lady America has ever seen. Throughout Barack's two terms in office she has actively utilised the influential platform to encourage education and spread hope, in turn gaining immense popularity and respect.She has been consistent in preaching the values of being kind, passionate and hard working, and has become a role model for younger generations. It is her unblemished reputation for making powerful, eloquent speeches and memorable public appearances that has made her a true icon for many, politically. But it is her exquisite style that has made her a favourite among us fashion lovers, too.Her style mirrors her personality: poised, bold, vibrant and vivacious, and she has been dressed by every big name in fashion, from Ralph Lauren to Versace.Every time Michelle makes a speech, is interviewed or supports Barack, her style never flounders. Bright block colours and simple cuts pave the way for her sartorial success.In 2008 Michelle appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno wearing an outfit by J.Crew. When Leno asked her how much she had spent on her outfit - a mustard-coloured blouse, cardigan and skirt - assuming it had cost thousands, Michelle surprised him and the audience when she said, 'Actually, this is a J. Crew ensemble! Ladies, we know J. Crew - you can get some good stuff online!'As well as J.Crew, Michelle has been known to wear pieces from H&M, including a £21 polka dot dress on The Today Show in 2011, proving that she can be frugal and still stylish.Michelle has proven that she knows how to dress from day to night. Her signature evening style is a bardot, strapless or one-shouldered dress with a full-length skirt.For the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation's Phoenix Awards in 2016 Michelle wore a embellished strapless gown, and when presenting the Best Picture award at the Oscars in 2012 she wore a metallic embellished gown - both by designer Naeem Khan.At every annual State Dinner Michelle looked divine and exuded class in a styish evening gown. For her first State Dinner with the Indian Prime Minister in 2009 Michelle wore an embellished dress by Indian-American designer Naeem Khan. In 2015 Michelle wowed in a black bardot-style Vera Wang fishtail dress, and in 2016 she rocked a gold sequined Versace gown, which, by the way, we can't get enough of.For both of Barack's Inaugural Balls - in 2009 and 2013 - Michelle looked poised in custom designer gowns. She wore Jason Wu at both occasions: a white one-shouldered floor-length gown for the first inaugural ball, and then in a similar red gown for the second.Michelle and Barack have visited the UK countless times to visit Downing Street as well as (our sartorial favourites) the Duchess of Cambridge and the Queen. Despite the bad weather she always looks graceful and stylish - just like the Queen and Kate, naturally.Take a look back at some of Michelle's greatest fashion momentsCredit: Getty ImagesFor her final White House state dinner, Michelle (pictured with Italian first lady Agnese Landini) wore a rose gold sequinned gown by Versace. Talk about going out in style...Michelle Obama Style - Grazia2of24For her final White House state dinner, Michelle (pictured with Italian first lady Agnese Landini) wore a rose gold sequinned gown by Versace. Talk about going out in style...Red Jason Wu was the obvious choice for Michelle when it came to Barack's second inauguration ball in 2013 A state banquet at Buckingham Palace in 2011 required a show-stopping white gown by Tom Ford.Michelle graced her first inaugural ball in a one-shouldered custom gown by designer of choice Jason Wu.Michelle wore a strapless embellished ballgown by Naeem Khan for the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation's Phoenix Awards in September 2016.For her first state dinner with the Indian Prime Minister, Michelle wore an embellished gown by Indian-American designer Naeem Khan.Another state dinner (this time to meet with Justin and Sophie Trudeau) called for another dress by Jason Wu.The one-shouldered style certainly works for the First Lady. This purple gown, worn for dinner with the president of South Korea, is by Korean-American designer Doo-Ri Chung.The First Lady doesn't shy away from bold prints for high profile occasions. This dramatic gown, worn in 2011, is by British label Alexander McQueen.For an official dinner with David and Samantha Cameron, Michelle chose a teal off-the-shoulder style by Marchesa, complete with a dramatic statement necklace.Naeem Khan - who dreamt up this cream off-the-shoulder number - is another of the First Lady's go-to designers. Visiting Spain as part of her Let Girls Learn initiative, Michelle wore a ruffled dress by Preen in one of the brand's standout S/S'16 prints.This stunningly simple white gown was custom made for Mrs. Obama by Lady Gaga's go-to designer, Brandon MaxwellHey Michelle, can we borrow this off-the-shoulder number by Zac Posen, please?This multi-print dress, worn by Michelle at the Broadway Shines A Light On Girls Education presentation, wolud slot ever so easily into our work wardrobe...An off-the-shoulder teal gown by Marchesa was the perfect choice for a Kennedy Center reception in 2013. The cross-over neckline of this Bibhu Mohapatra gown is another favourite style detail for the First Lady.The First Lady looked stunning in this dramatic black fishtail gown by Vera Wang, worn for a state dinner in 2015. The 2012 BET Honours called for a form-fitting scarlet style by J. Mendel.Michelle paired an eye-catching printed sun-dress with simple gladiator flats for the Marine Barracks evening parade.Another bold printed number for the First Lady.'That's an Alaia!' Michelle wore a dazzling ice-blue dress by Azzedine Alaia for the Nobel Banquet.What does one wear for dinner with the Queen? In this case, a stunning black evening gown by Ralph Lauren.She wore a pink embellished gown by Tracey Reese when she attended the Democratic National Convention in 2012.READ MORE: Michelle Obama Makes Her Final Speech At The White HouseREAD MORE: Michelle Obama's Best Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...A stash of ‘90s fashion inspo saved on your Instagram? Or just simply fans of a classic friday flashback? No doubt Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss in their heyday has appeared on your feeds (AKA the coolest besties ever).The supermodel clique we all wished we were a part of has stood the test of 25 years working (and, of course, partying) together across the globe. And Miss Campbell has just proved how tight the twosome really are in the sweetest birthday message to Mossy…To celebrate Kate Moss’ 43rd birthday today, Naomi wrote on Instagram: ‘#LittleWagon here comes that special day !!#happybirthday@katemossagency #katemoss sending you all best vibes and wishes wagon.''We have a come a long way together and I cherish our bond, our honesty has kept us always there for each other #truth #southlondongirls we will always be have a great one I love you wagon.’Accompanied by the most epic #TBT moodboard. The metallic party dresses? Sequins? You-Can’t-Sit-With-Us stares? It’s all there. Enjoy.Happy Birthday Kate!READ MORE: 5 Style Lessons We Learnt From ‘90s Kate MossREAD MORE: 14 Of Winona Ryder’s Most Iconic '90s Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...To put it simply - between Trump’s imminent inauguration, news of the sterling crashing to a new low and Blue Monday – today sucks. Like any sensible person, we’ve decided to bury our head in the sand and embrace the escapism of fashion. Topshop is currently doing a stellar line in daydream-worthy dresses, headline diverting denim and responsibility shirking skirts. The joke’s not on us because Psychology Today has proved retail therapy truly works. Supposedly it’s an anxiety reducer, a performance booster and inspires self-confidence. So, feel no guilt as you get to grips with Topshop’s New In….Satin Peplum Tea Dress by Boutique, £130; Black Tassel Jamie Jeans, £46; [Jostle Mid Heel Tie Block Heeled Ballet Pumps, £52](http://www.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/shoes-430/jostle-mid-heel-tie-block-heeled-ballet-pumps-6195120?bi=20&ps=20)Just because it says it’s a frock, it doesn’t mean you have to wear it as such. Reinvent a late ‘90s styling trick by pairing a complicated, ruffled dress with fuss-free jeans.Lofty Turnback Cuff Knitted Jumper, £34; Red Vinyl Jamie Jeans, £55; [Karter Loafers, £65](http://www.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/shoes-430/karter-loafers-6175946?bi=0&ps=20)One word: waterproof. Yes, actually. Glossy scarlet vinyl trousers are weather-appropriate and on trend. If they weren’t in red or worn with a Barbie pink sweater they’d be a little too dominatrix for daytime. But, they are, and they are totally plastic fantastic!Long Sleeve Arm Graphic T-Shirt, £18; Deep Ruffle Skirt by Boutique, £90; [Studded Boot, £125](http://www.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/shoes-430/studded-boot-6207825?bi=40&ps=20%20)These boots may not be made for walking, but that doesn’t necessarily matter. Feed your inner magpie with gem encrusted ankle boots, which add glam rock edge to an ultra-femme skirt.Pleated Rib Knit Midi Dress, £42; [Studded Boot, £125](http://www.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/shoes-430/studded-boot-6207825?bi=40&ps=20%20)Take the bite out of winter with a surprisingly slimming jumper dress. The elongated sleeves and geometric ribbing streamline this body-hugging knit into a cold-weather killer. Dangling a pendant and adding shoes with a bit of pow lifts its dark navy colour.Lofty Turnback Cuff Knitted Jumper, £34; Deep Ruffle Skirt by Boutique, £90; [Jostle Mid Heel Tie Block Heeled Ballet Pumps, £52](http://www.topshop.com/en/tsuk/product/shoes-430/jostle-mid-heel-tie-block-heeled-ballet-pumps-6195120?bi=20&ps=20)While picnic blanket gingham may be a short-cut to prim spring style, Topshop’s given it a wayward refresh. This frayed-hem midi skirt is tailored with a dangerously high slit and just two buttons protecting our modesty. Add a high-octane colour like hot pink to lift the mood.Embroidered Kimono PJ shirt, £49;Black Tassel Jamie Jeans, £46Give fire-breathing flair to a pair of skinny black jeans with a pale pink kimono blouse. Riffing on the pyjama trend that seems to be sticking around, it has the soft, fluid fit of silk PJs but is safe for work.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:These Vagina Necklaces Are So Hot Right Now6 Ways To Work The World’s Most Flattering TrousersThese Nostalgic Insta Accounts Have Us Constantly Double TappingFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...We're three weeks into January, and the Christmas break already feels like a distant memory, so it’s time to give your workwear wardrobe the promotion it deserves. Whether you’re a power player in an air-conditioned corporate office or creative working out of the basement of an east London ex-factory, it’s time to say goodbye to that ill-fitting polyester shift dress. It only takes a few zinging pieces to revitalise the clothes you already have. Here are 9 ways to make seel the deal and give your professional life the pizzazz it deserves.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:2017: The Year You (Maybe) Get Really Good At DressingWorkwear That’s Not Boring And Is Actually On TrendIs This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorris This article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...It's a truth universally acknowledged that no one does parties quite like Kate Moss - so who could be better to school us in the art of party dressing? In celebration of Mossy's 43rd birthday, here's everything that Croydon's favourite daughter has taught us about dressing to impress.Ever suffered the indignity of turning up to an event in a shiny new dress, then realising that the girl standing ten feet away from you is wearing the exact same thing? It. Is. Painful. As Kate knows, the most stylish way to pre-empt this sort of disaster is to spend time sourcing something vintage. Of course, one of the perks of being the most photographed woman alive is the access to the best stylists and vintage traders in the business, but Kate also reportedly favours vintage dens like Rellik and One Of A Kind in Portobello.No one likes a spoilsport, and there are few things more annoying than throwing a fancy dress party then having all your pals rock up in half-hearted, cobbled together ensembles. This would never, ever happen if Kate Moss was your BFF (we can but dream). She's the queen of committing to a costume theme, dressing up as Anne Boleyn for her Tudor-themed 35th birthday party and most famously wearing a midnight blue floor-length flapper dress for her F. Scott Fitzgerald inspired 'Beautiful and Damned' shindig.Kate’s a great believer in the power of the little black dress - remember the scramble to snap up the LBDs in her first Topshop collaboration? This has to be one of the easiest (and most timeless) ways to channel Kate’s style: the supermodel tends to favour shorter styles with statement necklines, worn with a beaded vintage clutch bag.Partying with Mossy is a test of endurance - her 40th birthday party famously went on for an impressive four days. While we don’t imagine that Kate is the sort of woman to keep a spare pair of ‘emergency’ flats and blister plasters stashed in her bag, she’s definitely an expert at choosing outfits that look as good at 9am as they do at 9pm.Whether it’s a Sixties-style fur coat or a head-to-toe printed gown, no one wears animal print quite like our Kate. If you’re brave enough, pair it with red lipstick.Vintage furs? Tick. Head-to-toe velvet? Yep. Gold turban? Why not. She may have shot to fame in the minimalism-loving Nineties, but these days Kate is definitely a member of the ‘more is more’ sartorial school. Disclaimer: this is one look that’s definitely harder for the average mortal to pull off, but you can channel Kate’s maximalist impulses by throwing on a faux fur coat, whatever the outfit.Yes, she’s a party girl, but Kate knows the importance of a dress code. Case in point? The outfit above, worn for a dinner hosted by the Duke of Cambridge’s charity gala dinner at Windsor Castle. It’s entirely occasion appropriate: fashion forward, but not too out there, subtly glamorous rather than overtly attention grabbing.When your outfit is perfect, you don’t need to remember to brush your hair. Kate tends to favour fashionably dishevelled waves rather than overly ‘done’ curls or super straight hair, typically worn with artfully smudged eyeliner and a nude lipstick.Kate knows that the easiest way to grab attention is to opt for a floor-skimming ensemble, be it a maxi dress or a Studio 54-esque jumpsuit.via GIPHYWATCH Kate Moss Fashion Through The YearsREAD MORE: The Best A-List Balayage InspirationREAD MORE: Natasha Poly On Her Fitness Regime© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...At the dawn of the millennium, the fashion publishing world was faced with a new quandary, the blogger. Outspoken and with no affiliation, bloggers could publish what they wanted, when they wanted. And, this posed a challenge to media corporations. But, while magazines like Vogue still struggle to get along with these upstarts, the brands have tamed them. One label, in particular, spent the weekend showing just how much control they have over this once-renegade community.Not one, or two but, a cast of social media influencers walked at Dolce & Gabbana’s autumn winter 2017 men’s fashion show in Milan. Designed with the Snapchat generation in mind, the brand used Vine star Cameron Dallas, Stallone sisters Sistine and Sophia, Jack Guinness, Vlogger Jim Chapman, Jude's son Rafferty Law, pop star Austin Mahone, Chinese tween idol Chen Xue Dong, Tinie Tempah, Immy Waterhouse and Sofia Richie amongst others instead of professional models.Last season multiple stories (e.g. this and this) were published when Dallas sat front row at Dolce’s shows. While media elders didn’t recognise the young star, his fans certainly did and he was mobbed. This season they let him open the show.As a key cog in Dolce’s new model army, one would expect Dallas to be a dedicated follower of fashion. But, unlike the blogging community of yore, which included the Tavi’s and Susie (Lau) Bubble’s of the world, Dallas has a more laissez-faire approach to his new career. In a recent interview with The Wall Street Journal he explained his unconventional vocation: ‘When asked what he does for a living, he looked momentarily blank.'“My interests are vast,” he finally replied. “I think I’m just an entrepreneur. I do the Instagram thing. I like music. Now I want to learn about the fashion space.”’We assume the masterminds at this Italian label were hoping to break the internet. However, they haven't quite succeeded. With many of the models either the scions of celebrities or boasting a formidable social media following, Dolce & Gabbana were painfully obviously courting a tween generation. Sadly for the label, Gen-Z has yet to earn the money that’s required to buy one of their high-end pieces. And, furthermore, they’ve been left with the press (we included) falling over itself to talk about the millennial models, not the collection, which, lest we forget, is the main reason for this presentation.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:Unpicking Kim Kardashian's Return To Social MediaWe Have A Lot Of Questions About Revenge Body With Khloe Kardashian Episode OneLook Inside Emily Ratajkowski’s Astounding Art-Filled La LoftFollow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Theresa May is set to become the first Prime Minister to appear in the pages of American Vogue, it has been confirmed by Downing Street.The PM will reportedly appear in a spread in the April (not May) issue of the magazine, which will appear on newsstands in March.May was shot by renowned photographer Annie Leibovitz at Chequers, the Prime Minister's country retreat, which was kept under wraps by Vogue editor Anna Wintour (who was made a Dame in the 2017 New Year's Honours).According to a report by PA, Downing Street sources denied that the Vogue feature has any connection with a planned visit to the US, where May will meet new President Donald Trump for the first time.While Margaret Thatcher, the UK's only other female Prime Minister, appeared in British Vogue several times, May is the first PM to make the pages of the fashion bible's US edition.It isn't the first time that May's distinctive fashion sense has made the headlines: the Prime Minister's love of bold colours and statement shoes has been much commented upon.Last year, May was criticised when she was pictured wearing a pair of £995 leather trousers in the Sunday Times Magazine, prompting her colleague Nicky Morgan to comment: 'I don’t think I’ve ever spent that much on anything apart from my wedding dress.'READ MORE: Why Should Anyone Dictate What Women Wear?READ MORE: Stop Asking Women Why They Don't Have Kids© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Sponsored by FURLA.FURLA has unveiled it’s Spring/Summer 2017 campaign, and accessory-obsessed people everywhere are itching to get their hands on some of the new pieces.An insanely talented crew, made up of photographer Gregory Harris and artistic director Fabien Baron, shot the campaign in a minimalist studio in New York with the ever elegant, Mali Koopman.The shoot resulted in something strong and authentic with an effortless allure. Every piece is unique with its own special design, demonstrating that FURLA is an icon of Italian design and craftsmanship to give a sense of luxury and bold charm.To celebrate the launch of the collection, Grazia readers will be able to enjoy a 20% discount during February at FURLA’s new flagship store on Bromton Road at Knightsbridge.Look through the gallery below to see some of the favourite pieces.Furla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla handbags 32of19Furla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Shoulder BagFurla Metropolis Shoulder BagFurla Metropolis Shoulder BagFurla Metropolis Mask Mini Crossbody BagFurla Metropolis Mask Mini Crossbody BagFurla Dafne BackpackFurla Vittoria Drawstring BagFurla Vittoria Drawstring BagFurla Vittoria Glam Drawstring BagFurla Vittoria Glam Drawstring BagFurla Lucky Tote BagFurla Metropolis Shoulder BagPlus, to celebrate FURLA's 90th anniversary enter the competition below for your chance to win a FURLA Vittoria bag!**Data collected through this form will be transferred and treated by Furla for commercial purposes in compliance with applicable law and with Furla Privacy Policy. I understand that I am entitled to revoke my consent at any time, free of charge and without any disadvantages by emailing privacy@furla.com.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Quintessentially British with a sartorial nod to grunge through the means of a band tee and middle-parted tresses - ‘90s Kate Moss was (and will forever be) our style muse.The Croydon girl first won over our attention in her debut spread for British mag, The Face, photographed by legendary image-maker Corinne Day. Cue a series of high-profile fashion shoots and campaigns and before you know it, Moss had established a name for herself.Inspiring a generation of copy-cats over the decade, Kate’s quite frankly inimitable wardrobe rose to fame alongside the young model’s profile. Hailed as the fashion founder of the boho aesthetic (yes, she obtained the role long before Sienna Miller), Kate’s every move was photographed.Be it trudging through the Glasto mud or sauntering about the streets of South London, ‘90s Kate introduced us to the sartorial art of effortless chic. And just like that, the days of try-hard dressing were well and truly over. Ironic, as we now pay homage to the '90s icon every time we meticulously layer a slip dress over a white tee and absent-mindedly don a leopard faux fur coat with a slogan-emblazoned top.Almost three decades on, Kate’s aesthetic still holds influence over even the most dedicated followers of fashion. So this season, channel the ‘90s style muse with the guidance of the five staple sartorial rules we learnt from Kate Moss.First brought to our attention in the early nineties by Moss, the microbag was as big a cult phenomenon in the '90s as the choker. But like the latter, trends often have a habit of going full circle. So it's safe to say we haven't seen the last of shrunken arm candy. We'd be fibbing if we told you that we don't regret ever shunning our retro miniature hand-candy in favour of buckle bags and cross-body silhouettes. So do Kate proud and pair a flared sleeved jumper with bell-bottom trousers and a Moss-inspired mini this season.Without question the most iconic staple in Moss's wardrobe, the slip dress. Nobody has, and probably ever will, be able to compete with Kate when it comes to the nineties cult garment. Come on, the sheer slip she's pictured in with fellow Super Naomi Campbell was plastered across everyone's teen Tumblr page. But it was Moss who also introduced us to the art of sartorial layering. We're talking a crisp white slogan tee lying beneath a black, silky spaghetti-strap dress. Finish with Adidas lace-ups and you've penned a love letter to Kate's wardrobe.We don't know anyone else who 'owns' a print. But Kate most definitely has dibs on leopard. How many retro images have you pinned of the model donning the iconic print? Case closed. The model is responsible for introducing us to the Supreme tee juxtaposed against a faux fur coat and ever since, we've been buying scuff-bottom jeans and slogan tops in abundance. To finish the look? Seek inspo from Moss and drape a leopard number across your shoulders. Trust us, it's Insta-worthy.The androgynous two-piece has undoubtedly infiltrated the fashion scene over the past few years. But it was Kate who donned tailored co-ords before we truly believed they could ever be considered a trend. We should have listened. Channel '90s Moss with a double-breasted co-ord and trainer combo this season. Opt for bubble gum pink and tackle two trends in one fell swoop. Remember, a simple white tee tucked into straight-cut trousers still works as well today as it did in the nineties.It's the ultimate fashion staple. Every woman requires one. Or in Kate's case, a few. The most iconic LBD Moss has ever owned made its debut on the red carpet almost three decades ago but Kate's feather trimmed cold-shoulder dress still makes an impression on us today. So scrape your tresses into a slick top-knot and bare your shoulders in a little black dress - it's enough to make Kate proud.READ MORE: The Party Dressing Rules We Learned From Kate MossREAD MORE: 14 Of Winona Ryder's Most Iconic '90s Fashion Moments© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...With the tagline ‘The Perfect Fit’, Miaou (pronounced like the purr of a cat) is the magical American trouser brand that’s designed to flatter everyone. In the post-skinny jean world that we live in, the label’s Paris-born, LA-raised designer Alexia Elkaim has made a curve-loving style for the girl with a bit of booty in the back.Former V Magazine and CR Fashion Book intern Elkaim was raised on a diet of thrifting. As the step-daughter of Joie, Equipment and Current/Elliot’s creative director Serge Azria (who is the brother of BCBG’s Max), Elkaim would join her stepfather on frequent flea market research missions around the world. It was after one discouraging trip to a vintage store in Paris that the idea for Miaou was born. Elkaim recalls feeling dejected by a pair of too narrow, too long Jean Paul Gaultier jeans - this led her to wonder if she could recreate the quality and construction of French tailoring but in a style that would be universally loved.Using the proportions of her comelier friends, she created a shape that gives everyone’s bum, tum and hips the fit they want. ‘Miaou Jeans hug every woman the same; all shapes and sizes,’ Elkaim says. ‘I like to think of them as jeans for girls who wear dresses, because of the feminine style’.All six Miaou styles are cropped and comfortably high-rise with grommets at the waist that are used to thread figure-cinching rope and chain belt’s through. Like a breath of fresh air in a market that’s brimming with boyfriend and frayed jeans, they look sharp enough for the office and sleek enough for Saturday night. Since launching in August last year, Miaou’s fan base has already become a who’s who of Instagram It Girls. Here’s how her biggest fans wear theirs…Credit: Instagram @Miaouxx_Take on the cornerstone of the corporate dress code and give it swagger with a top Linda Lovelace would have approved of.Credit: Instagram @atlantabean Take a leaf out of Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor’s playbook and give your Miaou’s a Camden Market twist with a dangling chain link belt.Credit: Instagram @miaouxx_ There’s no need to breathe in or contort your body to show off your womanly curves with Miaou, just add an off-the-shoulder Bardot top.Credit: Instagram @Miaouxx_Elkaim designed her trousers to be as versatile as possible, so follow Paloma’s lead and be James Dean sexy in a white tee or embrace the comfort factor in a warm polo-neck jumper.Credit: Instagram @Miaouxx_Add teen angst to tailored trousers with a tucked in hoodie and a dose of hard-nosed attitude.Credit: Instagram @Miaouxx_Look smoking hot without lighting a cigarette with a silk camisole. Plus, swap out Miaou’s signature rope and chain belts with a thick, glossy ribbon for a romantic feel.Like this? Then you might also be interested in:2017: The Year You (Maybe) Get Really Good At DressingWorkwear That’s Not Boring And Is Actually On TrendIs This The Best Fashion Campaign Of 2017 (So Far)??Follow Lucy on Instagram @lucyalicemorrisThis article originally appeared on The Debrief.© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)Ad is loading...Taylor Hill has taken the modelling world by storm over the past few years, and it's no surprise. Her look isn't just model-pretty, it's other-wordly: the feline blue eyes, the thick brows à la Cara and the pillow lips have made her a face to be remembered. And of course, her beauty hasn't gone unnoticed; already Taylor has fronted big campaigns such as Fendi, walked for Chanel and Giorgio Armani (to name just two), is a Victoria's Secret Angel and, as of last year, became the youngest ever face of Lancôme.So, who is the Illinois-native? Here's everything you need to know.Taylor Marie Hill was born on March 5th 1996, making her 20-years-old.Hill was born in Palatine, Illinois and raised in Arvada, Colorado with three siblings. As a child she trained as a gymnast, as well enjoying typical Colaradan pastimes such as snowboarding and horse-riding. She graduated from Pomona High School in Arvada, Colorado when she was 16-years-old.In an interview with The Sunday Times Style Taylor described herself as 'painfully shy' growing up. 'When you're shy, you don't have a lot of friends,' she said. 'That's how it is.'To aid her shyness IMG sent her to improv classes, which - along with coming of age in the world of high fashion - she considers responsible for developing her confidence.Taylor's height is 5'9.In 2011, when she was 14-years-old, Taylor was scouted in a horse ranch during a riding lesson in her hometown of Granby, Colorado, by Jim Jordan - an agent and photographer. She was quickly signed to IMG Models and was being flown to Europe for modelling jobs before the age of 15.Soon she was beginning to be picked up by big names: in 2013 she was featured in Intimissimi's catalog and was in print campaigns for Forever 21. Also that year she had her catwalk debut, walking for Ralph Lauren and Roksanda Illincic.Since then she has walked for the likes of Kenzo, Valentino, Emporio Armani, DKNY, Chanel, Dolce and Gabbana, Elie Saab, Karl Lagerfeld, and more.She has appeared in advertising campaigns for Versus, Miu Miu, Michael Kors, Armani Privé, Jimmy Choo, and many more, and has also represented retail giants such as H&M and Topshop. Last year she became the face of Topshop's autumn collection, meaning she was practically ubiquitous.She has appeared in editorials for American, French, Spanish, Norwegian, and Mexican Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, French, Dutch, and Australian Elle, W, Madame Figaro, Dazed, LOVE, Russian Número, Glamour and Italian Marie Claire.Hill is reported to have earned $4 million last year, and based on her earnings in 2015 was named the youngest person on the Forbes top-earning model list. She also won the 'Model of the Year' award in 2015 at the Fashion Media Awards.Taylor first walked in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2014, and in 2015 she was awarded her Victoria's Secret Angel Wings.She reportedly earned $1.5 million for her duties as a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2015.When asked what the biggest misconception people make about Victoria's Secret models, Taylor took the opportunity refute the assumption that VS models don't eat. 'I eat 3,000 calories a day before the VS show,' she said. 'Three thousand! There's no way you can look like that and don't eat. You would die. Victoria's Secret girls are like athletes. We're like Olympians. We're strong.'Taylor's three siblings have also gained traction in the wake of her fame (and it's no secret that the modelling world loves attractive siblings). Her sister Mackinley, 19, and her brother Chase, 17, are now also signed to IMG, and the oldest sister Logan Rae, 22, has chosen to make her fame in the fashion world behind the camera as a photographer. Move over Jenners and Hadids...Logan Rae, Taylor, Mckinley and Chase. Photograph: @taylor_hillTaylor lives in New York with her 31-year-old boyfriend Michael Stephen Shank - a former model and actor. The pair have been dating for more than a year, but before his relationship with Taylor, Michael was briefly linked to another VS angel - Gigi Hadid.Taylor and Michael. Photograph: @michaelstephenshankTaylor has amassed a hefty 6.7 million followers on Instagram. She posts snaps of her daily life as well as modelling shots. Follow her handle for a dose of the model: @taylor_hill.Follow Taylor on Twitter: @TaylorMarieHill.READ MORE: Taylor Hill Announced As The New Face Of Topshop© 1962-2019 Bauer Media GroupBauer Media Group consists of: Bauer Consumer Media Ltd, Company number: 01176085, Bauer Radio Ltd, Company Number: 1394141Registered Office: Media House, Peterborough Business Park, Lynch Wood, Peterborough, PE2 6EA H Bauer Publishing,Company Number: LP003328Registered Office: Academic House, 24-28 Oval Road, London, NW1 7DT.All registered in England and Wales. VAT no 918 5617 01Bauer Consumer Media Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA(Ref No. 710067)