 Looking for an original gift for your fashion obsessed friend? A designer AirPods case is the best gift idea for every stylish person on your shopping list. This holiday season, here at L’Officiel USA, we want to help make your gift-giving go as smoothly as possible.  To that end, we’ve rounded up the best designer AirPods cases for you to consider  - from Gucci to Bottega Veneta to Dior, these are the chicest gift you can give all holiday season. For some, the holiday season means snow, hot chocolate, and snuggling by the fire, but it's also a great excuse to snag one of the hottest accessories of the moment for yourself or someone you love. Whether on Black Friday or as a last-minute gift, grab one of the below designer AirPods cases for all the fashionable, AirPods-obsessed people on your list. Ah, Gucci. This adorable designer AirPods case is a mix of traditional Gucci style and floral patterns, which is fitting considering all the luxurious floral fragrances the brand has been launching. It features gold-toned hardware and is sure to be a crowd-pleaser. Gucci also has a more classic version for $250, but it’s currently only available for pre-order. When in doubt, go for florals.  Gucci Airpods Case, $280, Saks Fifth Avenue ​​​​​​This AirPods case is adorable. I mean it: when I looked at it, I immediately said, “aww.” Anyway, this zip-up, blue Dior case is the perfect gift for your favorite AirPods owner. It’s the ideal way for them to jazz up and personalize their headphones.  Oblique AirPods Case, $360, Dior I know I just said that the Dior case was the cutest thing ever, but this case is so precious in a different way. Basically a mini handbag, this Bottega Veneta case is honestly too adorable not to buy. They also make a men’s version, but it’s far less adorable (obviously). (Anyone want to buy me one? And also some AirPods to put in the case?). AirPods Case, $560, Bottega Veneta ​​​​​​This unisex Burberry case is a simple and elegant design, sure to please even the pickiest of shoppers. Voilà! A plain, black, leather designer AirPods case with gold accents. What’s not to like? Grainy Leather AirPod Case, $210, Burberry One of the more expensive options on our list, this Bulgari case might just be worth the extra dollars. It’s sleek and gold (shiny!), with a classic Serpenti closure, perfect for your more eccentric friends. Or maybe something for you to gift yourself. Hey, we don’t judge.  Serpenti Forever AirPods Case, $680, Bulgari This no-fuss, leather Ferragamo case is truly great. Unlike most of the others on this list, it doesn’t have a chain, but rather just a simple key ring to attach it to your belt or your bag. Just hook it on, and you’re good to go. Gancini AirPods Case, $250, Ferragamo ​​​​​​We wrote about this designer AirPods case when news of it dropped back in October, so obviously we had to include it on this gift ideas list. A mini trunk in classic LV style: what else could you ask for? The brand does make their own AirPods, too, but this case is for whoever didn't drop $995 on those and instead stuck to Apple. How kind of them. Louis Vuitton, Price TBD If you’re like much of America, chances are you spend some time on Thanksgiving morning watching the Macy’s parade. With all the themed balloons and all-star performances, it’s a fun, wholesome way to kick off the holiday season while you enjoy a lazy breakfast with family or prep for the main event. Over its 93 years, the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade has become a beloved event for many, including Billy Porter. The triple-threat is making history this year by performing atop the inaugural Coach float, which is the first time a luxury fashion brand has had a presence in the parade. The float is called “Rexy in the City” and features the house’s iconic dinosaur amidst a glittery, carnival-style version of New York, and there couldn’t be a better star to mark the moment than Porter, who has been a local celebrity since long before Pose brought him into the mainstream spotlight, thanks to decades on Broadway. Ahead of the parade, we caught up with the talent, who seemed excited about the experience. “I haven’t actually seen the float yet, but everyone loves dinosaurs,” he said. “I’m going to be three stories up, so I’m not going to be looking down much.” And while Porter is excited about the over-the-top fun, there’s another, much more practical reason that he is ready for the parade. “Performing last time was fun, but it was cold,” he said, referring to six years ago, when he performed a Kinky Boots medley while starring in the award-winning show. “I was out there in a minidress. This time, I’m excited to be performing in actual clothes.” Clothes are one of the first things that come to mind when the world thinks of Porter, as he has redefined men’s fashion with the maximalist looks he has worn at awards shows, on magazine covers, and pretty much everywhere he goes. It’s hard to forget the Christian Siriano tuxedo dress he wore on the Oscars red carpet, the campy “Old Testament Realness” that he served in collaboration with the Blonds at this year’s Met Gala, or the glittery Michael Kors suit (and coordinating asymmetrical Stephen Jones Millinery chapeau) he sported when picking up a Lead Actor Emmy for Pose. Porter’s fashion track record is almost as impressive as the fact that he is just one letter away from having an EGOT (read: someone find him the perfect movie role, stat). Obviously, this means he had a full-blown look (Coach, of course) in store for the parade, and while it is thankfully practical for a brisk November day, you won’t miss him in a crowded room. Along with leather jeans, platform boots, and a shearling coat covered in the brand’s signature Cs, the New York icon is wearing a glittery gold cap with a massive pom-pom, because of course he is. It’s the sparkliest way to go big or go home (or, with this being Thanksgiving and all, do both). When it came to deciding just what he would perform on the Coach float, Porter had his work cut out for him. “It’s my #1 dance song,” he says of why he chose “Love Yourself,” which debuted earlier this year and topped Billboard’s Dance Club charts in September. “If I didn’t have a #1 dance song, maybe I would do something different, but this was perfect.” With the parade kicking off the holiday season, Porter is excited about the time to rest that awaits him. That makes perfect sense, considering the busy year he has had with the success of Pose. Helping to show the diverse experiences of LGBTQ people of color in the 1980s alongside a cast including Indya Moore and Mj Rodriguez has meant a lot to the talent, who became the first openly gay black man to win an Emmy lead acting award thanks to his work on the show. He’s excited to keep telling those stories as the show heads towards season three with an ever-increasing amount of attention, but in the meantime, he’s embracing the opportunity for R&R. Just what will Porter be doing with his holiday free time? First up is a feast with his family, which he emphasizes is an all-out African American Thanksgiving meal. His other plans include going to see some good movies—he loves how so many Oscar contenders premiere at this time of year—and catching a few Broadway shows. “If you’re in New York, Thanksgiving weekend is a good time to see a show,” he says. He has plans to see Moulin Rouge and is also excited about Hadestown (the much-hyped reigning Tony champ for Best Musical, if you haven’t heard), but otherwise is waiting on his busy schedule to wind down so he can look into what to catch up on. However, one thing Porter won’t be putting too much thought into is what he wears for holiday activities. He actually loves how the family-oriented season creates a low-pressure environment, and his top holiday style tip is to keep it simple. So while the style icon anticipates looking sharp for each event, he plans on being spontaneous about it—when we spoke, he actually hadn’t even decided on an outfit for a dinner that night. Of course, Porter is already thinking about fashion for the upcoming awards season, and surely is working with some top designers on avant-garde red carpet moments. “I have a lot of amazing things planned that I’m not going to tell you about!” he says. So while we will have to wait a bit longer for that, in the meantime his fun parade performance (and equally exciting outfit) have provided some quality content to view again and again. As we have been continually marveling over, Louis Vuitton has a penchant for bringing us the mini accessories we never knew we needed. First, there were their own AirPods (because it's necessary to one-up the rich kids of Twitter), and then a wearable case for Apple's classic version of the wireless earphones (why not?). Now, the heritage house, which has also proven to be a master of hype, is going all-in on the mini bag trend with two new releases. Heading into 2020 with the onslaught of music festival announcements on the horizon, LV has released the two tiny bags you never knew you needed. First up is a Louis Vuitton mini backpack, shrunk down even further so it fits on a bracelet. But if that's not tiny enough for you, there's also a wristlet fanny pack, so you can literally carry the revival of the '90s and early aughts on your wrist. Inspiring. The new bags are called the Palm Springs Bracelet and the Bumbag Bracelet respectively, which is a testament to just how small they are—though the new duo technically comprises a Louis Vuitton mini backpack and fanny pack, you might think of them more as some jewelry with extra storage. They're actually smaller versions of existing bags, and retail for $730 each at select Louis Vuitton locations. By mini bag standards, these seem pretty roomy—they seem to have the potential to hold both of your AirPods (the Mini Chiquito only fits one), and they are most definitely bigger than the tiny Valentino purse that Lizzo carried to the AMAs.  The bags are part of Vuitton's Spring 2020 collection, and they're perfect for holding your Coachella essentials (providing they all fit, that is). While you won't be able to fit your reusable water bottle or plastic straw alternatives, we could see plenty of festival-goers stuffing their Louis Vuitton mini backpack to the brim with earbuds, a couple of essential cards, and a mini container of Altoids. If you wear your AirPods case around your neck, maybe you can even fit a lipstick! So here's to a very fun 2020 full of tiny yet multifunctional accessories. Scrolling through Justine Skye’s Instagram profile, there’s one thing that’s apparent—this girl is cool. Her page is a raw, real glimpse into her life, boasting photos with Kendall Jenner and Hailey Bieber, Halloween fit pics, and mirror selfies juxtaposed with red carpet glam and sultry song snippets. Her confidence is obvious, and her positivity is infectious.  Skye has been a staple across social media platforms for years, getting her start on Tumblr as a purple-haired 16-year-old who went by the screen name The Purple Unicorn. Now, nearly a decade later, the rapper and model can add a new title to her repertoire: designer.  In collaboration with H&M, Justine Skye has released a dreamy 17-piece collection that’s a perfect personification of her own style. With pieces like bike shorts and cloud print one-pieces, the collaboration was inspired by everything from Skye’s childhood in Brooklyn to Princess Diana’s iconic '90s looks. “I am a big advocate for being comfortable but also fashionable and cute at the same time,” she said about the collection.  L’Officiel USA spoke with Skye about the inspiration behind the collection, her thoughts on Euphoria makeup, and more. Read the interview below.   When you first started brainstorming for your collection, what was your vision? What did you want to accomplish with it?  What I really wanted to accomplish with this collection was just giving people a sense of who I am and where I came from. You can see with the patterns in the collection, some of them are a play on my last name, Skye. For the sweatsuit, I was born in 1995 so I just contributed that aspect as well as some slogans that I noticed while growing up in Brooklyn. That’s where the “How Sweet” slogan came from because when you entered Brooklyn on the highway, it used to say, “How sweet it is." I wanted to pay homage to where I’m from and my culture as well. In Jamaican culture, we love patterns and colors and I wanted it to be as vibrant as it could be but still in season. We chose to do a sky blue, just because it’s a beautiful color. In the plaid, we chose to do some darker colors. In the all-over prints, too, they’re something that I saw a lot of growing up and being in Jamaica. We love patterns and love to have an all-over fit. I wanted to bring that aspect into the collection as much as possible. Were you inspired by any specific designers or styles for the pieces? Not specifically any designers, but with the athleisure aspect of it, I love to be comfortable. I love to present that to other people because sometimes fashion can be extremely uncomfortable. I am a big advocate for being comfortable but also fashionable and cute at the same time. So, with this collection, we made it sporty and kind of athleisure-inspired, which I got in part from seeing paparazzi photos of Princess Diana in her biker shorts and sweaters. That’s what inspired the sweatshirt and the biker shorts.    You’re from Brooklyn—how did growing up in New York influence your sense of style? I’d say it influenced my sense of style by allowing me to be free and creative and not to be boxed in. I wouldn’t give a title as to what my style is because it’s still growing every day. What I would say is that it’s very emotion-based, and most of the time I like to be comfortable and wear something that is eye-catching.    Your generation is one that came of age on Tumblr and social media. How has the internet impacted your vision for the things that you want to create? It’s probably inspired me in the same way that New York has, that it can be distracting because there are so many different things that we can pay attention to. You can describe it as being a palette of so many different things and cultures and colors, so you can make it whatever you want it to be. It’s another platform you can use to express yourself and try different things.    Do you have any favorite fashion or beauty social media trends right now? For me, I like to keep it simple as much as I can. Maybe just a pop of color every now and then. I know that everyone is super into the crystals and everything that are popular in makeup now, the Euphoria makeup. I guess what’s made me inspired is the minimalistic, abstract beauty things. Like, different shaped eyeliners and using different colored blushes. Really experimenting with it, because it’s cooler. It’s cool to be minimal but have something pop. Like, oh, wow, that’s a cool line right there even though it’s just one line. It brings it all together. What did you learn from making Bare With Me? This EP is my first release independently. It’s been my best release. Something that I realized from this is to follow my instincts, believing in myself, and things happen for a reason. I’m not upset about anything that happened in my past that brought me to who I am today. It was an awakening to see the reactions from everyone else to the music. It’s really about trusting myself.    You’ve been playing shows for the EP for the past couple of weeks. What’s your favorite part about performing live? My favorite part about performing live is just my interaction with the crowd. Being an artist is one of the most beautiful things that you can be, whether you’re a visual artist or whatever it is, you’re able to touch so many people around the world that you didn’t even know. You’re basically helping them get through a moment or inspiring them to be better, and it’s such a great opportunity and a great place to be, to be able to inspire other people unintentionally. You just want to express yourself. In doing that, you’ve touched someone.    The crowds look like they know all of the lyrics and they’re singing along with you while you’re performing, which seems like it would be such a cool experience. Yeah. Hearing people recite your lyrics… I don’t know any other feeling like that.  What’s something that you have to have in the green room? Like, what has to be there when you get there? Something that needs to be in there is tea. I always drink throat coat tea just to get me prepared. Also, Twizzlers. Licorice is really good for your voice, and it’s a really tasty treat. It just distracts me from my nerves, I’ll play around with a couple of Twizzlers.    What are you listening to right now?  Something that I’ve had on repeat is that new Frank Ocean song, “In My Room.”   Do you have any plans for the end of the year or for the holiday season? Well, right now, I’m working on my next project, which is going so great. I’m really excited about that. I’m excited to see the reactions from everyone about the collection. I’m also dropping some visuals soon to go with the EP. Even though the past fashion month saw designers showing their Spring 2020 collections, it’s still somehow hard to believe that we're on the brink of a new decade. It’s been a whirlwind—as all decades are—though it was faster than ever before as internet culture reached a new height. But if you need a reminder it’s also been really long: ten years ago, we were reading print magazines, wearing neon jeans, and marveling over brand-new sensations like Lady Gaga and Zendaya. Oh yeah, and New York Fashion Week happened inside some tents in the middle of Bryant Park. So much has happened over this decade that it can be hard to remember which moments rocked the world the most, but we’ve picked out ten that no one can forget, whether due to their viral qualities or the way they irreversibly changed fashion. We do not claim this list is entirely definitive—there were so many important happenings that it was hard to narrow it down—but the below, at least, give a tiny glimpse into how far the industry has come in the past ten years. Get ready to take a very chic (and sometimes cringeworthy) trip down memory lane. Alexander McQueen's Death Starting off on a serious note, the decade began with the premature loss of Alexander McQueen, just weeks before his Fall 2010 show was set to happen. After a long mental struggle, the designer known for his wildly creative shows—no one can forget the mirrors (and plot twist) from VOSS or the time robots spray-painted Shalom Harlow for Spring 1999—he tragically died by suicide, leaving the industry shaken.  McQueen’s team went on with presenting his final collection a month later, though it was a small, somber affair as private groups witnessed the ornate beauty of his 80-percent-complete vision. And though his house has lived on under Sarah Burton, and his image has survived through plenty of tributes and a recent documentary, the creative hole that his loss left—dark as his visions may have been—remains. Lady Gaga’s Meat Dress at the 2010 VMAs Remember when Lady Gaga wasn’t an Oscar-winning film guru with an Amazon beauty brand? Well, I certainly do as an admitted stan since the beginning, but if you needed a reminder that Gaga’s stage name is much more than a Queen reference, nothing will bring that back like her dress made of raw flank steak. The infamous “meat dress” was the then-budding pop star’s look of choice for the VMAs in 2010, and it actually was a statement against the US military’s “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy. It was the biggest moment of an era when LG was showing up to awards shows inside of eggs and shocking the world with her avant-garde headpieces. 
The dress has its own Wikipedia page, and it defined what the world thought of Gaga’s style pretty much until she reinvented herself with a slew of glamorous gowns while promoting A Star is Born. And while we recently learned that the triple threat’s Valentino dress from the Golden Globes wound up at an auction after a housekeeper discovered it in a hotel room, the whereabouts of her sartorial steak are a little less discussed. Ultimately, it didn’t rot: taxidermists preserved it as a type of jerky, and it went on display at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2011. This revelation makes us wonder why the dress failed to make its way to “Camp: Notes on Fashion” when it’s one of the campiest things of all. Sigh. Angelina Jolie’s Leg Pose at the 2012 Oscars Years before Taylor Swift insured her legs for $40 million, a limb of Angelina Jolie’s broke the internet. At the 2012 Oscars, the actress hit the red carpet in a black Atelier Versace dress with a side slit, which seemed like a classic glamour moment until everyone analyzed how she was posing. There was Jolie’s right leg, stealing all the attention as she popped it out of the skirt. The event spawned plenty of talk and parodies (two leg slits!!), and while it’s unclear exactly why this outshone all the other times celebrities have posed to emphasize a single bare leg, it’s become the one we can instantly reference. And if you have gone formal dress shopping at any point since then, you know that side slits are everywhere now, though all too many are not as chic as Jolie’s, as I learned the hard way ahead of attending the Oliviers in 2017. I can’t help but think we have the Maleficent: Mistress of Evil star to blame for this phenomenon. Rihanna's 2015 Met Gala Look Ten years ago, most people thought of Rihanna as just a music artist. Can you believe? Anyway, about a decade into her career, the Barbados-born musician we all know and love decided to expand her horizons and take over the fashion world as well, because of course she did. We would pinpoint the rough start of this to the 2014 CFDAs, when she stunned in a Swarovski-covered dress by Adam Selman, but RiRi the style icon truly blew up a year later, when she showed up to the Met Gala in a maximalist, fur-trimmed yellow gown by Guo Pei. The glamorous “China: Through the Looking Glass” ensemble marked the beginning of an era in which the bad gal has dominated each Met theme—think when she wore Comme Des Garçons to Rei Kawakubo’s year (obviously, because nothing else would suffice) or her papal look for “Heavenly Bodies”—and keeps us guessing about what she will wear next.   The rest, as they say, is history—Fenty x Puma, Fenty Beauty, Savage x Fenty, a lot of trademarks we’re still waiting to hear more about, and most recently Fenty, the brand that marks LVMH’s first house in decades and a history-making moment for the music star-cum-entrepreneur, who became the first black woman to collaborate with the conglomerate on a new line. Would she have gotten here without the Guo Pei moment? Honestly, probably, but it certainly created a viral spark to make Rihanna irrevocably a fashion icon. Now, where is R9? All the Yeezy Drops Just like Rihanna, Kanye West entered the 2010s as pretty much just a musician. Though he had experimented with fashion a little bit during the aughts (remember his Louis Vuitton shoes and his Fendi internship?), the rapper’s true transformation into designer happened around the turn of the decade, when he launched his first Yeezys in collaboration with Adidas. Fast-forward a few years later and West had become a veritable king among hypebeasts, with regular limited shoe drops that spawned ultralong lines (both physical and virtual) as well as a Yeezy clothing line, with the collections of which making memorable debuts in places like Madison Square Garden and Kim Kardashian’s Instagram. Now, the wave-making multi-hyphenate is getting a fresh start, instead drawing attention through Jesus Is King, Sunday Service, and a corresponding clothing line, but we will never forget that one friend we all had who planned their lives around the shoe drops.  Dior and Givenchy Appoint Their First Female Artistic Directors For a field so commonly associated with femininity, fashion has been awfully dominated by male designers. Of course, this isn’t to lump said designers into a box, but it goes without saying that it’s a bit unbalanced to be marketing something towards women without many, well, actual women having a say.  We still have so far to go in this realm, but the 2010s did see two female designers make history at the helm of France’s biggest fashion houses. The first of these was Maria Grazia Chiuri, who became the artistic director of Dior in 2016 following Raf Simons’ departure. Her work has touched upon feminist themes and targeted a younger clientele, certainly making a mark on the septuagenarian brand. A year later, Clare Waight Keller made history when she replaced Riccardo Tisci at Givenchy, and highlights of her acclaimed work over the past two-and-a-half years include an Audrey Hepburn-inspired couture collection and a royal wedding dress (more on that later). Kaia Gerber’s Cindy Crawford Walk at Alexander Wang Spring 2018 There’s been an undeniable wave of ‘90s obsession over the past few years. And while it was a given that designers could bring back the tiny sunglasses and wild neons that defined the end of the millennium, it’s a bit harder to replicate a specific person’s cultural place. Lo and behold, Cindy Crawford gave birth to her clone, allowing for nostalgia and new excitement all at once.  Though Kaia Gerber made her runway debut at Calvin Klein just after turning 16 (AKA coming of modeling age), the internet really noticed the déjà-vu they were experiencing a couple of days later, at Alexander Wang’s #WANGFEST (otherwise known as the Spring 2018 extravaganza where he sent models on a bus to Tribeca, Astor Place, and Bushwick). The young model opened the show in a simple white going-out dress with a studded accent on the side, but what really stood out was her walk, which went all over the internet as everyone realized she was Cindy Crawford Part 2. People compared videos, noting everything from the way her hips swayed to her flowing mane, and she rode the fast track to supermodeldom. Now, Gerber is still one of the industry’s biggest models, and though her Guido Palau “drama cut” helps to differentiate her from her famous mom, the duo regularly makes appearances together, satisfying everyone’s nostalgia cravings. To boot, all the ‘90s supermodels have somewhat made a comeback, so even beyond this doppelgänger moment, no one ever has to look far to see their pre-Y2K favorites in action. The Royal Wedding Dresses This decade, both of the UK’s highest-profile young princes got married, which means—you guessed it—two unforgettable wedding dresses. Maybe this is when you remember just how long ago the start of the decade was, as though it feels like William and Kate have been married forever with their full-blown family and all, they only wed back in 2011. The now-Duchess of Cambridge had become a style icon while dating the prince, so all eyes were on what she would wear down the aisle. Her ultimate choice? An elegant v-neck gown by Burton for McQueen, along with her long hair worn down. Kate still collaborates with the designer on important looks to this day, and it’s hard to think of one without the other. Seven years later, Meghan Markle left an American-Canadian life of acting and lifestyle blogging behind to marry Harry, and she unsurprisingly did so in style—publications were writing about the “Meghan Markle Effect,” through which clothing she wears sells out almost immediately, since well before the big day. (A similar phenomenon happened with Kate.) She went with a boatneck Givenchy number that Waight Keller designed, sparking her own lasting partnership and creating a moment that was meaningful all around, from the British designer for an international house to the commonwealth flowers on her veil. Both of the above moments were so massive that it’s unsurprising that the designers behind them have also wound up in other places on this list. Karl Lagerfeld's Death The start of 2019 got the industry talking when Karl Lagerfeld failed to emerge for the Chanel Haute Couture bows due to health reasons. Not long after, he passed away in Paris right in the middle of fashion month, creating a commotion just days before the designer (and veritable fashion powerhouse) was set to send his Fendi Fall 2019 collection down the runway. Ever busy as he planned dozens of shows a year, Lagerfeld always said he would never retire, and this proved true, as he gave last-minute instructions to his team from his deathbed. If you’re at all oriented with this world, you couldn’t have missed the news—on that morning, I spent 40 minutes scrolling through Instagram before seeing a single post about anything other than Lagerfeld. That’s all to emphasize the massive impact his loss left: after over 30 years running a minimum of three fashion houses at once (Chanel, Fendi, and his eponymous brand), he had become larger-than-life, almost as much so as his maximalist creations. Naturally, that means the runway shows that followed became tributes of sorts, and though his first memorial was private, an industry-wide event was planned for that summer. Now, the world has been on the edge of their seats as Virginie Viard and Silvia Venturini Fendi figure out how to meld Lagerfeld’s influence with their own visions, and a Met exhibition surrounding the late designer’s work is a possibility for 2022. Lagerfeld’s death was undeniably the biggest moment of the year, if not of the decade, and it will be some time before fashion fully adjusts to life without him. Versace Brings Back the J.Lo Jungle Dress Donatella Versace has a way of creating viral moments. How could you not when your brand is built around maximalism and supermodels? Anyway, as we all know, one of her most viral moments was when she designed a Grammys dress for J.Lo back in 2000, and the plunging neckline caused so much interest that Google Image Search became a thing. Nearly two decades later, Versace brought back the jungle print made famous on that dress via a tribute collection. The nightlife-ready looks and supermodel cast (Gigi! Irina! A blonde Kendall!) were fun enough, but Donatella shook it up at the end of the show by sending J.Lo herself out in a new version of the iconic dress. The crowd went wild, and so did the internet mere minutes later, creating a moment that truly won fashion month. The runway walk struck our nostalgic culture at its core, which was the perfect way to (almost) cap off 2019. Amina Muaddi's shoe designs are helping to bring the fun back to fashion. Amidst a swing back to maximalism evident through Euphoria makeup and trends including florals and animal print, her signature heels are making sure that chic eccentricity goes from head to toe. Her recognizable creations have become an Instagram hit, showing up in posts from the Hadids, the Jenners, and more alongside going-out looks and Savage X Fenty lingerie alike. Best known for her kick-flare heels, which she described as a force of “beauty, passion, and desire” to MyTheresa, Muaddi’s eponymous footwear line features vibrant colors and holographic designs, a testament to the brand's sultry and playful party-shoe aesthetic. As for a trademark, the designer’s recognizable geometric heel adds a distinctive touch to her styles.  Growing up between Jordan, Romania, and Italy, Muaddi developed an eye for what tastemakers around the world truly want: a perfect blend of effortless glamour, impeccable craftsmanship, and fashion-forward style. The color palette and shape provide something refreshing to fashion, but the shoes also feel like a new classic, not specific to a season or trend. After studying at the European Institute of Design in Milan and styling stints for publications like L’Uomo Vogue and GQ, Muaddi found designing shoes to be the perfect expression of her creative vision. She challenged herself to learn her new trade from the essentials, taking off to the Riviera del Brenta, Italy’s storied shoe-making district. There, she worked with world-class artisans and suppliers to develop each and every one of her shoes’ 40-50 components. She co-founded her first shoe brand, Oscar Tiye, in Milan, then moved to Paris, where she collaborated with French couturier Alexandre Vauthier on the launch of his eponymous shoe line, which she designs to this day. Muaddi then launched her own eponymous label in 2018, at the age of 31. Her start was so strong that she won the 2018 FN Achievement Award for Launch of the Year, giving an emotional speech at the event about what success has meant to her. “For a girl who comes where I come from, to be here, to be able to live my dreams and inspire Middle Eastern women to live their own dreams and be able to dress women I could have never imagined I’d be able to dress, it’s an honor,” she explained at the awards show. It's easy to see why Muaddi's designs have achieved awards and internet acclaim, as her shoes' modern glamour and fluted heels are the perfect fit for today’s tastemaker. Muaddi usually only produces one collection a year, then releases these designs to select retailers and her website on a monthly basis. She has cleverly kept the distribution of her shoes, which can largely be characterized as “hyper sexy," extremely limited, feeding the digital frenzy that has fed the success of drops from brands like Fenty and Yeezy. The shoes are the embodiment of contemporary luxury: timeless quality meets cutting-edge design. It’s no surprise that she’s been scooped up by everyone from Browns to Net-a-Porter, so expect to see plenty more of her in the near future.  Muaddi is just one example of a new breed of creatives turning their Instagram influence into a mainstream fashion industry presence. Alongside the likes of Caroline Daur and Attico’s Giorgia Tordini and Gilda Ambrosio, the fashion insider has turned her captivating style into a full-fledged business. Though there has long been a divide in fashion between traditional designers and editors and the new talents making their names through social media-first concepts, it's clear as the world changes that this line is getting ever more blurred. Here's to seeing how Muaddi's viral shoes continue to make their mark in the new decade, both on celebrity Instagrams and in the fashion industry in general. Riccardo Tisci has been at the helm of Burberry for a few seasons now. Slowly but surely, he has melded his sensual vision with the house's British heritage, creating a varied wardrobe for the modern Londoner that was especially evident through his recent Spring 2020 collection, which featured a progression of over 100 looks that he titled "Evolution." Additionally, the likes of Gigi Hadid and Irina Shayk recently starred in his Fall 2019 campaign, wearing artful trench coats by the sea as a contrasting vision by Nick Knight captured models recording video around a studio. From this, it's become clear that Tisci wants to display how Burberry can fit into different lifestyles and aesthetics, a theme that seems certain to come into much of his work moving forward. But though he's gotten into the nuances of what he wants to do as the chief creative officer, the Italian designer still had yet to explore a crucial element of running the brand: the holiday campaign. Today, that all changes, as Tisci is ringing in the festive season by having Mert and Marcus capture a diverse cast of Burberry favorites. Some notable names include Carla Bruni (because what is a fashion campaign without an iconic '90s supermodel?), Fran Summers (who closed the Spring 2020 show), and a host of creatives and models including Mahmood, Ikram Abdi Omar, and Boychild. Celebrating the spirit of union, hope, and love that is tangible around the holidays, the campaign is set against a white background and features photos of the cast in cool and sensual poses—that hug that got the world excited with Tisci's first campaign makes a comeback—as well as a video in which they dance around to "What Is Love?" by Deee-Lite. There are ethereal ears and wings, there are Santa Clauses, and there are plenty of the reimagined heritage pieces that make this such an exciting new era for Burberry. "I am connected to the idea of unity, togetherness and challenging the perception of what love is today," Tisci said of the concept behind the campaign. "This for me is the real spirit of the season. It’s one of my favorite times of the year – when I can stop, reflect and reconnect with those who make me feel happy and at home, no matter where I am in the world." The new campaign is a hint at the excitement to come, both over the holiday season and throughout future developments for Tisci at Burberry. With established models and young creatives from a range of backgrounds coming together to celebrate, the imagery displays a lively new moment at the house. Catch all the fun of the new campaign video below. The 2010s in fashion have been a trip, home to pregnant models, fake heads, and platform faux Crocs. Designers like Rihanna and Kanye West broke through into the scene. Chanel crashers, babies, and puppies graced the runway. These are just a few of the wildest fashion moments of the last decade, one that's been full of outrageous and over-the-top collections, runway shows, and extravagant designs. (Alongside the proliferation of Instagram culture, did we really expect anything less?) Brands like Moschino and Louis Vuitton showcased some of the most extreme designs we've ever seen, making their mark on fashion forever. The 2019 Met Gala even gave a nod to the ornamented and elaborate history of fashion with its theme, "Camp: Notes on Fashion." From Lady Gaga's multi-part transformation to Cardi B's luxurious dress train, this year's theme spotlighted the over-the-top nature of fashion. After all, what is couture if not extra? As 2019 comes to a close, we reflected on 15 of the most over-the-top (and often campy) moments from the runway over the past decade. To remember when Gigi Hadid dressed as a bouquet of flowers or when models wore literal balloons, check out our list below. In one of the most memorable collections in fashion history, Jeremy Scott made his debut at Moschino with a series of food-inspired looks for Fall 2014. McDonald’s and Hershey’s were two mouth-watering motifs that made their way into the collection, which ironically included a gown printed with nutritional information. Anyone else hungry?   In a move that rocked the fashion world, Gucci created replicas of models’ heads — hair and all — for them to carry like handbags down the runway. Whether you were grossed out or impressed by their lifeless, identical plastic faces, there’s no denying that the presentation of Gucci’s Fall 2018 collection was one of the most over-the-top moments of the decade.  Held at Madison Square Garden, Kanye West’s Yeezy Season 3 collection was a show-stopping testament to the rapper and designer’s showmanship. West’s models included fellow rappers Lil Yachty, Ian Connor, and Young Thug, adding some star power to the show. The show also functioned as an album release party, as West debuted his long-awaited project, The Life of Pablo, making it an event for the ages.   Moncler’s now-iconic trench puffers and printed vests are among the most intriguing fashion moments of the decade. Over the past year, the likes of Ezra Miller and Pharrell have pushed boundaries by wearing Moncler x Pierpaolo Piccioli coats, now one of the most recognizable silhouettes in fashion. The first Moncler Genius collaboration, which features a collection from Piccioli, makes for a truly memorable display of artistic innovation. Comme des Garçons perfected the two-dimensional with their Fall 2012 Ready-to-Wear collection, one that featured dozens of flat, felted looks that wouldn’t look out of place in a coloring book or aside paper dolls. Bright pinks and reds accentuate the construction paper vibes of the pieces, making a very campy statement that doesn’t fall flat (pun intended). Imagine the floor of a four-year-old girl’s bedroom, and that’s what Comme des Garçons’ Spring 2018 collection embodies, in the best way. Models walked with Hello Kitty tins, alligator toys, and ribbons, both in their hair and stuck to huge, asymmetrical red dresses. Some looks even featured Giuseppe Arcimboldo's vegetable faces, sending everyone who took an introductory art history class into a flashback. Needless to say, the collection embodies both the childlike and the obscure, two of the best kinds of over-the-top.   “I’m not shy, I just don’t like you.” “No photos please.” “Sorry I’m late, I didn’t want to come.” These are just a few of the very quotable sentences plastered on tulle gowns in Viktor and Rolf's Spring 2019 couture collection. Neon greens and pinks dotted the runway, but so did some rather brash messages, making for a very eyebrow-raising (and maybe eye-rolling) fashion moment. Featured in Balenciaga’s Spring 2018 collection was a pair of shoes that people still can't stop talking about over two years later—yellow and pink platform faux Crocs. The $850 rubber shoes took a luxury spin on the '00s classic, even featuring Balenciaga’s take on Jibbitz (Crocs’ name for the shoe charms that can decorate their many holes, in case you forgot). Nearly two years later, they’re still sold out online.   Moschino Spring 2018 was a scene-chic, fruity, floral fantasy. It was so many different things, it’s hard to pick which one stood out the most. From fishnets, tutus, and My Little Pony-inspired tops to Midsommar-esque floral dresses gone as literal as possible, the collection makes several outrageous statements that I haven’t been able to stop thinking about. Do you see Gigi Hadid dressed as a bouquet? Puppy-carrying models walked down the runway in Tod’s Fall 2018 collection, a super cute pairing for the set of neutral-toned looks. Not sure how any show could ever top Gigi Hadid carrying a baby French bulldog, tbh.   Pat McGrath worked her magic for Valentino’s floral-themed Spring 2019 couture collection, affixing floral, feathered lashes to the faces of the models. Beige, black, and purple lashes paired with minimal makeup made their own memorable statements alongside the floral-inspired gowns.   For his last Louis Vuitton show in Spring/Summer 2014, Marc Jacobs made one of his most dramatic statements ever. Models wore sprawling black headpieces and donned bejeweled tops, feathery jackets, and mesh bodysuits on the runway, which featured a black fountain.   A pregnant Slick Woods and the Hadid sisters in one Rihanna-led show? What else could be more iconic and more 2018? The Savage x Fenty Fall 2018 show breathed life into the lingerie world, literally—Woods modeled while in labor and had her son, Saphir, shortly after the show ended.  Lady Gaga and Kendall Jenner took to the Marc Jacobs runway, towering in major platform heels and oversized trench coats. Gaga, who’s no stranger to wearing platforms that are almost as tall as she is, stole the show in dark makeup and bleach-blonde hair. The heels were overwhelmingly the focal point of the Fall 2016 collection, one that united the best elements of goth fashion. Ever wanted to dress as a bubble? Here’s your chance! Taking home the L’Oréal Young Talent Professionel Award in Spring 2019, Fredrik Tjaerandsen created avant-garde balloons that deflated around the models inside them. Is there anything more captivating than watching videos of Tjaerandsen’s creations on a loop?   After nearly a decade of exploring collaboration with some of the industry's top designers, Moncler unveiled a new model last year that brought this to a new level. Capitalizing on the popularity of creative collaboration to compete in the never-ending race of innovation, Moncler Genius is a creative hub for designers to explore their creativity by reimagining the house's iconic coat. Constantly finding new creatives to contribute their perspectives to the Alpine brand's identity, the new project has been an exciting way to keep the world on its toes about what will be next. Now, Moncler is celebrating the growing portfolio of its new line through House of Genius, which centers around pop-up stores open from now until January across three cities: Milan, Tokyo, and Paris. In the U.S., Moncler has been celebrating three seasons of Genius as well through a two-week pop-up event in New York inside the Neiman Marcus in Hudson Yards. Alongside the whole collection, special products will be available, all amidst a dynamic installation of artworks that will receive constant updates. Artistic director Francesco Ragazzi imagined the space concept, and it's sure to provide the unexpected as visitors enter an immersive and ever-changing experience that features live programming in addition to its visual allure. In one such event marking the opening, Vanessa Beecroft staged an arrangement of models and ballet dancers throughout the Milan space in a commentary on identity, desire, and fashion. The performance was a hint at what's to come and a projection of the house's collaborative vision into a new artistic medium. The special products include skateboards, bags, and Rubik's cubes, and if you need an alternative to your AirPods, the brand has crafted a pair of headphones. The cities have their own collections as well, ensuring each experience will be different in a myriad of ways. Whether you are looking for some new outerwear or just want to enter a fun shopping environment and pick up some merch, there is something in the House of Genius for everyone, just like how the Genius line itself caters to a range of aesthetics. To celebrate the new pop-up, we're taking a look back at what Moncler Genius has done so far and the special items the stores have on offer. The eight collections (plus one line for dogs) are headed by a mix of both emerging and established designers. The chosen designers included the likes of Simone Rocha, Palm Angels, Valentino’s Pierpaolo Piccioli, and Richard Quinn (who managed to get Queen Elizabeth II to come to his show in 2018). In the spirit of the house’s motto, “One House, Different Voices,” each designer brings their own distinctive style, pushing the boundaries of wearability and outerwear in unique ways. Skate brand Palm Angels draws inspiration from street art and the LA skateboard scene while Simone Rocha tries to bring back a hyper-femininity that is usually lost in the depths of bulky winter clothing. Craig Green offers an inverse of Simone Rocha: hiding the human form beneath exaggerated winter coats, blurring the line between outerwear and habitat. The newest collection to drop, “3 Moncler Grenoble,” comes from the mind of Sandro Mandrino. Mandrino has been in charge of Moncler Grenoble since long before the inception of the brand’s House of Genius. The Grenoble line is a highly technical skiwear line headed by Mandrino since its start in 2011. Because of Grenoble’s technicality, it is its own line within Moncler, but within the House of Genius, Mandrino can exercise his creative freedom. The collection—which dropped November 1—is a psychedelic, Woodstock-meets-Western fever dream that seems almost contradictory to the winter landscape it's meant for.  As soon as fall rolls around, it's always time to plan Halloween outfits to surprise our fellow partygoers and look our best on the spookiest nights of the year. Celebrities have proven to be masters of disguise with extravagant costumes, as with model Heidi Klum, who multiplies her inventiveness each year. But, often, much of the non-famous population finds themselves wearing Halloween costumes that are tired, traditional, or just plain basic. Couldn't be me in 2019! L'Officiel has curated ten of the chicest fits from our favorite films, all of which have had elements show up throughout the fashion world and now are perfect for your next Halloween costume. Goodbye, overdone outfits of witches, ghosts, or sexy cats—with these, you'll be ready for a devilish couture party! Jennifer Lawrence in Mother! Simple yet haunting, Lawrence's classic white nightgown in Mother! is a perfect costume for horror and J-Law fans alike. Splatter some fake blood on your chest, throw your hair in a messy bun, and you're good to go. Show off your cinephilic nature while staying comfortable on Halloween night! Diane Keaton in Manhattan Fashion icon Diane Keaton can pull off anything. (It's true, look at her Instagram.) In Manhattan, the actress plays a brainy writer, Mary, who is rarely seen without a blazer and button-up. Pair it with a belt or a funky print to add a little flair to the corporate-chic fit. Salma Hayek in From Dusk Till Dawn Honestly, wow. This iconic bikini from From Dusk Till Dawn is sure to be a show-stopper at your next Halloween party. Throw on some gold jewelry, grab a fake snake (and probably a jacket), and you can shake it like Salma all night long. Catherine Deneuve in Donkey Skin The gold dress worn by Catherine Deneuve in Donkey Skin is a beautifully grown-up version of your childhood favorite princess dress (an aesthetic came back with Balenciaga's Spring 2020 show in a glorious maximalist moment). This luxe look is sure to sparkle at any party, and the puffy skirt means that you can dance with no restrictions!  Holly Hunter in The Piano These all-black masterpieces are most definitely in my dream closet. From the fringe umbrella to her black bonnet, Hunter's look is easy to recreate with a dramatic dress, simple makeup, and all of your best black accessories. Kirsten Dunst in Marie Antoinette Let them eat cake! (And Halloween candy.) The literal queen of the corset would make a perfect costume for those who want to go all-out this Halloween. Corset, wig, gloves, and all, Marie Antoinette has one of the most iconic looks in history. Dunst's version in the film is equally as stunning, bringing the 18th century to the 21st.  Al Pacino in Scarface   Florence Pugh in Midsommar   In 2019's instant cult classic Midsommar, the cast shines in chilling, all-white outfits. The women of the Swedish cult dance, sing, and kill while clad in flower crowns and white flowy dresses, crowning Dani (Florence Pugh) as the coveted May Queen. Take your favorite white maxi dress and an elaborate flower crown and transform into a lady of Hårga. Kara Hayward in Moonrise Kingdom   Suzy, the tween adventurer in Wes Anderson's cult classic film Moonrise Kingdom, is one of the most recognizable and well-dressed characters in all of Anderson's films. Wearing her classic pink collared dress, Suzy treks around New Penzance with her friend and love interest, Sam, all in spectacular fashion. The easygoing yet put-together nature of it all looks a lot like the latest Chanel collection, and it also creates a versatile Halloween look. Leonardo DiCaprio in The Great Gatsby   The Roaring Twenties were one of the best times in fashion history, and with the next century's version of this just on the horizon, it's time to get excited via some chic throwbacks. Extravagant parties, luxurious clothing and fabrics, and steamy romance all characterize the decade, making for envy-inducing styles. The Great Gatsby, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, showcases all of this and more. Rarely seen without a suit and bow tie, Gatsby's look isn't complete without coiffed hair, a glass of champagne, and a cigar. The rumor had been around for a while, but now it's official: Walter Chiapponi, formerly of Gucci, Valentino, and Bottega Veneta, is the new creative director of Tod's for both menswear and womenswear. After decades of honing his European fashion expertise, the world will finally see what his vision looks like front and center beginning with the Fall 2020 collections. 
After the arrival of Carlo Alberto Beretta as general manager this past February, Chiapponi's appointment provides the next piece of the puzzle in the label's new course. The designer and the business expert had previously overlapped at Bottega Veneta during the Tomas Maier era, and now both have the opportunity to shine in their new era at Tod's. The house has been working to attract a younger audience with new initiatives such as the No_Code project's "shoeker" and capsule drops with the likes of Alber Elbaz, and it will be interesting to see where the new team takes these. The announcement follows years of womenswear collections under the brand's in-house team, with a slow search for a new creative director having been ongoing since Alessandra Facchinetti's exit in 2016. The Tod's team kept things exciting during this period, presenting plenty of covetable Italian daywear and even sending Gigi Hadid down the runway with a dog in a viral Fall 2018 moment, but Chiapponi's new role at the head of creative is sure to keep fashion insiders on the edge of their seats this January and February. The menswear side had a more recent exit, with Andrea Incontri leaving the brand at the end of June. "It is a great honor to work for this group," the designer said of his new position. "Tod's is a brand that has always represented excellence in the international panorama of Italian quality and style. Being able to contribute to the development of this Italian lifestyle is, for me, a challenge and a source of pride." We're just three months away from the next round of men's collections, when the world will get its first peek at Chiapponi's direction. With experience across several Italian houses, he certainly seems ready to show the world what he has in store for Tod's. It comes as no surprise to anyone that Irina Shayk is busy. One of the industry's top models, she just had a jam-packed month walking shows like Brandon Maxwell, Burberry, and Versace, and although she's now been back home in New York for a couple of weeks, she's still keeping the fashion momentum going. Last night in SoHo, she was in the middle of getting ready ahead of the store launch party for Falconeri—an Italian brand making its US debut, which she was naturally the choice to be the face of after over a decade becoming synonymous with sister brand Intimissimi. But the thing about Shayk is that even in crazy moments like this, when she was prepping for a party that had already started as people rushed through rainy traffic to meet her, she's as calm and warm as ever. Perhaps part of this comes from many years of living this hectic lifestyle, but there's still something admirable about the way she lights up a room with her energy and effortless glow. And maybe that all comes down to her Capricorn nature. As is typical of those born under her sign, the model is ambitious (obviously) and has an obsession with planning out her life. She's trying to step away from being so disciplined in the approaching new decade—all the better to enjoy the moment—but her natural ability to impose balance on her schedule has undeniably helped with staying sane as she balances her modeling career, raising her daughter, and life in the public eye. Shayk loves a good massage, and like many a trendy New Yorker, she cites Face Gym as one of her favorite spots to get a refresh. Beyond this, it's all about the simple things, like spending time with family, walking around the city's iconic parks, and vegging out with some Russian TV. "On a workday, bring people who really make you laugh," she said of her thoughts on getting through a hectic schedule. "I think at the end of the day, it’s all about having a good laugh and being around people who have a good sense of humor and bring light to your day." These strategies, along with how she often spends her free time on picturesque walks through the city with her two-year-old daughter Lea de Seine, help to explain how Shayk gets through her fast-paced lifestyle and still has the energy to embody effortless chic even off the runway and keep herself up-to-date on what's going on in the world. The model was eager to discuss the importance of sustainability in fashion, reminiscing on her poignant experience during the Falconeri campaign photoshoot, when icebergs crashed around her. Though the world may mainly see her modeling work, it's clear that Shayk has a lot on her mind on a range of topics, so read on to learn about her favorite memories from fashion month, why she's a turtleneck girl, and her upcoming Halloween plans. Falconeri is known for their knitwear, and it’s sweater weather season. What kind of sweater girl are you? I’m a turtleneck girl. I live on the West Side Highway, right by the Hudson River, and during the wintertime, it gets very windy and very cold. I think I prefer to wear turtlenecks so I don’t have to put a scarf on my neck. And a turtleneck frames your face so perfectly, and you can layer a turtleneck on top of something else and just have fun with it. I think it’s just so classic.   What are some of your favorite pieces from the fall collection? I like the turtlenecks in classic colors, like camel-toned and black, and red, of course. I like oversized pieces because, again, you can layer them and have more fun with it. You can put it inside of jeans or on top of a skirt, and it’s really classy. Also definitely a cashmere coat, either black or camel-toned, because the cut is so cool. You can do it more sporty with jeans or pants, or wear it over an evening dress. And definitely a beanie, because almost every day I have a bad hair day, so a hat is perfect for that. You just put it on top and spray a little dry shampoo and you look great. So these are must-have pieces in my wardrobe, for sure.   You just had a really busy fashion month with a lot of major runway moments. Do you have any favorite memories from behind the scenes? Definitely the Burberry show, because I love Riccardo Tisci, and I loved the name of the show, Evolution. It was definitely an evolution seeing his third collection and seeing the evolution of his talent and his collections [for the brand]. That was definitely my favorite collection and we had a really fun after-party, so I think the highlight of my week was definitely Burberry.   Obviously the biggest moment of fashion month was Versace, where there was J-Lo closing it, and it looked like it was a fun after-party, too. Do you have any fun memories from that? The show was epic, and we always have fun after-parties with Donatella. She always puts together a cool group of people and good music, and great champagne and pasta, and we’re all dancing it off and excited to get on a plane the next day and be home. Given all of the pressure that comes with your career, do you have any methods for staying centered? It’s definitely reminding myself to be true to my own. All these trips and jet lag and people around you can pull you left and right, but you always have to surround yourself with people who you love, and on a workday, bring people who really make you laugh. I think at the end of the day, it’s all about having a good laugh and being around people who have a good sense of humor and bring light to your day. At the beginning of this year I was trying to meditate, but I’m very impatient so it didn’t go well. I definitely like to go and have a good spa day or just listen to some chill music and practice self-care, and am sure to talk to people who make me happy and stay connected with my family.   Is there anything you do for self care? I love a good spa day, like a really long deep-tissue massage always helps. I go to Face Gym, which is my favorite spot in NoHo, to have a face workout. I also like to go get my hair color and blow-dry done or just do a cool mask and lay in bed and watch Russian TV.   You were traveling all around for fashion month, and now you’re back in New York. What’s your favorite thing to do in the city? Eat! Tonight, actually, we’re going to have some really yummy Italian food, so I’m really excited. [My top three things to do] are definitely going to the spa for massages, eating good food, and going to Central Park. I love Central Park, or Battery Park, which is not far away from my house, just to enjoy the last bits of warm weather and reconnect with my friends. I love seeing people go to the farmer’s market in Union Square and just doing things that make me happy.    We’re all starting to think ahead to 2020, which is crazy. What are you excited about in the approaching new decade? I love how the new year brings new energy and new beginnings. I really don’t have any plans for the new year, because I feel like every time I plan something, it never works out. And I’m a Capricorn. I’m very practical. I love to plan and I want everything to be perfect, so for 2020, I’m letting it go, opening the window for new energy, and just really excited for the new year.   Halloween is right around the corner. Do you have any plans? No plans yet. I’m actually traveling to Italy, so I will be back on the 30th, but clearly I will have to probably prepare some kind of Halloween costume and I’ll probably be going to all these kids’ Halloween parties, so I have to start planning. I did decorate my house a little bit, because my daughter really likes it, but no costume plans yet.    What are you going to do with your daughter? I’m thinking of school events, kids' parties, and going to parks. Things like that. What are you doing for Halloween?   No idea. Every year is such a dilemma. I think for girls it’s very easy, just like put something sexy on, like, "I’m a sexy girl."   Is there anything else you wanted to add? It’s really important for me as a 34-year-old woman to work with somebody who delivers a good message with their campaign. Falconeri is not only delivering a high-quality product, but there is also a message behind the campaign about connecting humanity with nature. I think nowadays it’s really important to remember everything that’s going on with nature and global warming, and all this plastic in the ocean. What really stood out for me is that the brand took a crazy trip to Iceland, and through this they reminded people about there being a huge climate change problem out there, so I’m really happy to be the face of a company that cares about nature.   What are your thoughts about how the industry is handling sustainability? I think they’re handling it pretty well. I think now all brands care more about global warming, and all this practice, and recycling, and you can see on sets and photoshoots they use no plastic bottles and no plastic straws. I think all this social media campaigning has been really helpful to push a message out there and say we have to take care of the earth, and the fashion industry is really behind.   What do you want to see the fashion industry do to this end? I think all the brands are doing it, slowly but surely, like recycling trees and making materials for dresses from them, and delivering messages saying “Look, global warming is out there.” Maybe Iceland is not going to exist anymore in 20 years. While we were there shooting, the icebergs behind me were melting and crashing. We set up the picture, and we turned around and there was no iceberg. I think it’s really important to not just shoot beautiful pictures and sell the products, but also deliver a message saying that we are the ones who are responsible and we’re going to be really dealing with the consequences in a few years, and now our kids are going to be stuck with it. The Halloween season brings with it some of the most excessively dark looks of the year. Prada’s Fall 2019 collection, which premiered this past February, offered a slew of perfectly haunting pieces. The muse of the collection? The one, the only, Wednesday Addams. Confirmed by designer Miuccia Prada, Wednesday Addams was the inspiration behind the spooky styles. The eldest daughter of Morticia and Gomez on the fictional 1964 TV show The Addams Family, Wednesday has an iconic look including her double braids, black dress, and strange-but-sweet attitude. Bringing in elements of her classic look, the collection showed that her aesthetic hasn’t lost its striking appeal, even across generations.  Described as “Frankensteinish” by Vogue, the collection brought everything your closet needs for the Halloween season — tons of lace, bubblegum pink and slime green dresses, and plenty of synthetic neon fur. At its core, the collection oozes Halloween energy. Several of the pieces even featured Frankenstein’s cartoonish face, printed on long-sleeved black dresses and midi skirts. Alongside Prada’s realized visions were even more eye-catching details, down to the Wednesday-like braids that many of the models wore as they walked down the runway.  Just in time for spooky season, we’ve compiled a lucky 13 incredible goth-chic pieces to complete your Wednesday Addams-inspired look. After all, who wouldn’t want to look like one of horror’s most recognizable fashion icons? From statement dresses to lace stockings, these pieces would definitely be Wednesday-approved. Check out our picks below. As the weather gets chillier, everyone needs a dramatic coat to throw on before they head out to haunt. This black structured trench by Prada will add a perfectly gothic touch to any outfit while still maintaining a classic feminine silhouette. Even Wednesday Addams gets chilly sometimes!   Natté gabardine coat, $3,900, available at Prada For your dressier days, put a more mature spin on Wednesday's classic collared black babydoll dress with this lace alternative from Prada. With a flattering silhouette, midi length, and beautiful lace pattern, this dress is perfect for spooky fall days.   Lace dress with scroll motif, $4,200, available at Prada If you want to go a more casual route, this black blouse from Prada will easily pair with a skirt or pants. With its high collar and huge bow, you can totally channel dramatic vampire energy.   Crepe de Chine top, $1,120, available at Prada This beautiful black dress from Gucci is the personification of Wednesday Addams — sweet and simple, but dark. The heart cutout on the chest adds a cutesy element, while the large sleeves and shift silhouette are perfect for if you need to make a pit stop at a funeral or a graveyard, as one does.   Jersey dress with cut-out heart, $3,600, available at Gucci With a pop of red, this dress from Gucci balances Wednesday's iconic all-black aesthetic with the second spookiest color—red. The delicate embellishments and flattering sleeve ruffles bring an aspect of femininity back to the simple A-line dress.   Viscose jersey dress, $1,980, available at Gucci This pleated silk top from Renaissance is a perfect piece for fall layering. Throw on a  leather jacket, a pair of boots, and, of course, two braids, and you're all set.   Corday top, $420, available at Opening Ceremony If Wednesday Addams lived in New York, she would totally wear this dress. With luxurious elements of snakeskin and velvet, this dress transforms her iconic look into something much edgier.   Hunters In The Snow dress, $450, available at Opening Ceremony    This dress from Saint Laurent stays true to Wednesday's classic one, using a similar silhouette and collar, but adding crystal embellishments for an element of class. If you're heading out to a Halloween party in a creepy abandoned ballroom, braid your hair (do not let it down as you might otherwise) and hit the dance floor.    Embellished Wool Mini-Shirtdress, $3,490, available at Barney’s For fall nights where the weather's just right, grab this cardigan from Comme des Garçons before you head out. The silky ruffles add dimension and depth to the simple black cardigan, which makes it perfect for any date night or horror movie (same thing, right?).   Tiered Ruffle Wool Cardigan, $835, available at Nordstrom  Even Wednesday needs a bag. This simple but statement backpack from Moschino will go with any outfit, from dressy to casual. Never underestimate the power of a tiny backpack.    Quilted nylon backpack with logo, $525, available at Moschino These Off-White leather boots are perfect for skull-smashing. With their metallic accents and high laces, they're just the right amount of grunge to make even the fanciest of outfits look hauntingly cool.   Leather hiking boot, $1,000, available at Off-White For that perfect blend of glitz, goth, and glam, these studded boots from Christian Louboutin are the perfect middle ground. With their thick, sturdy soles, they're sure to hold up through all of your Halloween shenanigans.   BY THE RIVER boot, $1,245, available at Christian Louboutin Who could go wrong with more lace? These lace tights from Gucci are subtle but entrancing enough to have anyone caught in your spell. Pair them with your favorite collared black dress for the ultimate Wednesday Addams look.   
Black Lace Tights, $265, available at SSENSE Rowan Blanchard may turn 18 today, but she's set herself apart in the entertainment world (and on the internet) through a powerful combination of talent and voice. After starting out in acting through roles in projects like The Back-Up Plan and Spy Kids: All the Time in the World, her big break was as the star of 2014's Girl Meets World, which attracted interest with its nostalgia factor and ran a successful three seasons with its talented cast and modern feel. Since then, the actress has taken on various other roles, including in A Wrinkle in Time and on The Goldbergs, but perhaps the most memorable arc of recent years has been that of her activism. Passionate about discussing what she believes in, she has been vocal (mostly on the internet, but also at the UN Women's annual conference) about issues like feminism, human rights, and gun violence. Through this, the world got to know her opinions as much as her talent, making her quickly gain a lot of attention as the voice of her generation (as noted when she covered our Fall 2018 issue). These days, while Blanchard still cares about the issues she's highlighted, she no longer self-identifies as an activist. Due to finding her acting career and her activism to have a complex relationship (and, certainly, the growing pressure of being placed on such a pedestal), she's taken a step back to focus on herself and her career, which has resulted in her style taking the spotlight as she works on upcoming projects like Snowpiercer. A favorite of brands like Marc Jacobs, Rodarte, and Tomo Koizumi (which she even walked in February), the young talent has proven to have a taste for boldness and extravagance via snaps on her Instagram, which has become a fashion inspiration hotbed. Below, see ten of Blanchard's best looks, and get excited for more as she continues to enjoy the moment and have fun with fashion. Just the other day, Blanchard posted a series of unapologetic snaps on Instagram along with a telling caption: "Yes it’s true ! Now that I don’t self id as activist anymore I just love to share my outfits on here !!!! Enjoy luv." This fitted white dress, which she paired with a green shrug, pearl-covered sandals, and a ribbon headband, made for a standout cover photo as the actress relaxed in a lounge chair. The fluffy green shrug had made a prior appearance in a mirror selfie a few days prior, which Blanchard had fittingly captioned "Libra supremacist," highlighting her excitement about her birthday season in the most zodiac way possible. Her look proved that her new favorite accessory doesn't need to pair with neutrals to shine, as it made a fun statement alongside a neon pink crop top, a floral skirt, and over-the-top earrings. Maximalist headbands are having a moment (just in time for the Gossip Girl reboot), and Blanchard is well on top of the trend. The talent wore her sky-high accessory alongside an art-inspired top, simple black pants, and pointed-toe heels, proving the future of fashion is both sustainable and stylish as she attended a New York Fashion Week event celebrating Maria Cornejo. Blanchard had kicked off her fashion week in a look that was Studio 54 meets early aughts. Attending an H&M Studio launch party alongside the likes of Barbie Ferreira and Indya Moore, her look from the collection comprised a sequined crop top and a leather midi skirt, which she made her own by wearing low enough to allow a G-string to make an appearance. This dress was a comparatively simple look for Blanchard, given it focused on one aesthetic: the ever-trendy animal print. But it certainly wasn't boring in the least—the fitted dress is a Mugler by much-celebrated creative director Casey Cadwallader, and the matching shoes only add to its power. While she's come to embrace a high femme aesthetic most of the time, Blanchard also knows how to rock some power tailoring when she sees it. This all-white Giambattista Valli look created modern cohesion with tousled hair and a red lip. The young actress has been quoted expressing her appreciation for vintage style, which contributes to her unique aesthetic all while embracing sustainability. This denim corset, which she found for $20, made a fun combination with her mom's old boots and a Dover Street Market minidress she'd been waiting for years to break out. At first glance, this is just a fun neutral leather look, but there's a twist. Its material is pineapple bark, making for a sustainable fashion moment that doubles as a fun fact to drop at a party (or on Instagram, as Blanchard did: "Hi girls my outfit is made out of pineapples!!!!!!!"). BRB, it's time to make sure pineapples are on the shopping list, and we're not talking for juices. Marc Jacobs has displayed some especially maximalist creativity as of late, and the looks are so bold that, thoough incredibly chic, it takes someone with eccentric taste to pioneer them into wearable territory. Blanchard was up for the challenge, showing off a cropped jacket and glimmering pants in a moment that displayed eclectic inspiration ('90s hip hop meets centuries-old high society, hello) while feeling true to her personality. Last but not least, these highlights wouldn't be complete without some Gucci. With Blanchard's embrace of individuality with a bit of quirk, the brand is a solid fit for her current aesthetic, and this iridescent blue number, in all its puffy-sleeved and ruffled glory, made a memorable statement. Last month, Kering announced that its entire group—including brands like Gucci, Saint Laurent, and Alexander McQueen—was going carbon neutral. A number of fashion brands have recently started to become more sustainable in recent months, but the truth is that more aggressive measures are becoming necessary as we have less time to fix what we’ve done to the planet.  Enter Sheep Inc., a New Zealand-based fashion brand that has decided carbon neutrality is simply not enough anymore. Launching this month, the label sells high-quality wool sweaters and is the world’s first carbon-negative fashion brand (and also the first to give you a sheep with your purchase). Sheep Inc. aims to be carbon-negative without sacrificing quality. Their sweaters use 100% Merino wool, which is then hand-spun into yarn and dyed in northern Italy at a mill that employs a number of sustainable practices including sourcing all of its power from renewable energy.  Like other brands going carbon neutral, Sheep Inc. will be carbon offsetting, which is the practice of cutting carbon emissions to counteract the emissions that are unavoidable. To be carbon-negative, the brand is going the much-needed extra mile and offsetting more than it actually emits. “Because of the urgency of the climate crisis, Sheep Inc. has decided...to offset ten times their emissions,” said Mark Maslin, advisor to Sheep Inc. and the head of climatology at the University College London. The climate expert says there are many misconceptions about carbon offsetting, usually to do with the lack of consumer knowledge, and he stressed that while there are plenty of scammy, inefficient offsetting schemes, properly researched plans are effective. Sheep Inc. is focusing its efforts on the company’s passions and the location of its customer base. The yarn then travels to Spain, where it goes through a knitting process in a 3D machine before being finished by hand. As a final touch, each sweater has a detail on the back of the neck inspired by smit marks, swipes of paint applied to a sheep’s back that identify their flocks. Each smit mark comprises scrap thread that would otherwise go to waste, and the hand-stitching means each sweater is subtly unique. The brand’s website is filled with more information than products, fulfilling its promise to be transparent with consumers about the entire process of creation. Each sweater features a tag containing NFC and QR technology, allowing owners who scan it to access a detailed creation journey and carbon footprint information. Along with sustainability, Sheep Inc. is also dedicated to providing the best conditions for the company’s fluffy namesake. The ethical guarantees (freedom from thirst, disease, distress, and confinement) seem basic, but animal rights have a history of taking a backseat to profit.  But what exactly does it mean to get a sheep with your purchase? While you won't be expected to care for a new pet, the company provides updates about a sheep at the farm from which the wool came. According to the website, the company wants to remind consumers that their clothing is coming from a living animal. The sweaters are completely recyclable and biodegradable, but rest assured they won't disintegrate while you are wearing them. Additionally, the brand promises to invest five percent of its revenue into projects dedicated to protecting biodiversity on the farms, providing yet another concrete reason for you to feel good about your purchase. Get ready for the most sustainable hygge ever this fall and winter. It seems last week marked the official arrival of fall, as dropping temperatures and drizzly days prompted everyone to break out their long-dormant collections of knitwear and boots. While there's still a chance another heatwave will roll through before it gets truly chilly (#climatechange), it appears we're finally headed for crisp air and plenty of hygge, which, although long-anticipated, can be a jarring change in an era of Indian summers. For both sustainability and simplicity's sake, perhaps the way to go is revamping your favorite summer looks via layered pieces. Aside from saving money and reducing waste, curating your fall wardrobe in this way can be a fun challenge to exercise your creativity and bring a renewed aesthetic to those warm-weather pieces you aren't quite ready to retire for the year. As they say, layering is key, and whether you simplify your life with a capsule wardrobe or are just aiming for a bit of eco-friendly versatility, these nine techniques have the potential to create a truly eye-catching aesthetic. Long-Sleeved Layers You don’t have to say goodbye to t-shirts, tube tops, and the like once fall rolls around. Throwing a long sleeve shirt underneath is a classic move, as it’s easy and creates an instant outfit. Today's street style stars exhibit options far beyond layering t-shirts with two different sleeve lengths, wearing pieces like turtlenecks and mesh tops as underlayers. Brands like Marine Serre know the power of this as well, and Kendall Jenner reinvented a Richard Quinn mermaid gown at the Emmys by wearing a latex bodysuit by Vex Clothing underneath. This Topshop sweater would make a great layering piece, as the knit material provides plenty of warmth and the neutral color makes it go with anything. Layer Over Your Summer Dresses Just like you can layer under your summer clothes, you can also layer over them. If some of your dresses feature open backs, exposed shoulders, or any other details that might be impractical for the cold, know you have more options than simply wearing a jacket all day. Pop a t-shirt or sweater over it and you’re good to go (and you just got a brand new skirt!). A cropped sweater or shirt is ideal so it falls at the waistline, but you also can tie your t-shirt into a knot for a similar effect. This RED Valentino sweater would go perfectly over a floral pattern (which, by the way, is trending for fall), and the pastel shade will stand out in a sea of black, brown, and burgundy, making it a subtle statement piece. Tights I can’t explain why, but I want to start wearing tights again, and I think I’m not the only one. A pair of sheer black tights under a skirt is a classic combination that never fails, and a pair of thick, colorful tights makes for a great pop of color when the chill gets more serious. But for those who want to make more of an impression, take some inspiration from the decade we all miss, the 2000s. Lean into that nostalgia and try pairing some shorts with tights—after all, short shorts were all over the Spring 2020 runways, and Gigi Hadid rocked a pairing just like this at Chanel, so you'll be in great company while staying ahead of the curve. Look for a nude tight with a pattern or embroidery if you want to keep the illusion of exposed legs but still want to add a playful touch, just like these Fendi socks covered in "Karligraphy," a print which made its appearance in various forms under neutral tailoring and mesmerizing sheer pieces in Karl Lagerfeld's final collection for the house this past February. Perhaps beyond the sentimental elements, that show was touching upon one of the coolest looks to try out for this season. Outerwear for Indoors Incorporate a comfortable jacket, like a blazer or cardigan, that you can wear indoors as a way to turn your favorite bralette or crop top into something a bit more sophisticated and ready for fall. Cardigans provide exciting versatility, as their basic knit construction makes them easy to dress up or down or wear buttoned or open—truly anything goes. This Acne Studios cardigan is oversized, so it can worn open and slouchy, or can be belted to create a waist. Socks and Sandals Have a cute pair of open-toed shoes you can’t bear to part with for a few months? Don’t worry, because pairing socks with sandals are acceptable, and it actually looks really cute—gone are the days of its endless association with dad core (though even that aesthetic has its place in the world of streetwear, especially following the wave of ugly sneakers and Balenciaga crocs). I like to contrast my pink velvet strappy heels with a pair of Nike compression socks. These Marc Jacobs socks provide a high-end version of that athletic look, which makes a cheeky complement to more elevated pieces. Sweatshirt Dressing up a sweatshirt is one of the best ways to get excited about leaving the house without sacrificing comfort. Pair a sweatshirt with nice jewelry and a pair of jeans and tuck it in to define the waist, and you’ve got a cozy-chic outfit. This sweatshirt from Everlane is made from 100% recycled polyester, and each one uses 35 renewed plastic bottles, so you can feel as good as you look. Scarves Silky scarves have a timeless air of chic, and it's possible to wear them in seemingly infinite ways. A lightweight option is a perfect transition piece for fall, as it's an easy addition to a warmer-weather look but can be just as effective providing a bit of warmth. Tying it around your neck is chic and French, and a larger silk scarf can also make a long skirt more interesting: knotting two adjacent corners around your waist creates a cool layered look that elevates any outfit. This Off-White scarf has a beautiful floral pattern, and its understated color palette makes for a great transition piece. Tall Boots For those suspiciously warm days in the fall, a pair of tall or chunky boots can be the perfect way to give your favorite summer dresses a distinctly autumnal look. A midi-length skirt looks great when paired with a chunky black boot or a pair of knee-high (or over-the-knee) boots. Follow the Western trend and wear these Paris Texas boots while taking your horse down to Old Town Road (or walking down Fifth Avenue or Rue Saint-Honoré. Really, it's whatever suits your fancy). Vests Vests seem like they were made for fall. For a tailored look, try a menswear-inspired waistcoat like this one from Nili Lotan. Wear it with nothing underneath if the temperature permits, or layer it with a long-sleeve shirt—you can go traditional with a button-down or try one of the underlayers that bring your summer tops to new seasonal territory. If you’re looking for something cozier, go for a sweater vest. Providing warmth without sacrificing breathability, it's the perfect transitional look. This sweater vest from Isabel Marant combines a wintry cable knit with wide armholes, perfect for the fall weather confusion that's only gotten more intense in recent years. Fashion month may be over as the world currently enjoys a period of Halloween spirit and cozy fall dressing, but it won't be long before it's time to dress up again, with art galas, holiday parties, and awards season fast approaching. If you already have an invite to one of the above or even just foresee it on the horizon, chances are you're already beginning to search for the perfect outfit, and just when you finally settle upon something, you'll need to find accessories to complete the look. Jimmy Choo's new red carpet-inspired capsule may be the perfect solution to this, comprising artsy yet classic styles that are ready for any event this coming fall and winter. The capsule, which launched today in collaboration with Net-a-Porter, features ten shoes and three bags. The styles stay versatile by sticking to black, but the collection is far from homogeneous, as details like feathers, lace, and crystals create unique looks for each piece. Those looking to fit a piece into their regular fall wardrobe can do so via ankle boots featuring a thin strap of sparkle, and it's also easy to bring an exaggerated feminine touch to any evening look since several pieces center around exaggerated bows. Collection images show the shoes and bags in picturesque locations around Paris like the Eiffel Tower, an outdoor café, and a bridge over the Seine, but despite their effortless ability to assimilate into the French fashion sphere, the products take a great deal of their inspiration from the Hollywood glamour that defines awards season. "The collection was inspired by the confidence and glamour leading ladies exude when walking the red carpet, mixed with the idea of fantasy," creative director Sandra Choi explains of the concept. "Celebrities play an important role in bringing the brand’s fantasy element and fairytale transformation to life. We referenced lots of women over the years and what they were wearing to the Black Tie Balls.  Each style has a feminity, seductiveness, and the finesse of couture." With the red carpet providing the literal inspiration for the capsule's concept, it's now easier than ever to feel like a movie star at your next formal event. While there's no word yet on whether any stars will include the new accessories in their awards season looks, the black Net-a-Porter van is sure to be busy carting around these Jimmy Choo creations for the rest of 2019, helping the fashion set to bring together all their last-minute ensembles. Stop what you're doing right now, because Louis Vuitton is officially releasing the thing you didn't know you needed most: a Louis Vuitton AirPods Case, obviously. Now your favorite tech accessory can have that luxury touch because now too many people (plebians) are walking the streets with the listening device of the moment sticking out of their ears.  The case is inspired by LV's classic trunks, and, bonus, it's WEARABLE—it doubles as a necklace. This, as well as the fact that it fits two AirPods and their charging case, means it beats everyone's favorite Jacquemus Mini Chiquito in the functionality department.  SEE ALSO: Here are Best Designer AirPods Cases to Shop Now Back in January, the house released their own $995 version of the popular wireless headphones, one-upping all the rich kids of Twitter flaunting their Apple Swag. It seems that since then, the brand has realized that they should also capitalize on the earbuds that most people already own, so here we are with this new case.  We don't yet have a release date, but you can be sure that streetwear fans everywhere, as well as a healthy dose of the fashion crew, will be snatching these up whenever they do drop. Get ready!!! Fashion and art have come together once again, as Rachel Mansur and Floriana Gavriel are putting a sculpture spin on their eponymous brand's Italian-made handbags. A few weeks after presenting their Fall 2019 wares in an immersive fruit market environment at New York Fashion Week, the duo has announced a new capsule collection in collaboration with the Calder Foundation, which features a selection of Alexander Calder's iconic works on Mansur Gavriel's most successful bag styles. The designers each have backgrounds in the arts, having long enjoyed exploring exhibitions, so putting Calder's work on their creations was a natural choice. The collection highlights four of the artist's creations—untitled mobiles from 1955 and 1972, an untitled gouache from 1974, and 1941's Vertical Foliage—as graphics on as many bag styles. In projecting these works into two-dimensional images on the leather accessories, Mansur and Gavriel find a new way to captivate an audience with Calder's motion focus. This time, the world can watch how the established art sways as the bags make their way into street style.  The collection is available now at Mansur Gavriel's website and physical stores as well as MatchesFashion and select Hauser & Wirth galleries. Below, Mansur and Gavriel spoke with L'Officiel USA about the collaboration, their love for Calder, and where they stand on whether fashion can be art. How have your arts backgrounds contributed to this collaboration and when did you first discover Alexander Calder’s work?
 
Rachel Mansur: We have always been interested in art and are very inspired by museum exhibitions, galleries, and artist books. We love traveling and visiting many exhibitions, taking in different mediums and environments. Calder’s work has always been iconic for us. His expression of color and form is both bold and delicate and appeals to our aesthetic very much.
 
Can you talk about the process of conceptualizing and designing this new line?
 
RM: We have looked through Calder’s work and loved many ideas of incorporating it into the bags. We went through many trials and the process took us months. In the end we decided to work with a combination of his iconic mobiles as well as a two-dimensional work. We silk-screened them onto our iconic bag shapes: the Bucket Bag, a tote, and our Circle Crossbody. We also added them to our classic Attaché.
  With the new collaboration, you've gotten literal with art, turning hanging sculpture designs into 2D graphics on your bags. What do you think is the impact of this?
 
Floriana Gavriel: We wanted to create a clean, powerful statement expressing the works—we love using simple yet powerful forms as a vehicle for color or material, so it was an amazing opportunity to present Calder’s work in this way. We love the crisp silkscreen on the warm, glowing vegetable-tanned leather.
 
Fashion and art are constantly coming together, yet the "Is fashion art?" debate stays as heated as ever. What do you hope this new capsule adds to that topic?  RM: Fashion must address functionality within the context of commercialism in a way that art does not. We enjoy the challenge of creating accessible, functional, everyday beauty. Our inspiration is driven by art—the abstract emotion of more conceptual ideas such as color, line, form, and texture. Whether or not you know who Leon Dame is, you're likely to have noticed him in a video from Maison Margiela. This week in Paris, while John Galliano presented a wartime-influenced collection for the Belgian house, the model closed the show in a theatrical and ultra-unique way. His bold walk was an unforgettable moment truly worthy of capture, and in a few hours, he was already buzzing on Instagram.  
From Dame's previous track record, there is no doubt the walk was something that he, Galliano, and movement director Pat Boguslawski (who was also behind the Tomo Koizumi show) carefully planned. Aggressiveness was the intention with this heavy step, which only became more clear with an outfit that took inspiration from military uniforms. The goal of the walk and the collection in general? To awaken the consciences that Galliano feels are not alert enough in the face of potential international conflicts. Dame, a young model from Berlin, is not a new figure on the runway, as he has brought his unique attitude to catwalks since 2016. Quickly becoming an undisputed star at fashion shows, he has used his performative walk to enhance the visions of major brands since like Burberry, Gucci, and Valentino, to name a few. But Margiela has become his sartorial home base, where he's had the chance to embrace his walking style repeatedly to significant attention. His appearance in the Fall 2019 show had already set a precedent with his quick pace and his unconventional character. If this viral moment catapults Dame into the spotlight more than ever before, it's just further proof that the industry is embracing performativity as it heads into a new decade.

  As Denzel Washington once said, "In Los Angeles, everyone is a star." Surely, the newly revamped Van Cleef & Arpels flagship will not make its visitors feel otherwise. To celebrate the 50th anniversary of its Rodeo Drive location, the French jewelry house, whose pieces have been worn by Grace Kelly and Elizabeth Taylor, is reopening the boutique's doors today, revealing exciting new elements that are sure to keep guests in awe.  Since its initial building in 1969, the boutique has remained one of the most elegant attractions on Rodeo Drive. Comprising all of the lush architectural characteristics of a Parisian apartment, the 6000-square-foot store will feature the brand's first-ever bridal salon, a juice bar, an art deco salon, a dining room, and The Salon 1906, which will display a curated selection of heritage pieces. The new features make visiting the revamped flagship more than just a shopping trip—it's easy to pass an entire afternoon there while sipping on an organic juice, checking out the interior design, and revisiting the pieces that have made the brand so iconic for over a century.   The house has created installations in collaboration with Arthur Hoffner, which take inspiration from the playful, round aesthetic of the Maison's Perlée collection. The French designer, who has gotten attention for his dynamic use of materials, has worked the line's transformable pendants and secret dial watches into captivating displays throughout the boutique. Alongside the location's Parisian style and engaging nature, the artworks create an additional sense of wonder for visitors to enjoy as they explore the various rooms.   “The Maison has always had a special relationship with the West Coast,” says Helen King, President & CEO of Van Cleef & Arpels Americas, of why the brand has decided to reintroduce its Beverly Hills flagship to the world. “The doors of this elegant boutique first opened in 1969, and now, 50 years later, we are proud to showcase the fullest expression of the Maison’s ingenuity, creativity, and imagination to the city of Los Angeles.” Looks like heading down Rodeo Drive just got even more exciting.   Photography by Evan Browning  Styling by Alicia Sereno  All Clothing Tommy Hilfiger Lewis Hamilton knows his way around a racetrack. Having practiced the car-centric sport in some form since he was a young child, he has won the Formula One World Championship five times, earning him a reputation as one of the greatest drivers in history. While he is constantly on the road in more ways than one, he still manages to soak in the culture, show off new looks, and discuss topics he cares about, all with an audience of millions watching his every move. With the fashion world taking notice of Hamilton’s sartorial sense, it's no wonder that he has developed a close creative relationship with Tommy Hilfiger, who has developed a penchant for reinventing his signature aesthetic through collaboration with high-profile figures of the moment like Gigi Hadid and Zendaya. The designer's releases with the driver have proved fruitful for the menswear sector with their cool yet classic style. As the pair are about to unveil their third collaboration, the reigning king of Formula One tells us that clothes with substance go way beyond fashion. Unveiled at Milan Fashion Week last Monday, Season 3 of TOMMYXLEWIS molds together Hilfiger’s preppy American vibe with Hamilton’s contemporary streetwear style. The 34-year-old British driver, who travels all over the world for races, wanted to emphasize comfort in the design process, using materials that feel as good as they look. The latest season also focused heavily on sustainability, something that Hamilton, a vegan, cares deeply about. (He also sold his bright red private jet earlier this year because he felt it didn’t align with his stance on environmental issues). The driver and the designer have collaborated to create a timeless sportswear collection, which they ultimately hope will bring people together. Below, Hamilton opened up to L'Officiel USA about collaboration, working with Hilfiger, and being patient.  Tell me a little bit about the inspiration behind your third collaboration with Tommy Hilfiger. From the get-go, it was to incorporate my DNA with Tommy’s iconic brand DNA. We tried to be a bit edgy. I am very much into streetwear, so it was all about colliding our styles. From there, it continued to evolve. For our third collection, it was all about how people perceive it and interpret their pieces. It’s the same size as the collection we did for the first season, but we toned it down color-wise. Burgundy plays a large role and I really wanted to keep it edgy but elevated.   Was it hard to edit the collection down? It was. Very, very hard. But, to be honest, the ones that didn’t make it into the collection I got to keep for myself. But, I’m the only one.   Can you tell me a little bit about the key themes with this collection? The most important thing for me is the fact that I wanted to push sustainability. It wasn’t a huge focus for the brand at the time and I told them how it was so important to me. They found new vendors, and each year, it continues to advance. This collection is just over 45% using sustainable product and fabrics. I am pushing it constantly. The next one will be even more sustainable. The goal is to get it to 100% sustainable. If I do something, I want it to be impactful. Look at the shows – the first show was very diverse. The best thing about working with Tommy is that I have these ideas, and they really help bring them to life. They hear what I am saying and really run with it.   Are you shocked when people ask you how involved you are in this product? I think because each time I partner with people, I want to get very involved. For me, I view it as an internship of sorts. To be standing alongside this icon, Tommy the man, is such a wild experience. It’s been a surreal experience. The opportunity to learn from his team is surreal. I never approach things like I know everything – because I don’t. I know what I like and what I don’t, and I certainly have opinions but, it’s beyond collaborative. What have you learned about the art of design along the way? This has been the biggest learning curve. I think in life, no matter what it is, we don’t put a lot of thought as to how ‘it came to be.' Like this chair I am sitting on – there were people involved, a creative process and so on. In my main job, I work with nearly 2000 people on my car. So, I have mad respect for the process. And, I’ve learned to be patient. In doing the collection, doing it 12 months ahead, how are you going to know what the trends are going to be a year from now? What people are going to want in the future. It’s an eye-opening experience. And right now, I’m already working on what’s next. You need to be in tune with culture and the world in order to get it right.   Do you have any favorite pieces from the collection? There are so many. I love the tracksuit and the high top trainers that we’ve done. They are an evolution of what we did in the second collection. Bum bags and pouches are key to me – especially to hold my phone and my thin wallet. With the jackets, people think the ‘leather one’ is leather, but it’s faux. That was something that was important to me and if you put it on, you’ll realize how good it feels.   A lot of this collection is about ‘timeless fashion’ and travel. Can you tell me a little bit about this? I am always on the road. So, being comfortable is the most important to me. I try to create timeless pieces. Tommy has an archive and for the first few collections, I raided the library to get a sense of the fabrics and logos and colors. It’s so interesting to see how their process has evolved as well. Have you seen people on the street wear them? At races, I see them a lot, but I am always so proud and grateful. It’s a conscious decision for someone to go out there and spend the money on a piece that I’ve made. That’s why I also want people to know that there is a sustainable perspective to what I do. It’s not just clothing; for me, it’s something more.   You’re a fabric guy. Do you have any favorite fabrics that you worked with? For me, I am all about feel. I need to feel it in my hands or my fingers and get an understanding how it feels on my skin. I hate seams that rub on you, so ‘seamless seams’ are something I try to work on. The attention to detail to me is so important. For instance, I like to create tags that can be pulled off easily. My favorite fabrics are shearling, so I used faux shearling which I hope people really respond to. I also love working with corduroy. I found a vintage Tommy jacket and I knew I needed to do something in a similar vein. I also worked with a faux suede that feels so good.   You speak a lot about making unity possible – which is embedded in the collection. Do you hope this collection brings people together in a sense? I hope people are excited about it. Naturally, fashion brings people together. People from different walks of life are united by clothing and their love of fashion and style. Look at a fashion show, for example, I am always looking at other people and wondering why they are there. My goal is to have a show for this collection either here in NYC, in Paris, or in Milan. I personally never thought I would have my own clothes. Never in a million years – it was always a dream. But to have my own clothes and really love them, it’s a dream come true. A black and gold Rolls Royce reading “Collini Milano” traversed the streets during Milan Fashion Week with a single objective: to catch the attention of passersby. This moment precisely embodies the mission of Carmine Rotondaro, the designer who carries the name of a 1937 Italian house on his shoulders. The creative director’s visually captivating research on identity continues in Spring 2020 via a bold collection that celebrates the idea of ​​sin, and more specifically, the seven deadly sins. In a modern world that’s constantly grappling with ethics in nuanced forms, from the policing of women’s bodies to internet addiction, the concept couldn’t be more timely. Rotondaro opened up to L’Officiel about carrying on a heritage brand, repurposing the archive, and bold collaboration.   What does carrying on a brand that’s been around since the 1930s mean to you? It is certainly a great responsibility. But it’s also a continuous incentive to research, to deepen [the brand identity], and to compare it with one's own heritage. There is almost a constant creative bipolarity in which the past and the future of our brand interact - and must dialogue - continually. The terrain of this necessary dialogue is the present, the everyday life of our management and creative team, that shape the brand's identity and positioning for the months and sometimes years to come. When we make decisions to stay relevant with our collections, we cannot ignore the tradition of our brand. When something speaks to us, it is essential to know it in order to understand its voice.   How is Collini's archive heritage used? The tool to learn about our brand’s tradition is the archive. It is the voice of our heritage and the way this [element] speaks to us. This is why consulting and referencing the archive has become a natural, almost automatic operation when we conceptualize a new collection. In some collections, the archive makes cameos. In the Spring 2020 collection, for example, the face of our "Heroine" set in the front of our sweatshirt of deadly sins comes from an image in the archive. The archive is like a lighthouse for us: it is not a place to go back to because there is no port; on the contrary, we need to move away from it to surf peacefully, but we must always keep an eye on it. To help us interpret our archive, we work with Raffaello Collini, the heir of the Collini family who greatly supports us in the reconstruction of the long and adventurous history of the family and of the brand.   Your latest campaign was shot by Asger Carlsen, an unconventional photographer for the world of luxury. How important is communication to you? Communication is a fundamental pillar of our company and of our fashion process. Collini pursues an aesthetic that is undoubtedly original in the world of contemporary fashion, and thus has a unique point of view. This uniqueness in style must, in my view, go with similar originality in communication. Hence our continuous search for unusual creative encounters and mutually beneficial work alongside artists in other fields. The collaboration with Asger Carlsen for our campaign has naturally developed, as his art and our fashion share a common interest in the human body and its transfiguration. Asger is clearly a contemporary master of the transfiguration of the human body. But to think of it, the transfiguration of the human body is exactly what makes fashion and its incessant game of uncovering what is normally covered, covering what is uncovered, and mixing masculine and feminine influence. In this game of the human body, Asger and Collini have found a common ground of aesthetic understanding for the “Break the Rules” campaign, showing a fantastic universe of super-women and super-transfigured men.   Collini's new point of view is a bold world of ostentation. What prompted you to break with the past? In reality, the root of Collini's new aesthetic point of view lies in its tradition and in the fashion sense of the founding family. Since 1937, the brand has dressed the Milanese and Italian elites with the most valuable and expensive items on the fashion market. It is therefore intimately glamorous and associated with a suggestion of great exclusivity and prestige. Precisely, this necessary connection with the bourgeois elites has contributed to favoring the conservative side of Collini when creating new collections. However, when I bought the company, I realized that even forty years ago, the brand was experimenting a lot with bold and disruptive aesthetic codes. Some archival images from the late '70s prove this, revealing extraordinary modern experimentation. The brand today - despite its autonomy from the past - feeds on this lymph of glamour and experimentation that has always accompanied the tradition. Collini's current aesthetic - in its audacity and rock & roll - follows two major guidelines: glamour and experimentation. And it's nice to know that these are brand attitudes that come from afar and sink into our tradition.

How did the idea of ​​capital vices for the Spring 2020 collection come about? 
Collini has a great tradition that, since its founding in 1937, has evolved and changed profoundly in many respects. However, a central and constant motif of the brand has always been the representation of an empowered and unapologetic woman in control. Almost all the innumerable images in our archive are proof of this. Under my management, Collini is going to continue this mission to accompany the style of a free and unapologetic woman. But free and unapologetic also means free to sin without having to hide or apologize. This is the conceptual genesis of the theme of our Spring 2020 collection: a reflection on the most profound and subtle aspects of being a woman in the modern world. A reflection that we will also pursue in our future collections by addressing different aspects of contemporary femininity. For this collection, we use sin as an opportunity for the modern woman's self-affirmation. Not something to be ashamed of or conceal, but something to declare and show off. Hence the sweatshirts labeled with the names of deadly sins, the ubiquitous and versatile metal charms with the deadly sins that can be easily applied to clothing, outerwear, bags, and shoes. Because sin must be easy...or not. Hence the bags, which declare sin with their prints and sharp studs and which, I hope for our clients, can contain their sins. Hence, in general, the pieces communicate a free and light style which should be the state of mind of the sinner when they sin. Many stars to glorify the sinner and make her a star. Many of the most remembered women of our Catholic tradition, from Eve to Mary Magdalene, are sinners. And so, in our collection, we have glitter and sequins to celebrate our sinners. In short, our vision for Spring 2020 is that of a woman proudly dressed for her sins.  
What defines the uniqueness of Collini Milano 1937?
Our collections are truly innovative and experimental in many ways. For example, some of our iconic pieces include glitter motorcycle pants, shiny gold and silver fringed jackets, a gold printed crocodile coat, a cashmere pullover printed with pure 24K gold, shiny Cuban heel boots and glittery, fluorescent combat boots, jersey sweaters with shiny fringe on the sleeves, and printed leather bags for men with golden metal handles. Many of the looks experiment and combine different aesthetic codes (like rough, technical motorcycle pants and glamorous glitter), genres, and features (the simplicity and comfort of a sweater contrasts with the uber-decoration of fringes on the sleeves). I believe in this constant experimentation between looks. Tomorrow marks the start of Paris Fashion Week, meaning some of this month's most anticipated shows and presentations are imminent. And thanks to the CFDA shortening New York's calendar to just five days like in London and Milan, the French edition of fashion's biggest semi-annual event is now the longest by far. This means many exciting collection debuts as established maisons like Chanel and Louis Vuitton show alongside up-and-comers like Y/Project and Patou, but it also results in a longer wave of street style inspiration during eight days that happen to be just at the start of fall. Just as Paris has defined fashion for centuries, its chicest residents and visitors have the opportunity to set the tone for how to actually wear the latest pieces each season, and a surefire way to discover the best new trends is to see what influential style gurus are wearing as they step out for the shows and presentations. Luckily for anyone wondering exactly who to keep their eyes on in the coming week, several bloggers, stylists, and marketing experts have a proven track record of working the most exciting brands and trends into their personal style. From those who perfectly execute that viral "French girl" aesthetic (whether actually Parisian or not) to others who push boundaries with their eclectic influences, see our top ten stylish figures to follow below, and get ready to have an inside perspective on how to stand out all fall. Based in Paris, Chloé Harrouche is a true master of effortless French girl style. A constant street style fixture around the fashion circuit, she's expanded her reach far beyond photographers and insiders as the woman behind LouLou de Saison, through which the internet can follow her (and her style) as she heads to events in chic locations and shows off her favorite items. The style entrepreneur's basics game is so strong that she founded a knitwear brand, LouLou Studio, which offers a range of sweaters that are easy to throw on but captivate with their creative cuts and techniques. Harrouche has been showing off her style all fashion month, but she's set to have some especially major moments in her home city. Though she's technically Romanian, Sabina Socol is another master of French girl style, as she grew up in France immediately following her birthplace's revolution and thus adopted the culture. She studied journalism and communications in Paris, which led to the start of her career working full-time for a fashion magazine, but ever the independent spirit, the writer decided to go freelance pretty early on. Socol now blogs for several websites as well as working with brands, and her fun and feminine style has captivated a growing online audience. After having a hot girl summer with her own European flair, the it girl is back to showing off artful layering, all with that ever-desirable je ne sais quoi. Ellie Delphine hails from the Caribbean and now lives and works in Paris, leading to a covetable style that blends vibrant tropical style with versatile tailoring and breezy dresses. Her educational and professional background is not in fashion, and her posts started as a just-for-fun way of showing off her different looks. Delphine's strong aesthetic worked out so well for her that she now has an agent and collaborates with a range of up-and-coming and established brands, bringing her air of eclectic chic to it all. The style star is right at home in France's capital city and is sure to provide some of the most fun looks of fashion month as she attends shows over the next week. Darja Barannik was born in St. Petersburg and grew up in Norway, but that cultural duality is just one small piece of her globetrotting style. Having regularly traveled internationally since birth, the writer and style icon knows her way around the hottest brands and can put together a look that feels fresh no matter what city she's currently traversing. A master of cat-eye sunglasses, oversized blazers, and flowy dresses that transition between seasons with ease, she also provides a bit of a definitive guide to who's who in accessories, posting close-ups of shoes and bags from brands like Bottega Veneta and The Row. Beyond just watching her style, be sure to pay attention to which shows she attends—and with who—as Barannik keeps a close and incredibly cool circle. A freelance stylist, Sophia Roe is always finding creative ways to rock neutral pieces, finding interesting silhouettes and layering everything together in such a way that makes her primarily black and gray wardrobe feel anything but minimalist. Living in Copenhagen has taught her that Instagram-ready flair that takes over the Danish city during its fashion week each season, but it also has brought practicality to her style, refreshing amidst a culture of spectacle that often leads to risky looks that are hard to recreate. During fashion week, Roe is likely to be hitting up all the Parisian hotspots while exhibiting a definitive sartorial guide to staying chic and comfortable. What's even more fascinating than the ability to effortlessly put together an outfit for yourself? Doing the same, but with couple style. Enter the life of "Hen-So," AKA Soreya and Henri, who turned their love into one of the most compelling street style blogs. Through artfully posed photos on both their website and their Instagram, the duo shows just how much stronger a look can be when it coordinates perfectly with whoever is by your side. Here's to everlasting love: this world really needs inspiration like this, as adorable as it is chic. As her blog name would suggest, Christie Tyler is based in New York, but a quick look through her partially minimalist, completely aesthetic profile displays the French and vintage inspirations that routinely make their way into her content. She's a fan of brands like Chanel, Burberry, and Bottega Veneta, but each piece effortlessly coordinates with her neutral wardrobe, keeping the focus on her style. Tyler's posts reveal that she loves coffee and fall aesthetics as much as the next person, but it all still feels aspirational with the way it fits into her sun-tinged lens on life.  Tiffany Hsu was always trying to pursue a career in fashion, having trained in design at Central Saint Martins, but most of her ultimate path—MyTheresa's fashion buying director and an accidental influencer—happened as a result of experience and self-discovery. Her official job title and her prominent presence in the street style world work in tandem, as the former keeps her always discovering fascinating new looks to try and the latter has given her a penchant for compelling curation. Hsu alternates between versatile tailoring and flowy, feminine pieces, but perhaps what stands out most is how she's never afraid to give a trending color a try, be it via a blue Bottega bag or a neon green suit by Sies Marjan. Like Hsu, Lisa Aiken is a buyer who consistently turns the heads of photographers and the Instagram world with her sense of style. Possessing a background in everything from marketing to editorial, she's now found a place as the Moda Operandi's fashion and buying director, a natural fit as she's always making trending brands fit perfectly into her signature style. From oversized blazers to leather skirts with surprising movement, Aiken's style is fashion-forward yet easily applicable to a busy lifestyle. With this and her desire to continue evolving, she's certainly someone to watch on the street style circuit and beyond. Babba Rivera is a master entrepreneur, having made Forbes' 30 Under 30, grown brands like Uber and Away, and founded her own brand marketing agency, By.Babba. And while her business strengths are the true stars of the show, her outfits are just as compelling as she travels the world with fun colors, statement bags, and some Blair Waldorf-approved headbands. It's always great to see someone deep into the business side of things have so much fun with fashion, and the way Rivera constantly explores different aesthetics provides inspiration for anyone looking to shake up their style. The upcoming winter season marks a big milestone for Pierre Hardy, as his eponymous label is celebrating 20 years making its mark on luxury footwear. The designer, who had previous experience and connections from collaborating with multiple luxury brands, struck out on his own in 1999 when he wanted to leave his own creative signature on footwear. Since then, Hardy has built a portfolio of shoe designs that play with inspirations from culture, art, and architecture, helping to define the 21st-century footwear scene. With two decades of work at his brand behind him, Hardy is celebrating his accomplishments through a capsule collection launching exclusively with Barneys New York. The line is a retrospective on past designs, re-releasing a lucky thirteen styles that originated between Winter 1999 and Winter 2017. Together, the curation displays the range and vibrancy of the footwear designer's approach, highlighting pieces like the Oh Roy!, a Winter 2014 nod to Lichtenstein and manga featuring cartoon doe eyes, and the Marfa, a cut-out cowboy boot from Winter 2015 that makes an artsy statement perfect to bring back as musicians like Lil Nas X and Megan Thee Stallion reinvent Western aesthetics.   Hardy and Barney's are especially highlighting a re-edit of the Blade, a Winter 1999 stiletto that helped to put the footwear brand on the map with its sharp, thin heel and reinventive shape. Classic yet slightly unconventional, the shoe meets in the middle of stiletto and pump territory for a look that has come to define the designer's eponymous label and fit into a range of aesthetics. In celebration, Hardy has released several sketches that colorfully convey the modern feeling of the shoes. Starting today, the capsule is available at Barneys on Madison Avenue as well as the department store's website. The Blade heel will also be available at Pierre Hardy stores in New York, Paris, and Tokyo and online at PierreHardy.com. With waves of nostalgia continuing to embrace the late '90s and early aughts, prepare to see some architectural, graphic interpretations on these trends as people begin to rock the retrospective collection. Guo Pei is the definition of a couturier. While she's technically a guest member of the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture, all her work roots back to the artistic side of fashion, with an intricate portfolio of designs that has moved beyond being a Chinese celebrity favorite to achieve international acclaim. Guo has been showing in Paris since the beginning of 2016, just after she caught the attention of the Western world with the gown Rihanna wore to the 2015 Met Gala. We all know the one: with a maximalist train, a border of lush fur, and the designer's expert embroidery, the true fashion moment cemented its wearer as a style icon and Guo as a couturier to watch around the globe when it debuted in celebration of "China: Through the Looking Glass," that year's edition of the museum's annual fashion exhibit. Since then, the fashion world has kept its eye on the designer as she presents collections full of symbolism and luxurious details in Paris each season.  Now, Guo has returned to the city that made her famous in the West, this time for an exhibition at Sotheby's. As part of the auction house's Asia Week, a curated selection of her designs will be on view alongside several artworks through Monday, September 9. Exhibited alongside the traditional Chinese artworks both in her own exhibition and across several others, the couturier's creations stand out both in their references to the past and their modern eclecticism. A true highlight is the way the dresses coincide with the objects in the same vicinity, sharing key details that display the way Guo brings multiple periods and traditions into the fashion space. "I was looking at the dragons that are coming up at the bottom of this red dress, and their elongated necks, and I can't help but think of [one of the artworks]," Angela McAteer, Sotheby’s Head of Chinese Works of Art, said of how the selections align. "I mean, it's uncanny, some of it. And this is made somewhere between 200 BC to 200 AD, whereas some of the crane or phoenix designs on the blue jacket reference the 16th through 18th centuries. You can place them across a huge spectrum of dynastic periods. It's fascinating. " The spectrum of time McAteer mentions is just one of the ways Guo integrates multiple influences into her work. Never one to stick to only one source of cultural inspiration, the designer also brings together her Chinese background with her experiences engaging with the Western world. She aims to use her work to spark exploration of multiple cultures and histories, crafting an eclectic, globalized dialogue that brings her couture into a truly modern space. "As an artist, it's my responsibility to take history and bring it to the present or even the future," Guo said. "I'm not saying to bring people back to the past, but it's a reminder to understand history...it's not something that we have seen in the past, because otherwise, people may not be interested, but that doesn't mean the past can't translate to work now. You can say it's more of a modern, or contemporary, type of couture." Ahead of today's exhibition opening, L'Officiel USA had the chance to speak with Guo about the new project, what she loves about the color gold, and where she believes couture stands today. What was the process like collaborating on the curation? This was my first time collaborating with Sotheby's. It's such a prestigious, world-renowned company, and it's rare to see haute couture collaborate with art and transcend the two spheres at the same time. It's rare and it's great. Because it's not something you see on a daily basis, this is a great opportunity to show haute couture to the world.   How do the couture designs compare with the artworks? With haute couture, every dress is like a work of art. It shows many years of culture and art, and it's very historical and emotional. It transcends memory and challenges those who experience it to continue to be creative in their roles within society. It also challenges our view of the past.    What is one thing you want the world to know about Chinese fashion? In Chinese heritage, our culture is our life. It's our blood; it's inseparable [from our identity]. The pieces themselves are very natural. The culture that we have in China deliver a message to the world, letting everyone understand our cultural history, our ancestors, and the emotions we want to show the world.   Many people still know you best for the gown you designed for Rihanna at the 2015 Met Gala. When people are intrigued by this, what do you hope they discover about your body of work?   I want to show the power of beauty and love. I strongly believe that we as humans pursue a high level of beauty. Due to changes over time, our standards of beauty are different than they were hundreds of years ago, but because this world is getting more fast-paced and more connected, we can connect to our past through recognizing this similar level of beauty. I want people to discover this unified appreciation of beauty.   Where do you get your inspiration for your work? My inspiration comes from my daily life and my culture. I also believe every artist has a similar inspiration of creating work that takes from their background and experiences, and through this, we encounter emotions and deeper influences. The pieces take inspiration from my culture and my past, but it's not only from the East, as Western civilization also comes through in the pieces I've developed.   As a couturier, how do you think fashion and art enhance each other and how does this exhibit show this? Haute couture is more similar to art instead of the fashion you see every day. Sometimes, when you look at this piece, it's not realistic, it's something beyond what you usually see, and it's more similar to what an artist pursues and has a symbolic presentation. But unlike paintings and sculptures, which one person can finish, it's the result of collaboration with a strong team, with sophistication and a high level of skill that they can use to produce a collaborative piece to show to the world. The clothing itself is like a structure, but if you look at the embroidery, it's similar to the skin of a human. These are the types of details that show in this form of art.   In a world that's so fast-paced, where do you think couture stands? It's true that technology and the world are getting faster and faster, but at the same time, we shouldn't forget the past, as well as human needs. As an artist, it's my responsibility to bring history to now, or even to the future. I'm not saying to bring viewers back to the past, but it's reminding people to understand history. And it's not like there is a mutually exclusive process from the past to the present and future, and creating something now can transcend time. It's not something that we have seen in the past, because otherwise, people may not be interested, but that doesn't mean the past doesn't translate to work now. So you can say it's more of a modern, or contemporary, type of couture.   As a couture designer, you're typically showing your work in shows alongside other couture houses, but this Asia Week exhibition coincides with New York Fashion Week, and it's also showing more of your work to people in New York. What does this mean to you to have this happening? Fashion plays a big role in our world. In this industry, fashion is a part of life on a daily basis, and in the sense of comprehending and communicating, it's great to inspire each other through different cultures during Fashion Week and at this couture exhibition. We don't just want to inspire people with the Eastern culture I have in these pieces, but we also want to let others inspire me with the work they are presenting. To improve and keep going in this world, you have to acquire new sources of inspiration. You have to keep communicating with each other, not only through fashion but also through culture and language.   You're also working on a sale next month with gold in London. What do you think is the power of gold in enhancing fashion? Gold is actually my favorite color. The reason why is that the color shows a high level of wealth, and even culturally it symbolizes power. And it's very warm, like the sun. In human history, gold was the first to have acquired that high status.   Is there a piece you've created using gold that especially stands out to you for what the material brought to it? There are two pieces that I really like. One is "Little Gold," which I designed in 2006, and the other is "Big Gold," which was on view in the Met for the "China: Through the Looking Glass" exhibit. For that one, it took six years to research and develop, and they used the thinnest golden thread for these pieces. Because of the technique as well as the time and effort that we have put in so far, I can assure you the quality is worthy of emperors in my culture. That type of extravagance is like nothing I've ever seen in other museums that have displayed such techniques of these dresses. I wanted to show the world how much goes into an haute couture piece.   Do you have anything else you'd like to add? I'm hoping—and actually I believe—that haute couture should be considered art. It presents ideas of today alongside those of history, and its complexity evokes memories. I hope that in New York as well as next month in London, people can view it in a very artistic way, to appreciate this haute couture. Though Courtney Love was neither born nor raised in New York City, she is very emblematic of the independent New York spirit, and that is in part why the unapologetic icon was invited to tell her New York story in a new short film for the luxury accessories house Delvaux.  “I saw someone from Duran Duran over there, I saw Cyndi Lauper getting into a limo over there, and then I had them drive me to the Chelsea Hotel, and I saw two drag queens coming out and it was fabulous,” the musician reminisces in the film, while getting out of her own town car on snow-covered Fifth Avenue, decked in a prim bow blouse, and carrying a Delvaux bag.  Directed by Francesco Carrozzini, the son of the late Vogue Italia editor Franca Sozzani, "New York Stories" follows four spirited women - Love, musician Asia Chow, model Chanel Iman, and entrepreneur Nell Diamond, as they reminisce on their first moments in the city, and how the streets make one feel alive. “There’s so much energy in this little town,” Love shares in her low, raspy voice. Delvaux recently opened up shop at the corner of Central Park, in the renowned Sherry-Netherland. While Love’s New York may be more of a downtown divey ilk, it is all one big city. Here, Love confesses to what she loved about the city in those heady days, her upcoming fashion week plans, and why new New Yorkers should be “ready to sleep on dirt and eat gravel.” 
In the Delvaux film "New York Stories," you liken the city to caramel corn, coffee, and spilled whiskey. Coffee is a given - tell us more about the caramel corn and spilled whiskey parts. It is comforting and edgy in equal parts. It’s a dive bar in the LES, and drag queens in the ‘80s.   People tend to lament New York isn’t fun anymore, so please weigh in. Is New York still fun?  New York will always have special energy; it will always be fabulous. I don’t know how I survived the ‘80s downtown, but I lived on that energy.   What’s a night out with Courtney Love like? Massages, jasmine tea, and Netflix, probably.    What advice do you have for young people who have just arrived on these city streets, ready to chase their dreams? Own what you are, and I mean whether that's art, or whether that's fashion, or whether that's music, or whether that's acting, or whether that's politics, or whether that's literature; it's own what you are, and grab it, and, you know, be as prolific as possible. Work really really hard. Be ready to sleep on dirt and eat gravel. With great responsibility comes great power. With that comes sights tastes sounds unheard of. Be generous, empathic, giving. See the world for what it isn’t and refuse to waver from that vision for anyone. Fill the world with benevolence and empathy and beauty. Even in chaos, there is that.    Who is your ultimate New York icon? Nancy Spungen.   What about New York makes you happy? Being in New York with my dog Bella makes me happy.   What is the one NYC clothing shop you wish you could resurrect? Canal Jeans, on Canal Street in Soho.   If not New York, then where? I love Oxfordshire and I love Malibu, so that’s two bodies of water. My third is the Chateau [Marmont].    Fashion week is right around the corner. Are you attending any shows?  I’m [going to the] Christian Siriano and Sies Marjan shows.   Tell us about your first (or favorite) New York Fashion Week memory. Batsheva Hay’s runway show in her shop. Her line was all babydoll dresses, and Esther McGregor sang "Miss World."   Favorite item/trend you are wearing right now? Designer Edward Crutchley, and skirts.   What was so special about partnering with Delvaux and director Francesco Carrozzini? I really love Delvaux. I adored the micro bags, the Surrealism collection. They are super witty - I love Magritte. And I thought their choice of influencers was cool and really diverse. Fran is one of the great photographers of his generation, certainly. He’s fantastic and trustworthy. The day that he shot me was a slushy New York winter day, I felt awful, but I did it because he had once shot my cover for Interview magazine, within an hour. If only ever. Experienced that with Steven Meisel, Bruce Weber- and the shot? He dumped a pitcher of water on my head and laughed, and there it was! I love him. He always smells like oranges, he looks like the sunshine, and he is Italy on two legs. So sunny in disposition, we have had some amazing adventures, and he is about the most charming boy in the world. "He leaves a big void," reads the sad message on the Instagram account of Peter Lindbergh, who died yesterday at the age of 74. Lindbergh was one of the most important fashion photographers ever, producing groundbreaking work for decades until the time of his death. His family did not communicate the exact circumstances, but his death is unexpected, according to recent weeks, which saw no slowing down in his consistent stream of work. Born in Poland, the photographer grew up in Germany and became world-famous in the late '80s and early '90s when he began revolutionizing magazine covers and working with the era's pioneering supermodels including Linda Evangelista, Naomi Campbell, and Cindy Crawford. Since then, Lindbergh's name has often lived within the same breath as those of fashion's most famous. While previously, heavily stylized and polished models adorned the covers of fashion magazines, suddenly a batch of natural-looking sex appeal took over thanks to the famous photographer, who opposed retouching and became a maverick and rebel in the fashion industry for his black-and-white, honest approach to showcasing contemporary beauty. Because our words fail in honoring the immense impact of his talent, we have chosen to share ten of the best quotes that he shared over the years. Each one proves Lindbergh's sincerity and modesty, giving even more reasons he is an irreplaceable figure within the industry. On Photoshop Not using Photoshop is an ethical choice and not an aesthetic one. Photoshop removes humanity: signs of time and experience are simply erased. I am convinced that true beauty can only result from self-acceptance, from the awareness of who we are: it is a matter of identity. On Women Women are much more open and courageous. They have more guts and take far more risks than men. I look at women the way they really are. Maybe that's why they can free themselves from themselves in front of my lens. On Instagram I love Instagram! For specific reasons, that is: as long as you don't use it to show the world that you are going out to eat with, say, Brad Pitt. If you have something to say, you can reach the right people, while this used to be unthinkable. But to measure someone's value based on the number of followers, that's just one of those ridiculous things about it. On Aging People sometimes ask if I want to quit. I am now 72, but why would I want to quit? So I say no, certainly because I am now handling everything better. With the best of intentions, but I must not impress anyone. My brain can now function properly. If people look at me now, I really don't care. It's a nice feeling. On the Urge for Perfection Almost everything has been retouched, and that perfection is terrorizing the world. That urge for perfection is the most capricious thing. But it is a strong weapon for commerce to make people believe that that is beautiful. Because who doesn't want to be beautiful? I want it too, but it takes me too much effort. Someone with a commercial motive wants you to believe that perfection is beauty. But perfection is an insult. On Working with Supermodels The funny thing is that I just ask everyone to stand in front of my lens: who I am in love with, who I admire, everyone I wanted to marry after having worked together for 25 years, but for which I didn't have the balls to ask. On a Distorted Image of Beauty The cosmetics industry has brainwashed us all. I'm not retouching anything. "Oh, but she looks tired," they say. And then if she looks tired? Tired and beautiful. On Makeup My reaction during photoshoots was often, "Take the makeup off. It looks terrible." If one of them said, "Oh, but I have a contract with Revlon, I can't photograph without makeup." Then I answered, "Why would you draw something so absurd?" On Real Photos It's not that I care about "being sincere." It is the only thing that I am interested in. On Disagreements with Vogue In 1987, Lindbergh made it clear to Alexander Liberman, then creative director of Condé Nast, why he did not want to work for American Vogue at the time: "I just can't tolerate that type of photos of women in your magazine." On That History-Making Supermodel Cover I just had no idea that this would make history. I didn't think about that for a second. I didn't even do anything, just used a little bit of light. It just came naturally, effortlessly. We did not feel that we would change the world; it was all intuition. After going through shortlisting and a finalist stage, the annual LVMH prize finally has its sixth winner, as Thebe Magugu has marked history as the highly coveted award's first African recipient. The Johannesburg-based designer stood out against a record number of applicants (more than 1,700 from 100 countries), impressing a high-profile jury that included Marc Jacobs, Nicolas Ghesquière, Maria Grazia Chiuri, Humberto Leon, Carol Lim, Jonathan Anderson, and Clare Waight Keller. The prize consists of 300,000 euros and a year-long mentorship program with an LVMH group company.   Originally hailing from Kimberly in South Africa, Magugu moved to Johannesburg to study fashion design at LISOF. Shortly after interning and working for various designers, he created his eponymous womenswear label. To understand his aesthetic, think Elie Saab meets Christian Lacroix: utterly feminine with a folklore twist. His simple, colorful, and unexpected mixtures of materials embody his South African roots along with his vision of the modern-day woman. “Together with our pillar values of quality, novelty, and culture, we constantly seek new ways of presenting women with clothing that both complies with and enhances the everyday," Magugu said of his philosophy. "Sleek, forward-looking design intersects with motifs from our continent’s storied past, providing smart, multifaceted clothes as valuable as their woman.”  Hed Mayner, who presents his androgynous collections in Paris, received the Prix Karl Lagerfeld, which recently received its new name to honor the late designer after previously being known as the Jury Prize or Special Prize. Delphine Arnault, the founder of the prize, honored Lagerfeld by saying, “This event owes much to Karl Lagerfeld, a creative genius with immense intelligence who was present since the prize's creation in 2013.” The young Israeli designer took home 150,000 euros as well as a one-year mentoring program.  The two winners join an exclusive circle of talent that includes Grace Wales Bonner, Marques'Almeida, Marine Serre, and Jacquemus.   Fashion designer Marine Serre’s new short film, “Radiation,” combines the designer's lookbook with a glimpse into what she imagines Paris could be like in a future that might not be so distant. With the help of 3D digital artists Rick Farin and Claire Cochran, Serre’s Fall 2019 designs take digital form in a post-apocalyptic world that appears to perfectly align with their aesthetic. The only speaking in the film comes from the radio that wakes up one of the characters. Aside from the brief news story telling of the devastation storms brought to swaths of the U.S., the only recognizable sounds that emerge from behind the strange soundtrack is that of birds chirping. That everyday sound becomes alarming when it accompanies the neon green miasma floating around the streets of Paris. Eventually, the scene shifts to a brighter, more isolated setting, but with the figure's distant gaze and slow, repetitive dancing, something still feels eerie about it all. The first model wakes up in her small, dark space, where funguslike plants grow through her bare mattress. She wears Serre’s signature moon-printed catsuit, but in this setting, one could almost believe it was her skin. The model then leaves her hideout and heads out into the street, where she finds a few strange figures walking past. Underneath a decayed Arc de Triomphe, another moon-stamped figure picks some of the plants that have overgrown in a city almost devoid of human life. Serre has built her reputation on mixing elements of classic French fashion with quasi-athletic, otherworldly style to create what she’s named “Futurewear." Although the clothes have stylish details and accessories, the overall look seems more utilitarian in function. The catsuit makes a second skin by covering the parts of the body the heavy denim and winter coats leave bare, and some ensembles, such as the one above, feature a matching face mask. The designer uses vintage fabrics and works to reduce the waste that is typical in the fashion industry. Hopefully, consumers will wear her designs in the future not just because they need to survive the post-apocalyptic world of “Radiation,” but because they simply want to. Yesterday marked the start of the 76th edition of the Venice Film Festival, the annual event where talents flock to the water-filled Italian city to celebrate the next big moments in cinema. The festival opened with the world premiere of Hirokazu Koreeda's 'The Truth,' a French-Japanese drama starring Juliette Binoche and Catherine Deneuve. Along with fellow "Big Three" festivals in Cannes and Berlin, the Biennale's premier film event attracts attention with a jury of high-profile figures from cinema as well as an impressive selection of competing works. Pay attention to what's happening in Venice and you're sure to have a hint at who might be racking up nominations come awards season in a few months, in addition to getting many ideas for your culture fix this fall. But beyond the artistic masterpieces that give the event its reason for being, the Venice Film Festival provides an eleven-day-long fashion feast as the world's biggest stars walk down the red carpet. Coming at the tail end of the dog days of summer, when it seems all of fashion and entertainment have been on vacation all month, the festival's opening reminds everyone who's spent this summer carrying basket bags and wearing Coco Beach that glamorous gowns create just as captivating moments (absolutely no offense to everyone's favorite summer staples, of course--it's just exciting to see the red carpet back in action). The festival's opening saw a strong start of actors, musicians, and models making boldly beautiful statements, so we have compiled some of the best looks to share the Venetian magic. Take a look below, and get excited for what some key faces may be wearing when it comes time for awards season this winter. 23 years after Cindy Crawford starred in an Omega campaign, she has passed the baton to daughter (and model-of-the-moment) Kaia Gerber. This is a natural choice for the brand, which stays true to family values, and it couldn't be more exciting to see the lookalike rising star show off the chicest ways to keep time. Far beyond walking nearly every runway, Gerber has captivated the world on Instagram and in the streets with her effortless, California style. A perfect mix of West Coast ease and Gen-Z cool, her looks consistently garner major attention and inspire others to emulate it. As the new face of the De Ville Trésor watch, the rising fashion star has unveiled tips to help the world understand the keys to her style. Hint: though having her exact essence is nearly impossible, following her guidelines to look a bit more like her is much easier than you think. What are the pieces a woman should always have in her wardrobe? Denim in all its forms. It's my indispensable everyday piece. A white t-shirt, to dress up or down. An oversized blazer, and a pair of sneakers. Your style in three words? Less is more. An outfit that defines you? Jeans, a white t-shirt, a pair of sneakers, and a gold watch. The accessory you never leave the house without? A watch is the finishing touch of any outfit. What is your favorite Trésor model? My new interpretation of the Omega Constellation, with the camouflage bracelet. What is the best piece of advice you have received? My mom always told me to follow my instincts. Who is your biggest role model? My mom! When Amina Muaddi launched her shoe label on Instagram, her first collection sold out in just one day. This was against all odds, as she had previously considered hiring an expensive agency to announce the launch of her line to the press but instead used the powers of social media to spread the word. Since then, the Romanian-Jordanian designer has stood out by building a personal, direct relationship with her clientele through the sharing platform, providing a brand experience like no other. It seems like every influencer has a pair of her viral shoes, and Muaddi has caught the attention of celebrities as well: Rihanna, Kendall Jenner, and Dua Lipa are fans.

Muaddi's signature style? Stiletto heels with a distinctive flared base. Hard to describe in words, you have to see the heel (if you haven't already) to understand, but it's definitely a work of art. You can easily recognize Muaddis from afar in the street, especially if you live in a major fashion city. Instagram has been under the spell of the designer's geometrically fascinating aesthetic for a while now, evident from the 81,200 followers on the brand's Instagram account and another 225,000 on her personal page. Before the birth of her brand, Muaddi was already a major presence at fashion weeks. She was often spotted alongside the Italian influencers Gilda Ambrosio and Giorgia Tordini, Italian influencers who themselves run a successful brand, The Attico. With her striking appearance, playful style, and a firm dose of attitude, Muaddi often made street style's best-dressed lists before she even started selling her footwear line.

And while we are still on the topic of aesthetics, Muaddi's sense of style comes through clearly in her designs, which strike a perfect harmony between form, color, and material. She describes the style of her shoes as sassy. To that, we would add playful, flamboyant, and a little bit dramatic. See photos of the viral shoes below, and get ready for what's certainly about to be a fashion month full of Muaddi sightings (both human and sartorial). Rihanna's new LVMH fashion brand Fenty hasn't even been around long enough for a single fashion month to pass by, but today it already debuted its third collection. Continuing to capitalize off its namesake designer's highly covetable sense of style and penchant for celebrating diversity, Release 8-19 offers a luxe mix of jackets, miniskirts, blouses, and stilettos among other items, each of which is ready to make wearers look put-together and effortlessly cool as fall arrives. The tailoring and menswear inspiration especially stand out, providing some incredibly trend-forward inspiration for looking like a boss in the office, on the streets, and beyond. The campaign, featuring the talents of British art photographer Liz Johnson Artur, follows a group of model cool kids around Peckham, South London. Featuring a mix of colorful, Instagram-ready closeups and sophisticated black-and-white snaps, the photos capture a uniquely London feel as the cast walks the streets, poses in some artsy-chic environments, and lets loose on the playground. With the Barbadian designer showing off the third collection from her Paris-based label in London, Fenty's new release shows a truly global perspective on what's hot in fashion. Release 8-19, available online starting today, continues to show the power of Rihanna's influence and of embracing the internet-era drop format. Influencers and fashion elite are surely scrolling through Fenty's site right now, scrambling to order the luxury pieces in hopes of showing them off during the imminent Spring 2020 fashion shows. Get ready to see a lot of Fenty in street style photography, and hopefully some Rihanna moments, all next month. See photos from the campaign below, and head to fenty.com to see the full collection. Half a year after Karl Lagerfeld died in Paris mid-fashion month, his industry is understandably still working to navigate life without his presence and figure out how to properly honor him. After a six-decade career with over half that time spent simultaneously at the helm of Chanel, Fendi, and his eponymous brand, the designer set himself apart from just any creative director to become a household name and veritable icon. His longtime labels organized a memorial in June that allowed the fashion world to pay tribute in the Grand Palais (where he routinely showed for Chanel), and with the chapter of saying goodbye closed, top industry figures have now been strategizing ways to honor his legacy moving forward. In news that wasn't surprising but certainly got people talking, rumor has it the Met will theme its annual fashion exhibition around Lagerfeld, but now the industry has a concrete update: LVMH will dedicate its Special Prize to the late designer. The news comes just a week before the contest's sixth edition, and the new name will be in effect beginning when the conglomerate presents the sixth edition of its prizes on September 4. And it's a natural progression, as Lagerfeld always showed his support for the prize, acting as a judge and making the already prestigious award that much more exciting. Since 2014, designers under 40 have applied in the thousands to compete for the award, and after the contest narrows in shortlist and finalist phases, standout talents receive 300,000 and 150,000 euros (respectively for Grand and Special Prize winners) and a one-year mentorship with LVMH to get expert information on all aspects of running a fashion house. Grand prize winners like Grace Wales Bonner and Marine Serre have achieved international success with their unique visions, and even finalists have become some of the industry's most exciting names—think Brandon Maxwell, Cecilie Bahnsen, and Virgil Abloh. The Special Prize is actually the competition's equivalent to second place, but it equally foreshadows success in fashion, as winners like Shayne Oliver and Simon Porte Jacquemus have made indelible marks on the runway scene.  Now, in addition to the existing acclaim and offerings, whoever wins the Special Prize will get to say they earned the award named for Karl Lagerfeld. That's a major accomplishment for any young designer, and a fitting way to keep the icon present after years of serving on the jury. When this year's contest ends next week, eight finalists will be awaiting results: Kunihiko Morinaga of Anrealage, Bethany Williams, Emily Adams Bode, Hed Mayner, Kenneth Ize, Spencer Phipps, Stefan Cooke and Jake Burt of Stefan Cooke, and Thebe Magugu. The Grand Prize winner, as well as the inaugural designer to receive the Lagerfeld honor, will certainly have the world's attention as they gain status as top picks of elite jury members like Clare Waight Keller, Nicolas Ghesquière, Marc Jacobs, and Maria Grazia Chiuri. Three recent graduates will also take home awards, receiving 10,000 euros each as well as year-long placements at LVMH houses. Their recognition is additional proof that fashion keeps evolving as fast as ever, as well as the fact that Rihanna recently launched Fenty under LVMH—the musician and inclusive fashion and beauty entrepreneur is now officially part of an elite circle for these aspiring designers to look up to, and maybe she'll even join the jury one day. But no matter how quickly trends may change and how many new talents enter the public eye, Lagerfeld's immense legacy remains, now only even more visible through the Special Prize renaming. Last night, Marc Jacobs made history at the VMAs by taking home the first-ever MTV Fashion Trailblazer Award. The honor, presented in partnership with the CFDA, paid tribute to the designer's consistent engagement with the most iconic figures in music, from having Lady Gaga walk his Fall 2016 runway to placing stars like Cardi B and Nicki Minaj front row at his shows to countless campaigns and opportunities to dress artists for events and shoots over the years. Jacobs' constant integration of fashion and culture has created a portfolio worthy of both worlds' celebration, and the mood was high on Monday night as he accepted his award. "MTV taught me how to see music I listened to and love," Jacobs said in his speech. "You gave artists a platform to express their music and ideas through moving image, and me a dynamic source of inspiration. I am beyond flattered and proud." Naturally, a fashion icon taking home a VMA warrants a major red carpet moment, and Jacobs did not disappoint. The designer's own look was a classy showstopper, as he paired an artfully tailored Huntsman suit with an Hermès clutch and ruby Prada heels reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz. Arriving alongside husband Char DeFrancesco (who he married this year in a fun-filled ceremony that every celebrity seemed to attend), who himself paired a Tom Ford suit with a bag carrying an outfit change, he truly looked the man of the hour. But Jacobs didn't stop there: he brought a team of five models to the red carpet with him, each wearing a look he first designed for an iconic musician. It was a moment typically only imagined in fashion fever dreams, and it truly satisfied nostalgic cravings with each memorable reference. In case you missed Team Marc Jacobs amidst a sea of celebrities or were curious about exactly who each one referenced, we rounded up each look alongside its original version below. Here's to many more history-making looks from Jacobs in seasons to come. Abby Champion: Lady Gaga Those with a keen fashion eye may remember the look Abby Champion wore from its initial appearance just three months ago, during the weekend before the Met Gala. Co-chair Lady Gaga, embracing campy fashion style but still on a classy high from dominating awards season (both in red carpet glamour and in wins for A Star is Born's "Shallow"), found a happy medium for a pre-gala luncheon in this voluminous, striped Jacobs minidress, which she had paired with platform booties and an over-the-top fascinator. Champion showed a softer way to rock the style, completing her look with open-toed heels and tousled hair. Hiandra Martinez: Beyoncé It may have been a few years, but the original moment behind Hiandra Martinez's red carpet look is something the world surely remembers. Back in 2015, Beyoncé wore the sequined jacket and floral gown combo on the cover of Vogue's September issue. The look provides timeless glamour with the perfect degree of star-power edge, and it couldn't be more exciting to this time see it venture out into the world. Lineisy Montero: Taylor Swift This long, sheer, and glittery number's first appearance was on none other than the record-breaking musician behind Lover, being one of several futuristic dresses Swift rocked in Vogue's May 2016 cover story. Initially styled to show off the pop star's mile-long legs with major platform heels, the gown looks just as glamorous on the equally tall Montero. Cara Taylor: Missy Elliott Of course, Jacobs couldn't execute a nostalgia project without paying tribute to Elliott, who herself took home a special honor by receiving the 2019 MTV Video Vanguard Award. Providing a casually but equally stylish break from the surrounding models' gowns, Taylor's tracksuit initially appeared on the June 2017 cover of Elle. Today, with '90s and '00s style fully back and the iconic rapper having returned to releasing major music videos, it couldn't be a better time for the cool look to get a second wind. Anok Yai: Rihanna This floral gown made its very first appearance within Jacobs' Spring 2016 collection that debuted at the Ziegfeld Theatre, but its most memorable moment was on none other than the Fenty empress. Rihanna rocked the look alongside sneakers in February 2016, creating a casual glamour that was perfect for performing at a MusiCares Person of the Year event. In fitting tribute, Yai also wore sneakers, with hers making a new statement via pointed toes. Fashion houses are always working to create original products that become objects of desire. When a brand gets this right, fans immediately covet the products and obsess over learning every detail of the stories behind them. One such hit that's captured the attention of the world for decades with its distinctive look is Maison Margiela's split-toe Tabi boot. When Martin Margiela exhibited his first eponymous collection in 1989, the hooflike shoes, inspired by two-fingered Tabi socks in Japanese culture, made their grand debut and became a pillar of the French fashion house. Since then, their distinctive look has stuck and spawned many reinterpretations. "I wanted to create an ‘invisible’ shoe, the illusion of a bare foot walking on a high, chunky heel," Margiela once said of his inspiration. This concept worked, creating a look that at once feels natural and maximalist. The designer seemed to foresee that the piece he created would be on fashion's favorites list for years. At the beginning of August, the brand debuted a new version of its iconic shoe. Taking inspiration from duct tape, the shoe has captivated onlookers with its creased, silvery appearance and is sure to be popular among street style looks this fashion month. Now, the boots have another reinvention, this time with an eye-catching graffiti appearance. The new style will be available for purchase sometime in September both in-store and online, and while the Tabi boots seem sure to be one of the most popular items in the capsule, those who don't want to dip their toes into the bold footwear can also carry their love for Margiela via a bucket bag or mini bag. It seems it's only a matter of time before these pieces are burning all over the fashion world. If you haven't heard the name Maisie Wilen, it's time to learn about this up-and-coming label that's been taking over Instagram and the fashion world. After spending three years working on Yeezy's viral collections, designer Maisie Schloss received Kanye West's first-ever designer incubator grant, destining her for major attention as she started her solo line. After an exclusive friends and family debut in Los Angeles, the first Maisie Wilen collection officially launched with a Pre-Spring 2020 collection in Paris on June 20, and from that point forward, everyone knew the name of the young creative behind the colorful, form-fitting looks every it-girl has been wearing. Naturally, the Kardashian-Jenner sisters are big fans, with Kim, Kendall, and Kylie each rocking looks by the new contemporary label, but the styles have also shown up on talents of the moment like Megan Rapinoe, Camila Mendes, and Jorja Smith. 
With the lively patterns and interesting cuts of Schloss's designs, it's easy to see why so many celebrities are obsessed. The debut collection takes inspiration from rhythmic gymnastics and robotics, with ergonomic, flowing lines and elegant fluidity that emerge from ultimate rigidity and calculated systems. The brand has a standout look thanks to its rich textures, prints, and playful yet sexy silhouettes, making it perfect for an oversaturated modern world and ever so mesmerizing to watch as it rises. The designer's debut subtly references her Yeezy background while incorporating her own style and talent, allowing her to capture lasting attention before the public even has a chance to purchase her designs⁠—until the collection hits the market in November, Maisie Wilen's star power gets its fuel from pop-cultural appeal. Get to know a bit more about Schloss as she talks with L'Officiel USA about her inspiration, style icons, and hidden talent. What inspired you to start your own brand?
Starting my own brand is something I've always dreamed of doing. Kanye's offer of support was the sign it was officially time. Other than Kanye obviously, who would you say has been your biggest support system as you grow your brand?
My friends! I'm very fortunate to have a great group of friends who are not only talented but are also so supportive and always willing to help. Did you always know you wanted to be a designer from a young age?
Yes—I like to say I've been grooming myself for this since I was 12. Who has been your style icon through developing your brand and why?
I have a group of icons who I love for having a truly personal style, which includes Dolly Parton, Kim Kardashian West, Nudie Cohn, Lady Miss Kier, Bjork, Yayoi Kusama, and Grace Jones. You've had so many celebrities wear your brand in such a short time. Who have you been most excited about?
I've been lucky to have some amazing talent request for Maisie Wilen and I've truly been honored by every single one. That said, North West was particularly exciting for me. She's a style icon at six! What's one thing about you that most people don't know?
I'm an excellent baker. Carrot cake and peach pie are my specialties. When you aren’t working in the studio, what is it that you do for leisure?
Thrift shopping, going to the beach, hiking, or watching a movie. Who is the typical Maisie Wilen woman?
The Maisie Wilen woman is creative and confident with unconventional taste. She is fashion-conscious yet idiosyncratic, sexy, and playful with her style. Did you expect that Maisie Wilen would blow up immediately after its launch?
No way. What can we expect to see next for Maisie Wilen?
My pre-fall collection, which will show in January 2020. Entrepreneurial designers Kendall and Libby Glazer successfully made their teenage passion for customizable accessories into a full-fledged career, and it all started as a fun hobby. Crafting bracelets at the ages of 15 and 17, the sisters unknowingly birthed Stoney Clover Lane, their brand of bright, personalized travel and lifestyle accessories. “Stoney Clover Lane is really an extension of our lives: from where we travel to how we pack to what we're loving and what we're discovering,” explained the Glazers. “So many products come from something we realize we need in our everyday lives or when we’re preparing for a trip.” From duffle bags to pencil cases, the sisters truly didn’t miss a beat with their extensive product line, filling every void with an eye-catching pouch to carry your belongings in style. Founded in the sisters’ bedroom, Stoney Clover Lane transcended the walls of the house and landed in the palms of celebrities at an alarmingly rapid pace. “We were early to social media, and we decided to use Twitter to reach out to celebrities,” the two told us of their growth strategies. “We hadn’t heard of other brands tweeting to celebrities directly, but we went for it because we knew that we loved seeing what young Hollywood celebrities were wearing and knew other people probably felt the same.” Their efforts paid off, as stars like Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber began sporting their bracelets in 2009, which allowed the Glazers to expand their product offering and explore different realms of accessory design.    Having taken advantage of social media as a marketing strategy early on, Kendall and Libby have established their brand on various platforms. While they use the apps for product promotion and professional branding, they also log on for inspiration from consumers.  “We love interacting with our followers on social media to discuss new ideas and ask their opinions on colors or designs," they explained. "It’s an amazing focus group to have right at our fingertips." Speaking directly to customers, Stoney Clover Lane makes a conscious effort to establish a personal relationship with its supporters, seamlessly coinciding with the endless personalization options that make each purchase unique.  Along with the playful color selections, Stoney Clover Lane offers a multitude of patches that consumers can use to make their bags more personal. Whether it be a monogram of seashell letters or a glittering palm tree, the options are endless to make each purchase your own. After finding success online, Kendall and Libby opened physical locations in Palm Beach and East Hampton, where the customization experience comes to life. “We’ve created a place for people to connect with each other and have fun while making unique designs," they said. "A place where our guests come in groups to celebrate milestones and explore new products that we’re loving." The commemorative and collaborative store experience elevates the brand beyond just accessories and pushes Stoney Clover Lane’s notion of community-building to the forefront. As physical manifestations of the brand’s online success, the stores are realizing the Glazers' dreams of bringing people together via the personalization of their trendy travel essentials. The brand simultaneously caters to modern individualistic tendencies and fosters bonds between its fans, so you can go shopping with your friends without worrying about falling in love with the exact same product. “Go with your gut and figure out the details later,” the sisters said of their mindset as they grow their business. “For us, just going for it has worked to our advantage from day one. Sometimes the best thing to do is trust yourself and your ideas.” With complete trust in their charming designs, the Glazers were able to skyrocket their bedroom hobby into a full-time business, and they’re nowhere near done. The entrepreneurial sisters have plans to expand their engaged community with their store experience and fresh updates to their collection, so more whimsical appeal is certain to come soon. The next generation of celebrity fans could be on the horizon, but regardless of what happens, the brand's bright colors are sure to stand out on Instagram and in real life. See more of Stoney Clover Lane's products here. Adina Kamkhatchi has built herself an empire of embossed accessories at just 23, and it all started in the confines of her college dorm room. With some free time on her hands, the jewelry designer and business mogul decided to capitalize on her intuition for design and fully commit herself to her craft, resulting in Adina's Jewels. Today, the line comprises an array of stunning masterpieces that have been attracting major attention thanks to famous fans like Ariana Grande, Emily Ratajkowski, and Bella and Gigi Hadid. “I always had that special eye for jewelry," Kamkhatchi said of what inspired her to pursue the field. "It always grabbed my attention on the street, and I always had a great passion for business as well. I figured by combining the two, we could make something really great.” With the prosperity of her own jewelry ventures, she’s done exactly that.  “You can have a dream, but if you don't put it to the test and if you don't quite know what you want, it's never going to become a reality,” she explained. With a relentless hustle and countless all-nighters, Kamkhatchi turned her dorm-room dream into a flourishing, professional reality that continues to expand by the day. Having honed in on exactly what she wanted early on, the young designer found major success in her business endeavors and now employs more than 20 people at her namesake brand.  Kamkhatchi entered college studying psychology and added a business minor when she decided to start her company, but her design abilities have always been part of her identity. “I think it was always something that was in me. [It was] in the way that I dress, in the way that I accessorize, and it even came out in my work at school,” she told us. With an innate understanding of design fundamentals, the jewelry entrepreneur was able to master her specialty with intricate techniques and a dedicated process that ultimately allowed her to stand out against competition.  “I like to see the world. I'm a very big tourist," Kamkhatchi explained on her sources of inspiration. "I love that. Just pick a spot. Go there. Be a tourist. I just enjoy myself and relax, and I definitely get a lot of inspiration from the vintage vibe of these different places." Whether it be a seashell on a foreign beach or a lost coin in the cobblestone of a European street, the timelessness of Kamkhatchi’s inspiration makes each of her embellished designs sure to be staples. Her vacation-inspired statement pieces gain rightful recognition on social media as pop culture icons and influencers repeatedly sport her designs in their posts, resulting in mass traction on the company’s profile and booming business for Adina’s Jewels.  With all her success, Kamkhatchi’s trajectory is still going up with the recent induction of her jewelry into Nordstrom’s extensive catalog of designs. This has put Adina’s Jewels on the shelves of one of the world’s largest wholesalers, and the designer is ecstatic. “Given everything, it's just so amazing to see that my designs are on Nordstrom," she said. "It leaves me speechless every single time I look at it. It makes me so happy!" With all the hype and more availability than before, you're going to want to get your hands on some of these eye-catching pieces. Take a look at our favorites from the collection below.  Pastel Rainbow Ring Kamkhatchi claims this pastel beauty is her favorite design from her collection. As her claim-to-fame piece, it stands out among the rest with a beautiful array of colors that you truly can't miss.  Pavé Shell Choker Put the beach around your neck in style with this piece. I have this one myself, and it never fails to garner stares and compliments when I'm out and about. It also works well as a bracelet, so your seaside aesthetic possibilities are limitless. Chain Drop Stud Earring Nothing screams elegance like a pair of gold chains hanging from your ears. These earrings are sure to add a glamorous edge for going out. You can easily match them with other gold accessories as well.  Chain Link Bracelet This perfectly embossed bracelet sits as a glittery masterpiece on your wrist. It truly steals the show with its eye-catching shine and incredible details. Serpent Ring This gorgeously adorned snake ring is definitely a favorite, and its unique shape and colors are sure to get people talking. The single green jewel completes the look with a noticeable pop of color, adding an intricate dimension to the ring's overall design so it can slither down your finger in style. Shop Adina's Jewels at adinasjewels.com and now at Nordstrom, too. Photography by Céline van Heel Styling by Aurora Alonso Live fish. Blue sapphire butterflies. Like the blissful late months of summer, Palomo Spain is brimming with vitality in its newest editorial. Alternating between the grey, rocky cliffsides and a deep cerulean environment reminiscent of cloudless summer skies, the shoot evokes the dual sides of the warmer months—at times calm and serene, at others bright and vivacious. The androgynous silhouettes further play upon duality as structured blazers and Oxfords meet soft material and a sweeping, luxurious flow, adding a modern twist to the classic collegiate wear. Alejandro Gómez Palomo has always flirted with the historical, and Fall 2019 was an especially exciting collection as he presented his unique vision of menswear using inspiration from Les Ballets Russes. The looks' rich color palette and dreamy silhouettes first took the runways alongside artful makeup, showstopping headwear, and shoes reminiscent of the days of court ballet, and now they find a different aesthetic alongside breathtaking natural beauty. Founded in 2015, Palomo Spain continues to stay true to its message of freedom, openness, and diversity. With a unique visual reverie and creative new takes every year, the brand's vision meets with L’Officiel for a new presentation of the ballet-inspired collection. There's no denying that animal print is dominating the fashion universe. Bold and powerful, the trend finds new iterations each season to open up a new range of stylish options. Whether leopard print midi skirts, snakeskin, or even cow print (RIP Raf Simons' tenure at Calvin Klein), the animal-inspired aesthetic can add power to any part of a look, from bold footwear to the ever-trendy-in-2019 hair accessories. Now, the time has come for tortoise print to enter the spotlight and every fashion person's wardrobe.
     The new trend, fitting to its inspiration being a literal shell, most often shows up on items made of hard materials rather than fabrics, but its popularity is growing as fast as a turtle is slow. Since the beginning of the year, Pinterest has seen a 679% increase in “turtle earrings” searches, making this a major fashion trend heading into the end of 2019. Discreetly, it's been making its mark everywhere, from eyeglass frames to buckles, boots, and bags. The look seems certain to be all over street style once fashion month arrives in a couple weeks, and in the meantime it's hot for anyone looking to curate an eye-catching summer aesthetic on Instagram. Check out photos of the look below, and get ready for a turtle-filled fall.                    For those watching closely, it can often feel like the entire fashion industry is cycling through the same trends, but a few emerging designers are reminders of the originality and potential for change that still exists on the runway each season. Though yes, it seems everyone is wearing streetwear, tiny sunglasses, and a leopard midi skirt, the runways are full of emerging voices that have been taking jaded audiences by surprise with their inclusivity, artistry, and ability to dream beyond the status quo. Some of the designers below have already earned awards for their strong starts, while others have been winners of industry attention as they collaborated with major names and presented visions unlike any already out there. A few weeks out from fashion month, we list all the promising new talents you need to know, assigning some of the chicest summer reading possible. Below, see six up-and-coming labels on the main fashion circuit, then for a bit of extra credit, read about the visionary designers making international names for themselves from home bases in Tbilisi and Copenhagen. The Activists  Telfar  Telfar Clemens doesn’t call himself an activist, but his work is bringing change to fashion nonetheless. Inclusivity, which only became cool industry-wide within the last couple of years, is exactly what the designer’s eponymous brand has been advocating since it was founded in 2005. That, along with his winning the 2017 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund, has made him only more relevant today, leading to more people buying into his genderless clothing and his “Shopping Bags” (when they aren’t sold out, of course). Now a highlight of NYFW, the concerts Clemens throws in lieu of runway shows reinforce the idea that his platform is a diverse community – as should be for fashion. Pyer Moss For luxury ready-to-wear with a real message, look no further than Kerby Jean-Raymond’s unisex label. Through his powerful runway shows, Jean-Raymond has bravely tackled sociopolitical issues like mental health, racism, and police brutality in America. More recently, for Spring 2019, he celebrated the experience of being a Black American. Like Telfar, Jean-Raymond was singing this tune long before the fashion world cared (or approved). Now, with a Reebok partnership and a 2018 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund win under his belt, his clothes do all the talking, often on famous figures like Michelle Obama, Rihanna, and Dua Lipa. Bethany Williams  Creating sustainable clothing still means you’re creating more clothing – something that Bethany Williams was wary about when joining an industry responsible for massive waste. Her solution: limited quantities of streetwear garments made only from recycled materials, tied to a mission of giving back to the community. For each collection, the British designer works with different nonprofit organizations from around the world – like women’s shelters, drug rehabilitation communities, and prisons – and later donates a portion of the collection’s proceeds to them. While highlighting underlying issues in society, Williams is creating a blueprint for actually sustainable fashion for others to follow. The Outsiders Tomo Koizumi Tomo Koizumi’s name wouldn’t have rung a bell to anyone outside of Tokyo before his sensational New York Fashion Week debut in February. After renowned stylist Katie Grand took notice, she organized a last-minute presentation where the costume designer sent the likes of Gwendoline Christie and Bella Hadid on a walk through Marc Jacobs’s studio in his ballooning ruffled frocks – “ruffle armor for girls” – made of Japanese polyester organza in all kinds of candy colors. The show blew up, and rightfully, so has Koizumi. Besides viral looks (one of which naturally ended up making the Met's Camp exhibit), what he really brought to New York was a sense of fantasy, which is more than welcome in a city that has just seen an exodus of designers. Eftychia  Of all the people you’d think are likely to switch to a career in fashion, a graphic designer is not one of them. But that's exactly Eftychia Karamolegkou's story, having made the big move after moving out of Athens and training in Central Saint Martins. Her eponymous London-based label's offerings are not too different from what she showed at her Master's collection: elegant suits for women, taking heavy inspiration from those that men initially wore in the 1920s. Karamolegkou’s tailoring is masculine (and therefore, to her, empowering) and unpretentious. Her career change certainly proved wise after she made the short list for this year’s LVMH Prize. Philophiles, take note: maybe Eftychia is where you should flock now that Hedi Slimane has totally changed Celine. Sterling Ruby A frequent Raf Simons collaborator, Sterling Ruby is not new to the fashion industry as an artist. Last June, though, he made a raved-about debut as a fashion designer for his label, S.R. Studio. LA. CA. The Spring 2020 collection largely centered on denim – featuring paint splatters and patchwork much like Ruby’s collages – and prints, which came from photographs by his wife. For fans of the American artist, it’s a treat to see his vision continue to live on a new medium they could likelier collect; for fashion fans, Ruby’s label offers a refreshing break from clothing derived from trends or heritage (and the one place we can pretend Calvin Klein 205W39NYC ready-to-wear still exists). Considered one of the greatest icons in 1960s Hollywood, Sharon Tate became famous not only for her acting career but also for her unforgettable style, which continues to influence fashion even 50 years after her death. With Margot Robbie playing her in Quentin Tarantino's new dramedy Once Upon a Time… in Hollywood (which comes just a few months after Hilary Duff's portrayal in the less-successful-but-still-notable The Haunting of Sharon Tate), Tate's style is resurfacing via a wave of refreshed '60s aesthetics. Below, learn how the actress' signature look is finding new interpretations on the silver screen as well as on and off the runway. Tate preferred to keep a simplistic look, but never without some exquisite and powerful touches. The mini skirt, a new phenomenon during the actress' time after Mary Quant popularized it for a rebellious new youth culture, was one of her wardrobe staples. It remains a fashion favorite today, and of course, Robbie wears the style in Tarantino's feature film in the spirit of chic historical accuracy.   Another regular fixture in Tate's closet was the minidress. Always one to take a style to new heights, the actress rocked the trend in more casual, T-shirt versions as well as more exquisite and nautical interpretations. Beyond simply influencing with her clothing, Tate had a striking beauty look. With defined eyeliner and killer false lashes that have never met their match, this standout look became a late '60s staple thanks to the actress as well as other icons of the time like Twiggy.   Tate's hair also was the real definition of '60s aesthetics, and she often styled it in a voluminous pin-up style similar to Brigitte Bardot's. The look has since come back in several fashion shows, such as Valentino's eclectic Fall 2018 couture collection and Anna Sui's tribute to the fashion dreams of her youth.
  However, Tate was also one to rock a contrasting boho style, as another iconic hair look of hers was the braids she wore to the Cannes Film Festival in 1968. This past May, Robbie recreated the look in tribute as she promoted her portrayal of the late icon at the same Côte d'Azur cinematic event, over 50 years later. The undone detail gently frames each actress' face to give a casual and delicate look.     See more of Tate's 1960s style and modern reinterpretations in the photos below. BCBGMAXAZRIA just released an elegantly eye-catching Fall 2019 campaign, and its starring face is none other than Adriana Lima. The 30th-anniversary collection emphasizes the brand’s stylistic flair and self-expression, and a commitment to empowering creative women both in front of the camera and behind it is evident through the new promotion. Stylist Rachael Wang and photographer Zoey Grossman joined forces to celebrate 30 years of BCBG's evolving silhouettes and romantic styling with supermodel and philanthropist Lima as their ambassador, resulting in compelling imagery that displays the collaboration of strong female talents.  BCBG’s creative process starts and ends with an ideal vision of a woman that inspires the cultivation of each piece. The campaign’s slogan, “Be Your Own Muse,” embodies this ideology, celebrating the designs, textiles, and detailed modern silhouettes that define the BCBG woman. Distinctive cuts, bright colors, edgy prints, and playful juxtapositions offer an expansive creative palette, meaning there's something for every wearer to express their identity and truly be their own muse. “Having Adriana as the face of this season’s campaign and bringing on such talented women as Rachael and Zoey further spreads our message of support for fearless, courageous women,” said Diane Bekhor, BCBG Group's Senior Vice President. “I have long followed Adriana’s career and we are thrilled to have her return for this campaign during our 30th anniversary.”  Tangible in the “Be Your Own Muse” campaign is a powerful energy that encourages customers to channel their inner strength and beauty into their own personal endeavors. To be your own muse requires self-reflection and an understanding of oneself on a level much deeper than the surface--something that BCBG hopes to empower young women to strive for with this collection. Ultimately, it’s all about owning who you are and unapologetically sharing your point of view with confidence, poise, and of course, style.   The Fall/Winter collection will be available in stores and online early this month.  Texas native Selena Gomez might not be the first person you think of when you think of Old Hollywood glamour. However, though a distinctly modern woman, Gomez has a casual, breezy, and versatile air about her—making her the perfect spokeswoman for Puma. In a new campaign for their Cali Remix shoes, which drop August 15, the brand draws upon the rich aesthetics of the '70s to follow up its Cali Collection.  In the campaign, Gomez lingers by a cream-and-chrome hot rod in a matching tracksuit as her hair, easily embracing Farrah Fawcett waves, dances around large hoop earrings. Within this visual moment, the actress and pop star best known for her astronomical Instagram following has entered a time almost fifty years back, in the days long before social media. Adding a pop of color to her monochromatic ensemble are Puma's latest kicks in a rose and maroon colorway. The collection also features two other options: a black-and-white pair with hot pink heels, and a black base with turquoise toes and tan trim. The unconventional color combos couldn't match the unorthodoxy of '70s style any better, and the pairs also meld suede, leather, and patent leather for an eclectic mix of fabric textures. Because in the '70s, more was more.  Gomez's relaxed outfit in the campaign is also a standout, proving a girl can look just as good in a pair of sweatpants and sneakers as a designer skirt and heels. The talent has long received attention for her chill approach to celebrity and fashion, and only she can make a full blowout wave look equal parts elegant and effortless. The campaign comes on the heels of Gomez's own personal collection with Puma, inspired by her hometown in Grand Prairie, Texas. The Selena Collection includes a wide-leg sweatpant and loose, over-the-shoulder sweatshirt as a testament to Gomez's CBB attitude.  Whether or not you saw (or enjoyed) the latest Tarantino film set in the same era, you can enjoy a serial-killer-free summer thanks to this upcoming collection, all with Selena Gomez's blessing. As we roll into fall, nothing keeps your toes warm and your feet cool like a classic pair of sneakers—and Puma has the look that spans both vintage and modern aesthetics.  View featured designs from the Cali Remix collection here: Italian fashion photographer Paolo Roversi has been hard at work creating the 2020 edition of Pirelli's highly anticipated annual calendar. As of this weekend, the world finally has an idea of the creative magic he's been up to: the latest theme is "Looking for Juliet," and it features the likes of Kristen Stewart, Rosalía, and Emma Watson starring as various interpretations of the classic Shakespearean character. While the first behind-the-scenes footage of this 47th edition, shot in Paris and Verona, reveals a diverse and stunning group of nine subjects including Indya Moore (who, in case you missed it, covered our first digital issue) and flamenco pop sensation Rosalía, Roversi claims that the process of casting the many facets of Juliet was especially difficult.  “I am still searching for Juliet and I think I will be searching for her for the rest of my life because, in the end, Juliet is nothing less than a dream,” Roversi said.  The project, which includes actresses and singers from different cultures and countries, takes inspiration from the intersection of love, power, youth, and beauty that the Shakespearean drama and its heroine so iconically embody. These behind-the-scenes photographs capture Roversi's journey to depict the tragedy and fantasy that comes with the fictional Juliet, a symbol of love boiled over and burned.  Step out from your balcony and explore the world of Roversi's Verona. The full cast features Claire Foy, Mia Goth, Chris Lee, Indya Moore, Rosalía, Stella Roversi, Yara Shahidi, Kristen Stewart, and Emma Watson.  Victoria’s Secret has been struggling to keep up with the current decade. After abruptly canceling its premier event, The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, questions have been circulating about what the clothing brand has to offer the millennial and Gen-Z woman, who are not only less promiscuous than their Bush-era forebearers but also less concerned with appealing to the male gaze. In 2015, one of its most prominent Angels, Karlie Kloss, quit the brand for its message not aligning with her views on womanhood and beauty. At the end of 2018, the company’s chief marketing officer, Ed Razek, came under fire for implying that transgender models would break with the idealized, fantastical nature of the VS Angel.  “The show is a fantasy,” Razek said, after denying a place for transgender models in the show. “It’s a 42-minute entertainment special. That’s what it is. It is the only one of its kind in the world, and any other fashion brand in the world would take it in a minute, including the competitors.” Victoria’s Secret has long touted an unrealistic, Barbie-doll standard of beauty, but officials like Razek see that unattainable idealism as a selling point for the brand, not an incongruence between the company’s image and its consumer base. The already-skinny Angels' excruciating pre-show diet and exercise routines have long been a subject of girl-talk lore, placing plus-size models on the VS chopping block as well. The brand did recently welcome Barbara Palvin into its Angel ranks, and though she's certainly more curvaceous than the average VS model, at 5-foot-8 and 121 pounds and having walked for the show twice before, her newly winged status, though well deserved, is not quite revolutionary. But it looks like the Secret is looking to change its story. Three days ago, model Valentina Sampaio posted on Instagram backstage at a shoot for VS PINK (their teen label) with the caption, “Never stop dreaming.” This is the first (and only) transgender hire for the brand, but some believe the shift came too little, too late. Actress and trans activist Laverne Cox summed it up with her comment, “Wow finally!”  This isn’t the first time Sampaio has broken barriers. In 2017, she became the first trans woman to cover Vogue in both the Paris and Brazil editions and has covered countless other publications (including L’Officiel Brasil). The Brazilian native is a spokeswoman for L’Oreal and has walked in São Paulo Fashion Week. Sampaio has stated that she was lucky to have grown up in a community that immediately accepted her when she began transitioning at age 10.  “People in my hometown always treated me normally,” Sampaio said in a profile for Buzzfeed News. “I have always been a girl and I’ve never felt any different. And that’s what I transmitted to people.” While Sampaio’s addition to the PINK Campaign is a personal and professional win, Victoria’s Secret still has much more work to do when it comes to its “fantasy.” To prevent this move from becoming empty tokenization, the brand should consider asking real women what they dream about.  Georgian designer Tako Mekvabidze graced the coastal city of Batumi with a luxurious cruise show on July 29, elegantly presenting the latest collection from her Kendall Jenner-approved eponymous brand to the world. The Georgian port city’s ancient history and luscious scenery, along with its status as Mekvabidze's hometown, deemed it the ideal destination for the line’s debut, providing a personal backdrop to the designer’s creations. With a theme surrounding her childhood memories and '90s Batumi nostalgia, the new range sartorially interprets the city’s classic white pillars, Eurasian seashells, and a vision of the female silhouette graciously exploring an azure-toned seaside.  Mekvabidze’s cruise show featured a variety of summer dresses, pants, skirts, and shirts that embody the oceanside inspiration for the collection and accentuate the female form in a variety of styles and colors. Light blues and pinks parallel bright whites and soft yellows in a mix of glossy and flowy fabrics to establish the entire line's bright aura. As each model made their way down the 19th century Boulevard of Batumi, white pillars and warm lights set the scene as a reminder of the significance behind each piece. Through the blossoming springs, Black Sea-breezed summers, colorful falls, and blanketing winters, Batumi provides year-round inspiration for the designer. The tranquility of nature and the architectural beauty of her hometown provide a foundation for her label and continue to influence her design process. The Mekvabidze woman is a carefree romantic who harmoniously merges with the sea and nature, a persona that stems from the designer’s roots in Batumi. Tako Mekvabidze’s cruise show on the Batumi Boulevard displayed this commitment to her cultural identity and exhibited her exquisite summer collection beautifully.  In news that surprises no one, but satisfies much of the fashion world, the Metropolitan Museum of Art looks set to dedicate its annual fashion exhibit to Karl Lagerfeld in 2022. After a six-decade career, three simultaneous creative directorships for half that time, and countless spectacular reinventions of the Grand Palais for Chanel, the designer appears to have earned the most over-the-top exhibition possible. Given the potential show (and accompanying gala) is still nearly three years out, few details are available. WWD reported the news after hearing it from sources, learning that Costume Institute curator Andrew Bolton will supposedly organize the show as per usual, but they also noted that the Met refuses to comment on future exhibitions. So as of now, all speculation is just that, but the potential plans seem to be the most obvious choice the museum could make, and this writer has been remarking on a potential future Lagerfeld tribute while basically giving tours to friends during too many trips to the Met's Camp: Notes on Fashion exhibition this summer. This wouldn't be the first time Lagerfeld's designs would take the Met spotlight. The museum hosted a Chanel-focused exhibition in 2005, and after 22 years at the helm of the iconic French maison, the German-born designer's presence was almost as large as that of founder Coco. Additionally, the range of his work across so many houses and aesthetics meant one has been more likely than not to see a Lagerfeld creation somewhere within the exhibit during years in which the museum has opted for a more general theme. Lagerfeld hated the idea of a "retrospective," preferring to constantly look forward instead. To this end, he was working on his final collections for Fendi and Chanel until his death, giving final instructions to his close collaborators only when the end was near and also repeatedly expressing a desire not to have a major funeral. A private ceremony kept to the late designer's wishes, but ultimately his career warranted a memorial hosted by Chanel, Fendi, and his eponymous brand, attracting industry fixtures to say their goodbyes within his creative home of the Grand Palais. A dedicated tribute from fashion's biggest annual exhibition event seems just as inevitable, and due to Lagerfeld's status as a household name, it has great potential for success. Remember when the Alexander McQueen exhibition, held a year after the designer's untimely death, required extended hours to accommodate the massive interest? While there's no certainty this would create the same situation, expect much larger crowds than usual. For now, the next the world will hear about the Costume Institute's exhibitions is its 2020 theme, so keep your eyes open in the coming months. It's unclear just what the ultimate decision for that may be, but the Met has previously commented their plans to mark the museum's 150th anniversary and incorporate elements from the institute's permanent collection. Reflect more on Lagerfeld's career through the images below. It’s a hot Hello Kitty summer, everybody. Following Sanrio's release of an exclusive wine assortment featuring the iconic character earlier this month (if you missed it, check out our 1200-word recap on the matter), the Japanese production company has unveiled a charmingly nostalgic streetwear collection. In collaboration with Levi’s, the line celebrates Kitty in all ways possible, and the result is an adorable work of art that's available for purchase starting today. Just like the vino, the Levi's x Hello Kitty line ultimately came to be because the famous feline has a 45th anniversary to celebrate. And wow, is it adorable. “Hello Kitty x Levi’s? I think we’re going to need another word for cute,” said Jonathan Cheung, SVP of Design Innovation at Levi’s, of the range.  The capsule contains t-shirts, tops, hoodies, and denim pieces with the ubiquitous red-bowed Kitty making an appearance on each piece. Signature Hello Kitty motifs pop out across the range, while custom red back patches and embossed rivets highlight Levi’s classic style. Oversized white overalls plastered in Hello Kitty print and a denim jacket featuring a beautifully embroidered logo make this celebratory collaboration stand out from the rest. “Hello Kitty and Levi’s are both global lifestyle brands with an impact on culture and fashion,” said Jill Koch, SVP of Sales and Business Development at Sanrio, Inc, in a statement with Levi’s. “Our limited-edition collection offers a super cute twist on [Levi's] classics.  We are excited to partner with Levi’s on this coveted collaboration and to celebrate Hello Kitty’s 45th Anniversary in style.” The cute, commemorative Levi’s x Hello Kitty collection is available on Levis.com, on Sanrio.com, and in select Levi’s stores. Celebrate the legendary Japanese Kitty’s legacy with a piece from this capsule and sport that red bow in style. Community-based fashion label Krost is erasing their carbon footprint with the launch of their first sustainable capsule collection, Support Team. The brand has already established a reputation for its commitment to social ethics through various partnerships with non-profit organizations, and this latest range is their first step towards zero waste. Krost’s slogan, “Support Your Friends,” speaks to the fundamental mission of the brand to foster positive energy, and the efforts of the label stem much further than just the clothes themselves. The brand is partnering with Ziel, an on-demand apparel manufacturing company, to produce each piece as needed. “It’s entirely made to order. This means less energy and fewer resources to make, store, and distribute the apparel. The capsule uses 100% recycled fabrics and a water-free dying process, which avoids excess waste and water pollution,” founder Samuel Krost told us.  Krost’s latest drop features a cotton candy tie-dye design on both a cropped t-shirt and crewneck, as well as black biker shorts featuring the brand's logo. Editorial shots from the campaign brightly convey the range's streetwear aesthetic on a pink Krost basketball court. The set is full of youth and energy, boasting the positive aura that Krost stands for.  With every collection, Krost NY makes a socially conscious effort to raise awareness for current issues. “We partnered with March for Our Lives prior to the launch of our First Semester collection with the goal of bringing increased awareness around gun reform,” Krost explained. Featured in the collection was a “Save Your Friends” t-shirt showcasing a flower with 17 petals: one for each tragic death in the Parkland shooting. All of the proceeds from this $60 shirt went directly to March for Our Lives in a humanitarian effort to push for change as a brand. “I wanted to create a brand that emphasizes its mission, purpose and sense of community building before its product,” Krost told us, and with each of his philanthropic partnerships, he’s done exactly that. Before the launch of Support Team, the label released Second Semester, a full collection of colorful, youth-inspired pieces. Pastel blues and pinks alternate with fierce black-and-white silhouettes throughout the range of tailored blazers, silk pajama sets, labeled hoodies, and comfortable tracksuits. With the words “Support Your Friends” prevalent throughout the collection, Krost’s goal with this collection was to emphasize the brand’s commitment to community building. “Second Semester: Kids At Play was inspired by our first friendships made on the playground," said Scott Camaran, Krost's creative director. "We made this collection to celebrate the vibrancy of our youth, innocence and unconditional support for one another.” Krost is partnering with Naked Retail at New York's 11 Howard, where Support Team and Second Semester will be available for purchase for the month of August. Go and "Support Your Friends"! When Josh Goot and Christine Centenera founded Wardrobe.NYC in 2017, they embarked on a mission to revolutionize the classic paradigm of clothing with contemporary transformations of traditional pieces. Their latest collection, Release 04 DENIM, does just that as the brand has teamed up with Levi’s to reinterpret archetypal denim using modern silhouettes. Featuring New York designs and Italian craft, the new range redefines the denim industry with a luxury direct-to-consumer concept, manifesting the brand’s goal to pioneer a timeless and egalitarian wardrobe. For the first time, Wardrobe.NYC is available to purchase outside of their own domain at matchesfashion.com starting today. This release offers four- and eight-piece wardrobe sets tailored to elevate trends of everyday style. Built around Levi’s staple 501 jeans, this fresh approach features a customized taper, modern zipper details, and asymmetrical seams for an original rendition of the quintessential design. The collaborative collection presents an array of denim designs including a shirt with an eclectic blend of western aesthetic and unconventional stitching, a versatile skirt that effortlessly complements wardrobe staples, and a boxy jacket that stands out as a statement piece.  “Collaborating with a brand of Levi’s heritage and cultural significance has allowed us to fully realize our own vision of democratic luxury," Goot said of the new release. "Denim has an enduring legacy in functional and timeless dressing, and in working with the Levi’s design team, we’ve had the privilege of exploring our ideas to create a new statement about modern luxury.” As an agent of urban minimalism, Wardrobe.NYC works to cultivate sustainable practices by providing an alternative to the detrimental production-consumption cycle in fashion. With Release 04, customers can choose between various colorways within their set to maximize the ways they can pair each style with other designs in their purchase. Release 04 DENIM is meant to last, and the brand’s thoughtful approach to shrinking their carbon footprint is certainly making a positive impression on the future of fashion.    With the 2020 election picking up and public interest at wide-ranging extremes, the generational gap has never felt so relevant. Since its founding in 1969, Gap, has sought to unite older, postwar conservatives and the emerging activist generation (now the baby boomers) with a quintessentially American style. 50 years later, the brand is continuing its legacy with the launch of its fall campaign, "It's Our Denim Now." The campaign combines the talents of photographer Tyler Mitchell, director Fleur Fortuné, and Canadan singer Ndidi O to "underscore the brand’s long history of bridging gaps and bringing people together, even in divided times, while also inspiring today’s generation to pave a path forward together." The campaign also debuts several new offerings, including the High Rise Cigarette pant and the men's Skinny, using GapFlex flexible material. Mitchell highlights a diverse range of models for the shoot, retooling his naturalistic style for Gap's classic, straightforward look. The emphasis on representation throughout the campaign stays true to the brand's message of unity, expanding the umbrella of who defines the American staple.  On August 20, Gap also plans to release its Denim Through Decades collection, celebrating 50 years of evolving (and recycling) denim styles. Featuring trends from the '70s, '80s, and '90s with a modern twist, the limited-edition series showcases Gap's rich history in molding American style through ubiquitous pieces. The 1969 Premium collection will also include merchandise like logo hoodies, T-shirts, and jackets alongside the upscale denim.  "Fall is momentous for Gap as we celebrate our 50th anniversary and a new era of the brand," said Alegra O'Hare, the brand’s Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. "With ‘It’s Our Denim Now’ being my first major campaign, we wanted to make an impactful statement visually and celebrate Gap’s heritage as a denim leader while cementing its future as a brand for all generations. This is only the beginning of what’s to come." This campaign marks Gap's first collaboration with Johannes Leonardo, a creative agency that believes the label exemplifies modern American individuality and freedom of expression.  "For the film, it was important for us to show a diversity of fits and people by celebrating a generation empowered by their individuality," said Samira Ansari, the agency's Group Creative Director. The films place plus-size models and models of color at the forefront, making a statement within an industry that still overwhelmingly favors skinny, white figures—especially for tight-fitting apparel like skinny jeans. The models playfully dance and undress in the wide range of denim before coagulating in the center, a testament to Gap's pervading message of unity through individuality. In 50 years, denim styles have come and gone and come back again, but Gap—and the tumultuous origins of its name—has endured as the purveyor of the American mainstream. With the latest collections' commitment to inclusivity, that mainstream can contain multitudes.  Watch Fleur Fortuné's campaign video here: Rob Kardashian is back with a full range of updated streetwear designs for his new brand Halfway Dead. The Kardashian brother has been planning his unisex skate brand for over three years and finally brought it to life in partnership with Diamond Supply Co. founder Nick Tershay just over a month ago. Halfway Dead is still in the early stages of its development, and this latest drop is paramount in determining its success. When launching the brand, Tershay told Women’s Wear Daily that fans can expect pop-up stores in the near future for an in-person experience of the brand.  The Kardashian sisters have shared photos bearing the designs as a display of support for their brother’s next business endeavor, and proud momager Kris Jenner posted about the latest collection on her Instagram to announce the release. Many of the items from the first collection sold out within hours of the launch as America’s most-followed family gave the range their stamp of approval, and this second release is set to have similar success. Rob’s new release features vibrant renditions of t-shirts, button-downs, long-sleeves, jackets, and hats, all of which culminate into a cohesive, contemporary collection. T-shirts in neutral tones stare back at you with a set of sickening eyes across the chest, while long-sleeves sport neon green and black with loud branding and graphic skulls as the centerpiece. The brand name is scribbled over a provocative message in brightly-colored ink on the button-down shirts, and a new denim jacket with red plaid panels complements the new line nicely. This drop blatantly speaks to the ideology behind the brand’s name and emphasizes an unapologetically authentic life.  Shop Rob's latest collection here. Kanye West has yet another fashion line in the works, and this one seems to be angelically inspired. The Yeezy designer filed for a trademark of “Sunday Service”, the name of his renowned weekly gospel concerts where a choir sings celestial renditions of his music, under Mascotte Holdings Inc. According to the US Patent and Trademark Office’s public records, this trademark calls for “bottoms, dresses, footwear, headwear, jackets, loungewear, scarves, shirts, socks and tops.” That sounds like a full range of Yeezus to me.  West has already made a massive impression on the fashion world with his streetwear brand Yeezy, a staple in a hypebeast’s collection. He showed the line’s collaboration with Adidas during New York Fashion Week, and the signature shoes remain highly coveted among sneakerheads. Let’s not forget the countless iconic looks West designed for his wife Kim Kardashian, which several fast fashion companies have since recreated. His impact is unprecedented, and he clearly has no plans to hand over his power any time soon.  The musician and visionary began his Sunday Service performances earlier this year and garnered the group major publicity at Coachella Valley’s Music Festival with a spiritual performance on Easter Sunday. The entire Kardashian-Jenner family makes regular appearances at the exclusive event, and the occasional cameos of other A-listers like Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom never go unnoticed. The service is a family affair, as the rapper’s children repeatedly attend and North tends to steal the mic to sing a verse or two with her dad. Sunday Service is clearly of the utmost importance to Ye, and his trademark of the sentimental name seems like it could be a pivotal moment in his career as a fashion designer. Today, fashion is a global phenomenon, with runway shows staged in dozens of cities around the world from New York to Shanghai. Yet despite the competition, many experts believe that Paris remains the most glamorous and competitive fashion capital. As I’ve been working on an upcoming major museum exhibition, Paris, Capital of Fashion, I’ve been thinking a lot about what makes Paris special. Naturally, I was delighted to have the opportunity to interview Ralph Toledano, chairman of La Fédération Française de la Haute Couture et de la Mode, the most important fashion organization in France. “It’s something in the air.” In nineteenth and early twentieth-century newspapers, magazines, and books, commonplace explanations for the success of Paris fashion tended to be extremely vague or essentializing: “Parisians are, by nature, frivolous.” Foreigners often credited (or blamed) the “genius” (or “dictatorship”) of Parisian couturiers, who catered, as one writer opined, to “the fashionable courtesan class in the wicked city of Paris.” Since then, analyses have become more nuanced and structural, focusing on the long history of the fashion system in France and the importance of haute couture. When Toledano first came to the Fédération in 2014, he described the organization’s mission as follows: “We aim to keep Paris the unrivaled capital of fashion.” When I met with him recently, I asked him to elaborate on the role haute couture plays and has played in making—and keeping—Paris the international capital of fashion. Quick as a flash came the answer: “It is the commitment to outstanding craftsmanship, innovation, and creativity.” He continued, noting that even before the birth of the haute couture in nineteenth-century Paris, fashion in France had evolved in a unique “environment, where institutions played an early role in French fashion history.” We can trace that history all the way back to the seventeenth century, during the reign of the Sun King, Louis XIV. Supposedly, Louis XIV’s minister of finance, Jean-Baptiste Colbert, once quipped, “Fashion is to France what the gold mines of Peru are to Spain.” Whether or not the story is apocryphal, Louis XIV did in fact make fashion central to government policy, turning fashion into a source of wealth and “soft power” for the French state. By promulgating laws to restrict imports of foreign textiles (to protect the silk industry in Lyon) and establishing institutions such as a new dressmakers guild, Louis XIV laid the foundations for the preeminence of Paris fashion. At the same time, the splendor of the royal court at Versailles drew on the skills of artisans and merchants of Paris. Every spring and fall starting as early as 1675, the French press promoted the season’s new fashions, which foreigners eagerly adopted even as they complained about French fashion hegemony over Europe. Today’s French fashion institutions, like the Comité Colbert and the Fédération Française, have their origins in the Ancien Régime. Fast-forward to the nineteenth century, when “haute couture was born in France with Charles Frederick Worth,” explains Toledano. In 1845, the native of England moved to Paris, which was already regarded as the capital of feminine fashion. There, he transformed couture (literally “sewing”) from a small-scale craft into big business. Naturally, there were still many “little” dressmakers, but people like Worth created “grande” (big) couture, which came in time to be known as “haute” (high) couture. “Haute couture is a major feature of French cultural heritage,” declares Toledano. “Indeed, ‘haute’ couture is unique to Paris.” The institutionalization of haute couture was central to its status, and Worth was a founding member of the first couture organization, ancestor to the Fédération. As Toledano tells it, “the Chambre Syndicale de la Couture, des Confectionneurs et des Tailleurs pour Dame [Trade Association for Couture, Clothing Manufacturers and Tailors for Women] was founded in 1868. The couture section became the Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne in 1910 and later the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture.” The couture system survived World War I and the Great Depression, but the Occupation of Paris during the World War II nearly destroyed it. “In the post-War period,” Toledano explains, “the public authorities started implementing policies to support it. Haute couture gained at that time a legally protected status. The term ‘haute couture’ is legally protected according to rules set in 1945, and only a commission of professionals, appointed by the Ministry of Industry, is allowed to award (or withdraw) this label. Haute couture-labelled houses are officio members. Since 2001, some foreign houses (seven at the moment) are invited by the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture to show on the Official Calendar as ‘corresponding members.’ Each season, a very limited number of selected ‘guests’ are also invited to participate in the calendar.” The 1960s saw the rise of modern French ready to wear (prêt-à-porter) and the emergence of a new category: fashion designers (créateurs). “These linked forces with the couturiers, with the result that the Chambre Syndicale du Prêt-à-Porter, des Couturiers et des Créateurs de Mode was founded on October 8, 1973. That same day, the Chambre Syndicale de la Mode Masculine was born. The momentum generated by these three Chambres Syndicales led to the creation of the Fédération Française de la Couture, du Prêt-à-Porter, des Couturiers et des Créateurs de Mode. On June 29, 2017, this became the Fédération de la Haute Couture et de la Mode. Today, the Fédération is the governing body of the three Chambres Syndicales: Haute Couture, Women’s Fashion, and Men’s Fashion.” Many of the world’s most talented ready-to-wear designers also choose to show their collections in Paris. I asked Toledano how the Federation decides which designers and brands will be allowed to show in Paris. “Historically, Paris has been a magnet for creation in many fields, and fashion is no exception to the rule,” he explained. “Paris Fashion Week attracts editors and buyers from around the world. For womenswear there are two stages to the selection process: One regards the schedule of Paris Fashion Week, and the other regards admission to the Fédération, which is selective—at the moment, there are approximately one hundred members, among whom are you find the most prominent brands on the global stage.” Some critics have accused couture of serving only as a publicity machine, but Toledano insists that “haute couture is the essence of a house and the quintessence of luxury. It is a tremendous image builder, boosting prestige and enriching the brand as a whole. Haute couture is also a laboratory of ideas and aesthetics at the service of prêt-à-porter. Feather work, embroidery, lace making…Today craftsmanship is more creative than ever, as it is supported by the grandes maisons and combines with new technologies, such as laser cutting and 3D printing. The late Karl Lagerfeld’s collections for Chanel were perfect examples. Haute couture is also a real business, with increasing figures and profitable growth.” Research shows that one of the key indicators of fashion city success is the presence of excellent fashion schools. “Our ambition is to make the best fashion school ever,” says Toledano, “to nurture tomorrow’s fashion talents.” L’Ecole de la Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne was founded in 1927 to train couturiers and technicians. The Institut Français de la Mode was established in 1986 with an emphasis on fashion management. Recently, the two have merged. “The purpose is to bring together the excellence of their programs and to offer higher education training in fashion design, fashion management, and savoir-faire. Two new degree programs have also been added, a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Arts. The school offers a training center for apprentices, summer programs, and continuing education for companies and institutions, as well as an economic observatory and a specialized library. The school is located in la Cité de la Mode et du Design.” The Cité de la Mode also presents exhibitions, as do the Palais Galliera: The Museum of Fashion of the City of Paris and the Musée des Arts Décoratifs. I asked Toledano, “Why do you think so many people love to go to fashion exhibitions?” His replied with a quote from the French writer Stendhal, who said that novels are “like mirrors carried along a high road.” According to Toledano, “Fashion is the same; it says something about the era.” Dr. Valerie Steele is Director and Chief Curator of The Museum at FIT, a division of the Fashion Institute of Technology. Her exhibition, Paris, Capital of Fashion opens on September 6, 2019 and runs through January 4, 2020. Farida Khelfa has done it all. Born to strict immigrant parents in Lyon in 1960, Farida fled to Paris at 15 in pursuit of its exciting lifestyle. The city of lights was ultimately where she blossomed into the fashion and cultural icon she is today, befriending the likes of Christian Louboutin, photographer Jean-Paul Goude, and designer Jean-Paul Gaultier. Khelfa quite literally started out as a gatekeeper of French nightlife, working the door at Les Bains Douches in the 1970s. Since then, she's been a muse (to Azzedine Alaïa, no less), a model, an actress, and a filmmaker - all while remaining a cornerstone of the ever-evolving French culture. We spoke with Farida to hear more about her amazing life and her undying love for Paris.  Joseph Akel: If you could use one word to define French style, what would it be? Farida Khelfa: I don’t think there is a “French” style anymore—it’s very many different things to different people.    JA: Growing up, did you always know you wanted to be involved with fashion? FK: Not really. Fashion was something that came to me when I arrived in Paris, and I embraced it.
  JA: You were a muse and intimate confidante of the late Azzedine Alaïa. How would you describe the iconic designer? Why do you think he designed for women so well? FK: Azzedine Alaïa was himself a very shy person who put all his fantasy into fashion. But beneath that shyness, he also had a strong character.  In terms of understanding women, from a young age, he was surrounded by women in Tunisia—his grandmother, his aunts, and even a midwife who he assisted from the age of seven. Don’t forget also that, for many years, he designed the costumes for the Crazy Horse Saloon during the time of Alain Bernardin. He learned a lot about women from that experience. A woman’s body had no secrets to him. He loved women, and women loved him.   JA: What was Paris like in the '70s, when you were young and working the door at Les Bains Douches? How did you decide who got in and who didn't?! FK: Paris was the city of liberty. Women were outrageously elegant and chic. I loved Paris right away—Paris loved me.  At Les Bains Douches, there were always celebrities that I didn’t want to let in specifically because they didn’t have the right look. Today, I think it’s the opposite: you only want celebrities. Les Bains Douches was a home for a more underground crowd—artists, musicians. “Famous” was a dirty word at that time. The fewer records you sold, the more you had a chance to get in.
  JA: You've worked with many of the great French houses and the creative geniuses behind them. Was there an energy, a spirit, that made them so influential, so inspired?  FK: The '80s was the “African Decade”—we were the new generation, coming from North and Sub-Saharan Africa. I think it was our energy that inspired the designers referred to at that time as Les Nouveaux Créateurs— Jean-Paul Gaultier, Thierry Mugler, and Jean-Paul Goude. Goude, of course, wasn’t a designer, but a great artist who was influenced by L’Afrique!   JA: Paris: what do you love most about it? FK: I’m pretty much like a tourist in Paris, and I always will be. I like les cafés, les hôtels, la Tour Eiffel, les musées, Notre Dame.   JA: Last question: you've been described as a style icon, a muse, a fashion ambassador. What does that mean to you? FK: I’m very flattered to be described as a style icon. Coming from an immigrant family, it was always very important to me to dress well. It was a way to be accepted.   Photographer: Noa Grayevsky Styling: Jermaine Daley Luke James is a star whose light is only continuing to grow brighter. In a comment on his VH1 Dear Mama performance, a fan perfectly summed up the effect of his je ne sais quoi:  ‘Luke is the ex-boyfriend your grandma gives a lifetime invite to all the family functions.' This April, the New Orleans native captivated audiences as Trevor in Tina Gordon’s Little. The project made history as Marsai Martin, the film’s star, became the youngest executive producer ever at just 14 years old.  James’ credits are as vast as they are impressive. In 2014, the smooth beats and impressive vocals of his eponymous debut album debuted to significant critical acclaim, helping to cement his place as one of R&B's most exciting talents. On the silver screen he has garnered an audience for his work on Star and his portrayal of Johnny Gill in The Bobby Brown Story. The Grammy-nominated triple threat has also written bops for other music stars, including: Justin Bieber, Keri Hilson and Britney Spears' criminally underrated "Kill The Lights". James has developed a close relationship with none other than Beyoncé, opening for her Ms. Carter World Tour  in 2013 and also appearing in videos for "Superpower," "Run the World," and the star-studded Destiny's Child number "Soldier." A mentee of record producer Danja, he wowed us during his participation in last year's Soul Train Awards cypher and the award show's tribute to Toni Braxton. James spoke to L’Officiel USA to discuss his latest shoot with New York photographer Noa Grayevsky, his role in Little, and the plans he has in store. When did you first realize that you wanted to be an artist?  I'm not exactly sure of the age, but it was definitely somewhere in my single digits. Music was the highlight of my life as a kid and still is. Hearing it was like electricity running through my body. It would stop me in my tracks or keep me geauxing. I knew that if it was inside of me, like it was in others that I admired, then I had to share it quite the same if not more.    Whatʼs one thing everyone should know about you?  I love, love, love—really love—what I do. I can do it all day and all night. Whenever...wherever. I don’t do anything where love can’t exist.    Where are you based right now?  Everywhere, to be exact. I’m a bit of an addict when it comes to light & rhythm. Wherever that is – is where I’ll be. As of right now: New York. 
  In this shoot with Noa Grayevsky, why did you go in this direction with these photos? The styling was inspired by the 90ʼs film The Five Heartbeats. Did that film have any significance for you?  That film helped curate my dreams of being an artist. I know I’ve watched that film more than 100 times, especially now that I just purchased a VCR. I found the VHS with original casing at a vintage sale and was flabbergasted that it was for sale. But I understand culturally that it has no relevancy to those who aren’t accustomed to our generous culture.    You seem very comfortable in front of the camera. What do you channel when you walk on set for a photoshoot?  God. (joke) But seriously, I just have fun. I tap into the mood and I flow like water.    Can you tell us a little bit about your role in Tina Gordonʼs film Little?  I play a guy named Trevor, who is adult Jordanʼs (Regina Hall) hopeful romantic lover and will bend over backward for her affection.    How did you approach the film in comparison to how you approach music? Is it difficult to switch back and forth? How are they different? How did you make that transition?  All of it is a conversation of feelings. The difference is I didn’t write the script. With music, it’s my pen, my vision, my direction. The only thing that could be difficult is time. Time to do everything. Both are complex art forms that deserve dedicated time.    What do you do in your downtime? If you have any...  Make love and not war. That’s getting harder to do these days. But I’m resilient.    Who inspires you right now?  My mother. She always has. Such grace. My friends. My team. Castmates.    What are some of the pillars of your music?  Funk, blues, soul, jazz, gospel, and hip hop.    We hear youʼre working on new music, what can we expect with this long-awaited project?  Projects. FREEDOM. Four years in the making.    What was the most unexpected part about taking on the entertainment industry?  Talent isn’t enough.    What does Black excellence mean to you in 2019?  Survival.   What does community mean to you? What do you feel is your responsibility as a public figure in your community?  Love. Stay black and proud loudly.    You killed it in the Soul Train Awards cipher last year. What was that experience like?  Freeing. I had always wanted to do it since Inception. Shit! Ms. Badu, Robert Glasper, Thundercat. Fucking right! I’m grateful that producer Jesse Collins put me on.   Youʼve accomplished so much, what is left on your to-do list?  Stop global warming and the disrespect of my people and all.  Credits Hair: Wade Lee Makeup: Megan Kelly Retouching: Amanda Unger Shot at Urban Myth Studio ComplexCon Chicago was every hypebeast’s dream, as a full entourage of exclusive brand collaborations, art exhibitions, musical performances, and cultural explorations stormed McCormick Place this weekend. Viral content lovers, young and old, strategically planned out their schedules across the two-day convention to make sure they could get their hands on each of the highly-coveted drops. Anxiety billowed across the convention center as trend chasers drained the limited supplies of never-before-seen collections at an alarmingly rapid pace.  After establishing itself as a hub for a subculture of trends in 2016, ComplexCon has tremendously evolved into a mainstream platform for growing designers and up-and-coming artists to gain massive exposure alongside leading names in the industry. ComplexCon left its home in Long Beach to set up shop in Chicago for the first time as the convention continues to flourish and branch outside of its roots. Defining the next cultural trends across fashion, art, and music, ComplexCon Chicago had an incredible selection of talent to showcase. Take a look at our top picks below. Basketcase Basketcase was born in the dorm room of designer Zach Kinninger just a few years ago and now operates completely out of his Orange County garage. Driven by vintage designs and film photography, Kinninger is reviving old trends with contemporary styles in this collection. Minimal branding underscores classic graphics across this range to bring this visionary’s concept to life. KNC Beauty x Garrett Popcorn Shops Kristen Noel Crawley brought KNC Beauty to ComplexCon Chicago in collaboration with Garrett Popcorn Shops. Massive popcorn kernels accompanied a lip-shaped chair in a pastel-colored booth to welcome the partnership and celebrate KNC Beauty's notable collection. Crawley created the first all-natural, collagen-infused lip mask and an all-natural, retinol-infused eye mask, both of which have people swooning over the safety of their ingredients and the magnitude of their results. And yes, with every purchase, a delectable bucket of popcorn was included.  Atmos x Nike Air Max "Animal 3.0" Pack Guests were RUNNING for this drop as the convention opened its doors on Saturday morning, and we see why. The Atmos x Nike Air Max “Animal 3.0” Pack features classic Nike Air Max silhouettes tastefully coated in vibrant animal prints. Blue, orange, and green branding complement the prints for an original finish on a classic idea. Sneakerheads fought for a place at the Atmos booth as this exclusive collection is like nothing of its kind. Kristopher Kites Kristopher Kites showcased his eclectic jewelry line at ComplexCon’s Brands to Watch space. His signature designs feature toy figurines hanging from translucent chains, a combination that no one saw coming but happens to work very nicely. For ComplexCon, Kites debuted his new designs with translucent Jesus figures and Gucci chains, supplementing his already unique collection exquisitely. People were seen walking across the convention sporting his jewlery around their necks because, well, it's just that good. Chinatown Market x Converse UV-Activated Sneakers Chinatown Market’s Converse booth attracted massive crowds all weekend. This collaboration appealed to so many because the color of the shoes become increasingly more vibrant in a stronger light. With altered hues of blue, orange, and purple, this shoe is a stand-alone statement piece that was impossible to overlook. The innovative UV-activation feature gives these sneakers a futuristic edge, as it's one of the first to explore new technologies in the development and design of shoes. After a powerful CELL Endura collaboration back in February of this year, Rhude and Puma are back again, and this time with a much larger range that will be dropping on August 3. The latest collection from the duo reimagines traditional silhouettes with four new footwear designs, and updated renditions of classic jackets, tracksuits, shirts, and hoodies. Designed with a pleasant balance of bright colors and neutral tones, this genderless streetwear line up is comfortably bold with an edge of class. As part of this capsule collection, the CELL Alien has been revamped with “Green Menthol” CELL technology and a light sole, completed with a coat of black leather and mesh fabrics for a sleek finish. The Palace Guard is also getting some changes with new grey tones and reckless stitching of the upper suede, leather, and nylon components to achieve an unfinished look. Similarly, the Basket ‘68 OG is under construction for a new silhouette featuring white and grey coloring on leather and suede with silver accents and textured laces. Finally, Puma’s Alteration has been updated with grey and silver undertones and the addition of suede and leather for a vintage feel. In addition to these fresh kicks, the capsule is offering a full collection of clothing, specifically created to pair with the shoes.  “Having immigrated to the United States before going to high-school, I learned about the power of brand recognition in a different way than most American designers,” explained Rhude founder Rhuigi Villaseñor in a statement. “The power of a logo can hold such weight and serve armor in its own way, the idea that I have the access to re-imagine that concept with my own brand in partnership with PUMA is a dream come true in its own right.”  The Los-Angeles based designer seamlessly implements his personal touches into Puma’s portfolio of footwear with this collection, which you can find in select retail stores and on Puma’s website starting August 3.  Poppy Delevingne hosted an intimate dinner party at the Waverly Inn & Garden last night to celebrate the launch of Italian fashion brand Agnona’s exclusive capsule collection Eternals. Through a night of social cocktails and delectable foods, the brand debuted its tailored collection made with luxurious fabrics to the masses. Agnona’s creative director Simon Holloway upholds the brand’s timeless elegance with this new range of chic essentials that will be presented exclusively at Bergdorf Goodman. Eternals is a collection of sartorial pieces that focuses on impeccable quality and unprecedented craftsmanship that eloquently blend into Agnona’s portfolio. These pieces are versatile and seasonless, as Holloway intended, so that they can be effortlessly paired in a woman’s wardrobe. The capsule presents cashmere peacoats and collared jackets, wool flannel pants, soft silk twill shirts, and many other high-end silhouettes that are available in four classic colors: black, flannel grey, navy, and camel. Made with exceptional attention to detail, crepe de chine linings and horn buttons with a single gold cuff complete each luxury silhouette intended for any time of day. In Holloway’s words, “The Eternals wardrobe cuts through the clutter and noise of seasonal fashion and offers timeless and luxurious solutions with exquisite quality.” Notable attendees of the celebratory dinner include Carlotta Kohl, Colby Mugrabi, Derek Blasberg, Georgia Fowler, Nick Brown, Mafalda Saxe Cobourg, Nausheen Shah, Pritika Swarup, Sarah Hoover Sachs, Mark Guiducci, Tabitha Simmons, and Thomas Hayo. As the face of the Eternals campaign, Poppy Delevingne elegantly welcomed the capsule collection in the Agnona way, with high class and ethereal style, for a successful launch and a very happy guest list.  Photography by Artur Próchnicki Styling by Serafin Zieliński FROM LEFT: TOP DKNY / JACKET BALMAIN, SKIRT BALMAIN, BOOTS SOPHIA WEBSTER FROM LEFT: TOP DKNY / JACKET BALMAIN, SKIRT BALMAIN, BOOTS SOPHIA WEBSTER DRESS BALMAIN COAT BALENCIAGA, SHOES YUUL YIE JACKET, JUMPER, SKIRT BOSS, SHOES YUUL YIE COAT MISBHV, BELT CHALAYAN DRESS BALMAIN, COAT CHALAYAN, GLOVES OFF-WHITE, SHOES GIVENCHY FROM LEFT: DRESS BALMAIN, GLOVES OFF-WHITE / JACKET, TOP, PANTS ALICE + OLIVIA, SHOES YUUL YIE Stylist & Art Director Serafin Zieliński Model Dominika | Uncover Makeup & Hair Monika Kropat Assistant Adam Byra | Light Casting Sylwia Błaszczyk Post-production Angelika Rychert | September Art Agency  Production Dawid Saratowicz | September Art Agency Billie Eilish is unleashing new identities alongside rapper Childish Major for MCM Worldwide’s new Fall 2019 campaign imagery, and it’s pleasantly eerie. With this collection, MCM’s new creative director Dirk Schönberger is challenging the traditional roles of fashion with a genderless range, and who better to have sport the progressive line than the controversial and fashion-forward Billie Eilish. “I like to glorify the things that make people uncomfortable,” Eilish claims in one clip from the campaign, and MCM’s latest collection definitely manifests her artistic influences. Shot by Lea Colombo, each photograph displays the ambiguity of gender identities and enables individual expression, qualities that play into the authenticity of the singer‘s brand.    The campaign’s visual collage highlights MCM’s new range with stark color contrasts and varied depths of perspective that put the clothes at the forefront of the photography. Featuring new designs of baggy pants, oversized sweaters, colorful leather bags, and the brand’s iconic sneakers, this collection doesn’t tie itself down to any one kind of person. In correlation with the fluidity of MCM’s latest collection, Eilish explains, “We’re so used to one way of living that we think other peoples’ lifestyles are wrong — sometimes automatically, without even thinking. I want to mess with what people are used to. I want to be that other.” Looking at the visuals from the launch, it becomes apparent that the pop star is owning that other identity as she explores new personas in each look for the campaign. As a visionary for the future of fashion, Schönberger was well aware that Billie Eilish’s creative philosophies aligned perfectly with what MCM’s new imagery is accomplishing. In an interview with WWD, he explained, “This is such a strong message at a time where uniformity is somehow on the rise. She’s a game-changer: Not only is she disruptive, but it also feels like she can’t be corrupted. It’s not a marketing trick: she is that person. She really stands out in the current music scene.” 17-year-old Eilish is blazing her way to the top with her breathtaking vocals and unapologetic personality, both of which have largely contributed to the strong, opinionated person she is today. MCM's campaign features this strength and emphasizes her sense of otherness in a way that inspires forward-thinking and personal exploration. Alessandro Michelle transports us back in time for his Fall 2019 campaign appropriately titled #GucciPrêtÀPorter. The campaign shot by Glen Luchford takes us back to the height of fashion and its glamour. Before fashion reporting was about “drops” and Creative Director musical chairs. A time when fashion was about clothes and their craftsmanship was marveled. When magazines had sky-high budgets, editors like Diana Vreeland and Carmel Snow reigned, and John Fairchild reigned over the industry with an iron fist. A press release for the house states “The tale of fashion and tales about fashion are the stuff of legend, that comes to life with the advent of prêt-à-porter and its heyday, those iconic images that span four decades: the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, and become contemporary in the lexicon of the Creative Director of the House of the Double G.” The standout masks from the Fall-Winter collection are on full display in the black and white vintage mock-up covers and editorial spreads. Replacing the Trinty are the Midland Agency cast trio of women dressed in power suits with even more powerful up-dos, the work of hairstylist, Paul Hanlon.  The campaign video set in Paris reimagines the Gucci Gang in a vintage atelier highlighting its inner workings. Miles Davis’s "ASCENSEUR POUR L’ECHAFAUD (GENERIQUE)” plays in the background juxtaposing the chaos of the before and during an old couture show when they were intimate. When models were theatrical and moved with grace- twirling showing the clothes to buyers and fashion press not just stomping by in a flash. The show ends with the young twinkly Gucci boy as a couture bride rewriting the honored couture tradition.  Teasers for the campaign on Instagram show pay tribute to the birth and boom of fashion television shows like Fashion TV and Style with Elsa Klensch in the '70s and ’80s. A Kitty Porter-esque reporter backstage of a Gucci fashion show struggles to interview a designer who looks like a young Little Richard but attempts to fake it til you make it. The brand’s latest campaign makes us yearn for the glamour that fashion once was. It’s the ability to transport us to fantasy through the decadence of the clothing and not the industries facades. We are gushing over Gucci’s latest campaign and you can learn more about it here. Centered around community uplift, Madhappy attempts to transcend both local and global scales on its way to promoting widespread physical, mental, and spiritual positivity through their chic designs. Online and in-store, the brand makes a conscious effort to promote mental health awareness through the pieces they create and the words they abide by. We owe this whole breath of fashion fresh air to Noah Raf, the young and already widely successful, co-founder of Madhappy. We sat down with Raf to figure out his intentions for what's in store with the "Local Optimist Group."  You’re no stranger to the world of fashion. What prompted you to launch Madhappy? I don’t think there is a certain thing I can pinpoint that prompted us to launch Madhappy. I had another company before that I started right out of high school and that’s where I really fell in love with the fashion industry. After that fizzled out I just wanted to do it again but take a completely different approach to it. Once my partner approached me with the name I fell in love with it and we hit the ground running.  The name is an interesting one - and an uplifting one. What’s behind the name Madhappy? One of my partners (Mason) thought of the name and instantly called me. I still remember where I was. I went straight to his house and we starting talking about what we wanted to create with it. One of the reasons the name stuck with me so much (aside from being insanely catchy) was that it was so relatable. Everyone can connect to it in one way or another. We all have moments where we are struggling, and we all have moments where we are thriving. Madhappy is able to highlight both of those moments and connect both parts of our lives in an encapsulating way. The mission of Madhappy is to make the world more of an optimistic place. What practices are you taking to help create a shift? More so than making the world a more optimistic place, I believe the real mission of Madhappy is to end the stigma around mental health and the thought that talking about our suffering means weakness. In doing that, we strive to help make the world a more optimistic place. We are still learning and figuring out all the steps that we can take in accomplishing that. From donation releases to our panels on mental health that we host at our pop-ups we try to give back in everything we do, whether it is actual funds to a foundation or a platform for people to share their stories and inspire others. We recently launched a blog on our website to share personal stories, interviews, and updates on what we've been up to. We want the blog to be a space for readers to seek inspiration, validation and share their thoughts with us. Madhappy is more than just clothing, it's a lifestyle choice and it's a community. We are equally eager to share our stories as we are to hear new ones. I love the terminology you use, ‘local optimists’. Can you tell me a little bit about why this lingo is so important to the brand? Language is so important when creating a brand. How you communicate with your consumer and what kind of words you are using is something that is very important to us. We want to make sure that we are always consistent and on-brand with our messaging. One of our designers thought of the term “Local Optimist Group” and we all instantly fell in love with it. We feel like it really captures the essence of what it means to be a member of the Madhappy community.   You’re not afraid of color - which we are very happy about. When it comes to choosing each season’s color palette, where does the inspiration begin? Without a doubt, the inspiration begins with nature. What does the natural world look like during that time of the year? And how do those colors reflect the mood people usually have during that time of the year? All members of our team will look through our Pantone book and pick a few shades that they like, from there we will all meet, sort through everyone’s selections and select the few colors that resonate with all of us moving forward. What I personally love about the colors we pick are the different washes that we use when dying, seeing how colors can change as you infuse them with different techniques is very inspiring. Are there any new product categories you want to explore as the brand evolves? I’m always thinking about new categories and bigger projects even if they are months and even years ahead. I have always wanted to make shoes. Sunglasses are something that we are starting to talk about that now. On the fashion side, just being able to have new developments that cater more to a certain time of year and that relate to a city where we pop up. Ski gear for Aspen, silk shirts for Miami. You were born in Florence and at the age of 18, launched your first clothing line. What did you learn about the business at that time that you’ve applied to your brand now? I learned a lot. A lot that I still put to use today. I learned the ins and outs. I was fortunate enough that I started this all in downtown Los Angeles, where there are infinite resources. On the creative side, I learned how to source fabric, how to get patterns made, how to edit bodies and how to print on garments. On the business side, I learned how to work with factories, how to build relationships and how to build a sustainable business. While I am still learning every single day, I use a lot of the experience I gained from my teenage years to this day.   Do you remember where you were when you saw someone wearing Madhappy for the first time? What did that feel like? I remember a shift where the first year of Madhappy I would see someone wearing it and I would be able to trace them back to the brand. Mutual friends or someone that I knew personally. Now I see people wearing it, or I have people telling me that they saw someone wear it who has no connection to the brand or anyone I know. That was a really cool feeling. Knowing that someone else appreciates what we do enough to both invest in it and wear it. When people get dressed in the morning, the clothes they put on represent them. How they feel and how they want to be seen by others. If we can be a part of how people express themselves and communicate with the world, that is such a gift and makes me feel very fulfilled. If there’s an overall message with your brand that you want everyone who purchases an item to experience, what would it be? That it’s okay to not be okay. That wearing Madhappy really means more than just wearing clothes. You are wearing something with meaning, with a message that brings people together and reminds us that we have way more in common than we do differently. To feel like you are a part of something and you and welcomed. We are trying to start something, and everyone is invited. The heritage Americana outdoors clothing company Woolrich has taped Young Hollywood stars Hero Fiennes Tiffin and Odessa Young for their Fall 2019 lookbook. The brand’s latest collection takes inspiration from their signature Buffalo Check pattern and reinterprets it through a new Buffalo Check-inspired logo. Shot in Flushing Meadows Park in Queens by Daniel Shea, the starlets pay homage to the house's rich American heritage looking chill even though there parkas and blankets look anything but. Tiffin first known to many for his portrayal of a Young Lord Voldemort in Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince pairs the Zipper Buffalo Jacket with a stripped Merino Turtleneck. While Young who will star in the upcoming film Shirley looks effortlessly cool in her red Buffalo Jacket. This isn’t Tiffin’s first foray into fashion. He's previously walked for Dolce and Gabanna as well as starring in their Spring Summer 2018 campaign. The actor closed recent Salvatore Ferragamo's Spring 2020 Men's show in Milan. The outdoor clothing company is looking to open their Soho flagship in August and you can shop the brand's collection here. Photography courtesy of Brad Dickson, Dylan Kelly, and Louis Vuitton. A glistening white castle at the peak of Rodeo Drive houses a one-of-a-kind exhibition where guests embark on a visual journey through the intricate history of the remarkable French fashion house Louis Vuitton. As you take your first steps inside the grand glowing gates, you are greeted by the exhibit’s polite personnel who usher you towards the first room where a portrait of a 16-year-old Louis Vuitton stands before you. If only the naive apprentice sitting calmly in that painting knew of the extraordinary empire he was about to build under his name. Standing as a celebration of the 160 years of Louis Vuitton’s creative pioneering and artistic collaboration, Louis Vuitton X then brings you back to the 1920s for an up-close look at some of the designer’s first custom pieces in the next room. You’re welcomed with some of the designer’s first perfume bottle silhouettes and storefront window displays. As you scan the room, you discover vintage orders of custom trunks and his angular furniture designs beautifully displayed by the back wall. Keep walking and you’ll enter a dimly-lit room lined with windows on every inch of the wall. Here is where the fashion showcases Louis Vuitton’s collaborations with other prestigious designers across the years. The combination of the world’s greatest creative minds reinvented and transformed the traditional bags and motifs into iconic, one-of-a-kind pieces. Take a look at a punching bag crafted with Karl Lagerfeld, a photographer’s trunk made with Cindy Sherman, a DJ’s record case in cooperation with Helmut Lang, or a bag-as-sculpture with Zaha Hadid. These masterpieces showcase the talent of each of these designers and the level of luxury they hold themselves to. It’s stunning. A massively colorful wall lights the way into the next room, where signature looks and luminous interpretations take over the classic monogram on the Maison’s modern luggage. Look up-and-down and side-to-side across this vast wall of artistic transformation with the likes of Stephen Sprouse, Takashi Murakami, Damien Hirst, and Jeff Koons. With moving visuals and colored coordination, it’s hard to take your eyes off this noble expo.  Art meets fashion in the next two rooms, where Vuitton’s textile designs line the walls on beautiful canvas and artistic outfits stand in bright booths, showcasing the House’s creative partnerships. See collaborations with visionaries including Stephen Sprouse, Richard Prince, Marc Jacobs, and Virgil Abloh in ways that alter the traditional Louis Vuitton form. Whether it’s art collaborating with fashion or vice versa, the designer’s commitment to creative exploration is paramount in the unwavering innovation the brand is known for.  The Pink Room is next, and you definitely can’t miss it. 31 beautiful looks designed by Nicolas Ghesquière, Artistic Director of Women’s collections, for Hollywood’s biggest stars take center stage in their original form. Emma Stone’s long, embroidered Met Gala dress stands tall next to Alicia Vikander’s silk evening gown worn to the Golden Globe Awards. Each dress speaks to the House’s incredible ability to instill each star’s personal character into the modern silhouettes that make it down the carpet. The unprecedented skill and extraordinary attention to detail of Ghesquière truly come to life as you admire each dress standing before you.  A walk through an incredible, century and a half journey can only make you excited for what’s to come next. The latest addition to Louis Vuitton’s creative collaborations, Artycapucines, is presented in the next, and final, room. This collection is a limited-edition range of Capucines, the Maison’s iconic bag named after the street where Louis Vuitton opened his first store. Each bag undergoes a visual transformation through the idiosyncratic imaginations of contemporary artists Alex Israel, Urs Fischer, Jonas Wood, Nicholas Hlobo, Tschabalala Self, and Sam Falls. Their interpretations take direct inspiration from their own art pieces, and the results are something special.  After letting the art of the House sink in, head up a grand pink staircase to a pop-up store and bright outdoor balcony to pay tribute to the modern interpretations of the brand’s legacy. You’ll be given a pin from the exhibit on your way out to commemorate your experience with Louis Vuitton X, a token of the brand’s exceptional hospitality. If you want to take a trip through the years of Louis Vuitton and experience each room yourself, the exhibition will be open until September 16, 2019, and trust me, it’s worth every second. Succeeding creative legends such as Sol LeWitt, James Rosenquist, Andrée Putman, Yayoi Kusama, Alex Israel is the latest artist to bring his talents to the House of Louis Vuitton.  This new, playful eight-piece textile collection from Israel follows on from his recent collaborative work for the brand on the Artycapucines bag and packaging for Les Colognes Perfumes, and now features a range of scarves, shawls, and blankets.  Inspired by the artist's iconic Wave paintings, the House's elegant silk square takes on a bright, dreamy pastel hue across four color combinations and three sizes, put together using a unique quilting technique. The scarf is padded to recreate the puffy texture of Israel's paintings, while the reverse side features Louis Vuitton's signature monogram pattern.     The jumbo scarf also doubles up as a comfy blanket, showing off Alex Israel's refreshing approach to sizing, in which the classic square scarf can be reimagined and worn in a variety of modern ways.       The collection’s Sky Backdrop Monogram shawls are made of a silk and cashmere blend and are artfully printed with the artist's Sky Backdrop paintings in two beautiful color options. The final piece in the collection is the Desperado bandeau, inspired by Israel's 2015 bronze sculpture of the same name, featuring a desert scene, cacti, and cars against the Sky Backdrop, overprinted with the Louis Vuitton Monogram.  Colombia native Adriana Castro is known for bringing Latin American indigeneity to high fashion, producing handbags in modern, geometric patterns with natural elements. By drawing from artisan techniques, Castro preserves the long-lasting history of Colombia and translates it into practical pieces for the everyday woman. Her Zenú design takes precedent from the Colombian sombrero vueltiao (meaning turned hat), woven with locally grown cane. Castro is an adamant supporter of sustainable practices, believing that quality and time will always trump a disposable trend. L'Officiel got a window into Castro's philosophies on the role of a good handbag and what it means to derive inspiration from a geographic essence.  How has your Colombian ancestry influenced your designs? ADRIANA CASTRO: I was born and raised in the northern Caribbean coast region, in Barranquilla. It is tropic and it is culture. I fell  in love with the natural expression of happiness of the people, and also with the color and parties of the city. No one shies from laughing or dancing at all times ;). The city is home to one of the most important folk and cultural festivals of the world, the Carnival of Barranquilla.  Colombia is a culturally rich country and carries a long tradition in its back, with a focus on art and crafts. I began to explore in depth our land in terms of inspiration, materials, techniques and processes. There are many traditional pieces of clothing and accessories in Colombia. There are two that have always been in my memory and heart, the 'Sombrero Vueltiao,' and the 'Carriel'. The 'Sombrero Vueltiao' is native to the Zenú culture and has inspired a whole family of bags that bear his name. As the original hat, our iconic Zenú bag is woven in caña flecha, a locally grown cane. The 'Carriel' has also been very traditional in the Paisa region of Colombia and has conquered me so much that I turned it into one of the iconic bags of the Adriana Castro brand and have recreated it in different materials, colors and sizes.   How does practicality play a role in handbag design? AC: In handbag design, practicality is as essential as quality. I am a woman on the go and I understand how fast we move, we need a bag that fits our day to day and our needs and changes of attitudes. To the working woman as to the housewife, to the fashionista, to the classic one. A clear example of this philosophy are the Azza, Zenú and Mini carriel bags, which in their different variations can be carried from day to night, from couture to the simplest of casual.    Does your production stand to change as your reach gets wider? AC: We are a brand that reflects a slower process and pace. Our pieces are made with love and passion, by hand, using traditional artisan techniques. Purpose in every piece is more important than quantity and trends and we don’t want to compromise our key values and ethics. For us, sustainable and purposeful luxury is a way of life. We have committed with the hands that weave and materialize dreams. We want to continue to work with artisans and indigenous communities not only from Colombia, but also from other countries.   How do you blend modern and retro qualities in your designs? AC: They are a reflection of who I am, my essence, spirit and style (and the places I love that made me or continue making me who I am). It’s also a way of seeing life of the artisans we work and collaborate with, a very classic vision but one that does not forget modern times.  We love telling stories through each piece. Based out of our main atelier in Colombia, master artisans combine traditional techniques with new ways of thinking. We are constantly exploring combinations of forms and materials and feeding on culture and new artistic expressions. We want to celebrate tradition and not trends, we mix history with a brushstroke of the present creating timeless designs in bold, sensual textures and colors – without compromising our ethics and key values, the new definition of luxury.  How do you feel “slow fashion” stands out in a world consumed by highly disposable “fast fashion”? AC: Yes, it is true that we live in a world of trends, but I believe that the future of fashion is sustainable, and that makes me feel calm and confident. Global consumer trends are demanding a change that has been taking place gradually, it’s all about accumulating experiences and not possessions. People are turning their eyes to more conscious options, so the Adriana Castro brand is looking beyond: our mission is to create luxury with a purpose, timeless pieces blending traditional craftsmanship with modern classics. We will continue to focus on what we care about most: enjoying time designing and creating the best piece possible with the very finest materials, hand in hand with local artisans. We believe that when a piece is consciously made and is of the highest quality, it is destined to survive the fast-pace of fashion and to be passed onto following generations. For me, sustainable and purposeful luxury is a way of life. I have committed myself with the hands that weave and materialize dreams. I want to continue to work with indigenous communities and artisans not only from Colombia, but also from other countries. I have also acquired a greater responsibility with the Latino Impact Summit that takes place at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City, looking for new ways to, from Adriana Castro, contribute to reduce inequalities in Latin America and work towards achieving the UN sustainable development goals. I have also reaffirmed my commitment to craftsmanship, and to preserve their ancestral techniques through their pieces.   Do you feel that natural solutions will always have a place for the modern woman? AC: Absolutely and I am proud they have a place for the modern woman.   Our iconic Zenú bag is a proof of that; there is waiting list. It has become a collection piece charged with exceptional craftsmanship and sustainable materials. The design is connected to Colombia and celebrates my culture. Stories that are embodied in a bag that after a hand-made braid, come to life at the Adriana Castro Atelier.    What are the qualities of a perfect handbag, in your opinion? AC: The perfect handbag has to tell a thousand stories. Consciously made. Exclusive and authentic, it has to carry with it the perception that the wearer is somebody special. Timeless, it never bends to trends. Survives the fast-pace of fashion and is destined to be passed on to following generations. Finest quality, not only noble and uncompromising materials -but quality from the social component of who’s making the piece. Practical. Versatile. What elements of your design do you think can appeal to both high-profile celebrities and everyday women? How do you strike that balance as a luxury brand? AC: Each piece we create is a divine universe of love and full of secrets that is destined to connect/match with the right person — and that’s our ongoing quest.  I did not find in the market a timeless, authentic, handmade handbag of impeccable quality and uncompromising materials, with a story with which I identified myself, not so focused on trends. I liked the idea of seasonless, when you don’t know which season it is or which year you bought/designed it. That’s how I connected in 2009 when I founded the Adriana Castro brand.   Your work links heavily to your travels and to geographical culture. How do you gain inspiration on your travels? AC: I am a wandering heart. I love traveling, it is one of my passions. I am always on the go discovering and uncovering the beauty that surrounds me, which makes my trips true sources of inspiration. During my travels love, culture, architecture, an aroma, a place, a feeling or even flavor, inspire me to create. My designs surrender to tradition, one of my strongest sources of inspiration is Latin America and especially Colombia. The colors of the world's landscapes allow me to play with textures and palettes of colors that seem impossible at first sight, but that complement each other as if they were part of a work of art, as if they always belonged to each other.   How do you choose which locations and cultures to draw your designs from? AC: I do not choose them, I ask for adventure. I love discovering new cultures and just blending in. Where I feel most alive, most probably new designs will evolve from.    Do you believe there’s a bag for every occasion, or do you stick by a go-to in your everyday life? AC: I believe that among the most important qualities of the bags should be practicality and innovation in both, design and materials. With the speed at which the world moves today, the pieces that we invest in must fit our needs, ever changing attitudes and personalities, the active, the worker, the mother, the traveler, the one that ends the day of daytime activities to go to a dinner or party at night; that's where our true challenge as designers is. For example, our iconic Azza bag exploits completely its ability to transform, since it can be held directly from its handle, as a bracelet, or by its additional strap.    Where have you been getting your inspiration lately? AC: Lately I've been traveling through Colombia, back to my roots, so I've fallen in love with incredible places that are pure magical realism. Barranquilla, Cartagena, Santa Marta, Nabusimake, Valledupar, Corozal and a little town called Chorrera have been some of my latest destinations. Right now, I am in Spain and soon heading to the French Riviera to continue working while enjoying summer and I hope to finish it happily in Cuba or Indonesia. I am sure that all these adventures will result in new fun creations, full of soul.    This interview has been edited for length and/or clarity. We are all morally and culturally bankrupt. At least that's what Duke George, creative director of the pop culture-inspired brand Cloney, believes. To him, this customizable streetwear brand, which is loved by A-list celebrities, functions as equal part beacon and mirror. We sat down with Duke to learn more about what inspired his designs and the significance behind them.  Yale Breslin: What was the mission behind launching Cloney? Since it’s launch, how has it evolved? Duke George: Cloney lives at the intersection of pop culture, art, fashion, and music. Beginning as an innovative rap group, Cloney has evolved into a multidisciplinary creative force and lifestyle brand embraced by innovators, tastemakers and celebrities alike. Whether designing streetwear that perfectly encapsulates a moment in time or debuting new audio and visual snacks that equally puts that moment to a beat, Cloney is equal parts beacon and mirror. YB: You’ve built the idea of celebrity into your brand. Can you tell me a little bit about this?  DG: It’s more about being inspired by pop-culture that is the DNA of the brand and what the brand is built around.  The fact that so many people of note have adopted the collection is really just a validation that Cloney is hitting the pulse with its innovative collections.  YB: Speaking of, why do you think celebrities have gravitated so hard towards Cloney?  DG: Again being arbiters of pop culture themselves, I think Cloney taps into a message, a vibe, a feeling that they relate to, and thus adopt as part of their wardrobe, or at times,  a way of communicating a non-verbal message.  YB: There’s this idea of the word ‘Clone’ imbedded in the brand name. I’d love to know a little bit more about this.  DG: People are obsessed with celebrity, gossip, and the worshipping of famous identities. Trends in clothing and appearance are pulled directly from the pages of Us Weekly and shows like Extra and duplicated endlessly. Shows like The Voice can garner more votes than presidential elections. People no longer experience their lives in live-action, preferring instead to do so through the lens of their iPhone camera, Instagram and Snapchat. Because of this, We are becoming Clones of popular culture. This is the backdrop that gives rise to Cloney. YB: You began as an innovative rap group and then evolved into a multi-disciplinary brand that touches on many facets. Beyond clothing, what else is in store for Cloney?   DG: All forms of art are part of what we do,  and thankfully due to that, we have several projects that will be rolled out in the near future.  YB: You have an incredible career as a dancer, an actor, a stylist. Do you think this has helped the Cloney brand lifestyle?   DG: Absolutely. Creating my own forms of art or being front row to some of the greatest artists ever known have left an indelible inspiration mark on me and everything I do.  YB: I love your designs. Can you tell me a little bit about how the Dan Tana and MR CHOW collaborations came about?  DG: Thank you. Both started as bootlegs out of my trunk. I wanted to make cool merch for places that already had a cool clientele. I wanted to "respectfully as possible" make some noise with the hoodies and ultimately have the opportunity to do it officially with the restaurant. Having lived in LA for over 20 years, there are certain institutions that have had stood the test of time…I just felt it would be cool to pay homage in my own way to them and it worked.  As a brand that is also created and produced in LA, I liked the connectivity of that and as it turns out I wasn’t the only one. I’m very proud The "Dan Tana's ala Cloney" collection is now an official collab with the restaurant.  Pop Culture, Art, Fashion, and Music Inspired Graphic Apparel – CLONEY Mariasole Cecchi looked around at all the fashionable women of Paris and couldn’t help but notice they all had the same black Chanel handbag. The bag, no doubt beautiful in its simplistic elegance, somehow left her wanting. One day, in an attempt to liven up her accessory a little, Mariasole grabbed some legos—like the ones your niece and nephew have—and glued them onto her handbag, writing “Love” in big block letters. She wore her new creation out that evening and it caused an instant stir. Mariasole then began designing bags for friends and family, before eventually leaving Europe for Brazil. It was in Brazil where her bags really began to take off. In no time, her bags were in the highest of demand from the most influential actresses and models, and it wasn’t long before Mariasole became a fashion icon in her own right. She’s been featured in the pages of Vogue, Elle, and Harper’s Bazaar. In 2013, Mariasole returned to her native Florence, where she teamed up with her brother, Andrea Cecchi, to launch the first official collection of her brand Les Petits Joueurs. The same year, Mariasole won the Vogue Talents competition for emerging designers. Since then, the star of LPJ has only continued to rise. In 2016, she was elected by the Business of Fashion as one of the 500 most influential people in the fashion industry. Her designs are now available in 145 countries and line the shelves of some of the world’s most prestigious stores including Bergdorf Goodman, Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Browns, Luisa Via Roma, and 10 Corso Como. We recently caught up with Mariasole to hear more about her luxury brand on the rise and find out where she gets the inspiration for her eye-catching designs. RYAN KILLIAN KRAUSE: You’ve described your career as a “fashion experiment gone wrong.” What does that mean? MARIASOLE CECCHI: It’s more of a ‘fashion experiment gone right.” I played with Lego bricks and placed them on an old purse – doing this kickstarted my career. From there I launched my brand. This experiment put me where I am today.   RKK: The LOVE bag is the one that really got you attention at first. What was the inspiration for that bag? MC: Back in my twenties, I was living in Paris and all the girls at that time were wearing the same black Chanel bag. I got bored of everyone wearing the same type of accessories and decided to customize an old bag I had at home by gluing Lego bricks onto it saying ‘Love.’ I wore it out that evening and people were stopping me on the street. I really wanted to create something unique, which rings true today. I want the people who wear Les Petits Joueurs to stand out.   RKK: Your designs have clear pop culture references. Can you describe the impact that popular culture has had on you as a designer and how that translates into your designs?  MC: I take in inspiration from everything around me. At Les Petits Joueurs’ inception, I was really inspired by pop culture and modern art. This inspired all of the colorful and bold designs. Today, I am still inspired by pop culture and modern art, along with other art forms, people, different cultures, and other centuries. I believe that creative design is really an evolution of yourself and yes it does depend on trends, but also your creative feelings in the moments when you’re developing a new collection. I always trust my initial feelings when I’m in that creative process.   RKK: Do you have a partnership with Lego for your bags? MC: We don’t have a partnership with Lego, however, they’ve always been extremely supportive. They know about our work and love what we do, but we are not endorsed by them. In Les Petits Joueurs’ beginning, they really helped logistically with getting the large amount of Lego bricks we needed.   RKK: You were born in Florence, lived in Paris and did a stint in Sao Paolo. What impacts have these different cultures and the fashions they influence had on your designs? MC: Traveling and living in different places was definitely the best ‘life school’ I could have. Meeting different people and being surrounded by different cultures, cities and countries really helped me in defining my creative personality.   RKK: I’ve read that you take trips twice a year for business, inspiration, and relaxation. Has there been a place or a culture that inspired you the most? MC: There have been many trips that have inspired me. I’ve recently gone to Africa and my beloved Brazil. They are both an endless source of inspiration and positive vibes. RKK: Where was your most recent trip?  MC: I was most recently in Los Angeles. I wanted to take a break and recharge in a sunny city that’s filled with vintage treasures that will definitely help inspire my next collection.    RKK: Where did the inspiration for this most recent collection come from? MC: Our Fall/Winter collection, which is currently hitting stores, is very different from all my past collections. It’s inspired by the ’90s so I worked with clean shapes while adding Les Petits Joueurs’ unique elements such as color combinations and materials. It’s one of my favorite collections to date and I am proud of the digital campaign we created as it represents the collection’s concept and vibe perfectly.   RKK: You’ve credited fashion bloggers with helping Les Petits Joueurs really take off. What role do you think the bloggers have had in its success? MC: Bloggers have really helped us get our brand message across to their followers by wearing our creations naturally. We’ve become friends with some amazing bloggers and we always appreciate their feedback and opinions.   RKK: Do you have a favorite handbag you’ve designed?  MC: I have so many favorites right now, and I wear my designs all the time. The dearest one to my heart will always be the first one I ever created, the Mini Alex Love Bag.   RKK: You opened your first boutique in 2016. What’s it like to have your own stand-alone location, especially since it’s in your hometown?  MC: It’s a great achievement and we are extremely proud. It’s a really amazing feeling and we can’t wait to expand even further.  We also recently relocated our headquarters to Milan and are concentrating on our digital channel.   RKK: So, what’s next? What can we expect in the future from you and Les Petits Joueurs? MC: Most recently we launched shoes, so we are working on growing that aspect of the brand. The feedback has already been amazing, so we will continue to expand into that market. We also have more collaborations and partnerships in the pipeline, as well as more fun and iconic pieces that will continue to help expand the Les Petits Joueurs brand even more! Giuseppe Zanotti just released their Fall 20019 line earlier today. The at once evocative yet refined new line was shot by photographer Suffo Moncloa, who gives these shots a distinct film-noir vibe with his rich cinematic lighting and minimalistic and sleek set design. Each image is bathed in soft red to create an invitingly chic mood for the key styles of the seasons, from the slouchy, silver “Hattie” boot to the ornate, couture-crafted “Fleur” sandal to the sensual, mixed-media “Susie Feline” pump. For men, the new season “Blabber” sneaker and croc-embossed “Abbey” boot show up in an equally cool and compelling environment. “The Fall collection is all about sophistication and chic contrasts,” says Zanotti. “With the campaign, I wanted to portray both facets of the Giuseppe Zanotti man and woman—elegant, modern, individualistic and always with a certain something that stands out from everyone else.” To accompany the new line, Zanotti also released a campaign video, shot by Sharna Osborne. The kinetic and unexpected reel, full of sharp cuts and mismatched overlays, expertly captures the essence of the new Zanotti line: self-possessed, confident, sophisticated, and playful. The video gives off a certain sense of nostalgia, with its muted colors and moments of static, as if it’s being viewed through an old TV. This distinctly retro vibe juxtaposed with the contemporary spirit of the Fall line brings in a heightened sense of dramatic energy that only makes us want these shoes more.   Everyone wants to be a dad on vacation, sans the cargo shorts. There’s nothing more opulent, more indulgent than a middle-aged man taking time off from work to embarrass himself in a foreign land, completely unconcerned with the repercussions of his cultural snafus. There’s a lack of pretense, a commitment to self-care, inherent to his attitude; while his wife and kids pore over tour schedules and activities to fill the time, the dad lazes by the pool and nourishes an equally ebullient sunburn. Integral to the dad on vacation is the Hawaiian shirt, a short-sleeve button-down host to a multitude of bright-colored botanical patterns. Once a decided fashion “don’t,” the Hawaiian shirt has found new life this summer, well beyond the beach.  Palm Angels’ Men’s Spring 2020  collection featured the tropical print heavily, evoking a cross between billionaire playboy and bohemian wanderer. The reach extended from the short-sleeve button-down to bomber jackets and blazers, adding a sophisticated edge to a motif that could dangerously verge on tacky. The subdued color palette also steps away from the coconut-studded beachside to the streets of a small Meditterranean town.  Some, however, have embraced the unabashed camp of the Hawaiian shirt in full-force. Shia LaBeouf sports the print in his now cult-famous streetwear style, a devout follower of the gorpcore, hiking trail-meets-runway mentality. The shirt also harks back to his Disney channel days as the titular character in Even Stevens. Disney teen style is not known for its subtlety, and the Hawaiian shirt is just one of the ways trends have been shifting to the louder and bolder. Stranger Things’ newest season also takes a page from the fashion of 1985, dressing its characters in electric patterns and prints. Police Chief Hopper most notably covets a peach-colored button-down, declaring it “something fresh.” El also ditches the pale babydoll dress and oversized hand-me-downs for a Keith Haring-esque jumpsuit and scrunchie and a canary-yellow Aztec print that really jumps out against the Upside-Down.  Perhaps the most devout followers of the Hawaiian shirt, however, come from an unexpected subculture. Lesbians and gay men alike have been co-opting the dad wear in a new branch of androgynous style, paired with anything from boyfriend jeans to board shorts. A Britney-esque tie at the front adds a playful, feminine twist to an otherwise frumpy outfit, while some may opt to button all the way up the collar for a more formal edge. Whether buttoned up, down, or gaping open with a white tank underneath, the Hawaiian shirt has become a summer staple to replace the lesbian’s warmer flannel and to add a tropical twist to the standard H&M printed shirt. Like most trends that begin in subculture, they find a way to the mainstream. The polar opposite to the dad on vacation is the young working woman (lesbian or otherwise) who has adopted the Hawaiian shirt for the business casual. Tucked into a wide-leg pant or midi skirt, a parrot-studded print can make an office girl feel like she’s taking a much-needed vacation, even if she’s on her third coffee of the day.  The Hawaiian shirt’s redemption arc follows the greater trend of younger millennials and Gen Z taking to thrift shops to dress like their fathers, whether it be called normcore, gorpcore, or dadcore. Bucket hats, another dad-on-vacation staple, have also birthed a new life, as have sport sandals, chunky sneakers, and the infamous Croc. Unlike these other accessories, the Hawaiian shirt is foundational enough to gain a different identity however style you wear it, always speaking for itself. If you want to make a summery statement, or if you just want to feel like a salaried executive taking a week off in Cabo, try a Hawaiian shirt.  LUXOTTICA presents their new collection of statement eyewear that's sure to make any outfit look more sophisticated and stylish. Crowd-favorite brands like Ray-Ban, Prada and many more have released sunnies in a range of trendy styles-be it dramatic frames or edgier geometric-shaped ones. These trending glasses with angular, oversized and patterned frames that will add character to any look you want to achieve.    1. Angular Frames Steering away from common, generic-type frames- the geometrically-inspired angular frame. The interesting mix of curves and flat angles of these kinds of frames will add dimension to your face, and will definitely spice up your outfit.   1. Burberry BE3111 (Women)  This bold and unique pair of sunglasses from Burberry's Spring/Summer 2019 collection will definitely a turn heads. The distinguishable, triangular-looking frame is gold-plated and adorned with enamel details. The model comes in different variations of acetate temple tips and lens colours:, such as tortoiseshell temple tips with gradient grey lenses, white temple tips with grey lenses, blush pink temple tips with pink lenses and pistachio temple tips with green lenses.   2. Emporio Armani EA2085 (Men)    From Emporio Armani's Spring/Summer 2019 collection comes this pair of eye-catching metal-framed glasses. Its intriguing shape and thin frame make it a cool and classy addition to your wardrobe. It features a laser engraved logo and comes in 2 variations- matte silver with silver mirrored lenses or matte blue with light blue lenses.    3. Ray-Ban RX5370 The first thing you'll notice is probably the super angular frame these Ray-Ban glasses boast- in fact, there a total of six sides to these acetate frames! From the famous eyewear brand's Spring/Summer 2019 collection, these are available in either black or Havana.    2. Oversized Frames  Oversized frames can help to exude a dramatic and elegant vibe that will upgrade any outfit. On top of that, their strong browlines also add character to the look. Paired easily with gems and other embellishments, these glasses are sure to be a summer wardrobe favorite.   1. Dolce&Gabbana DG2231 (Men)  From D&G's logo collection, the aviator's bright orange details add a pop of color and give an even more unique look to the glasses. The striking pair also features an embossed D&G logo on its temples. It is available in variations of gunmetal mirrored lenses with grey rubber inserts, and gold with gold-colored mirrored lenses with white rubber inserts.    2. Miu Miu SMU 68U  This sparkling piece comes from Miu Miu's Spring/Summer 2019 fashion show special collection. These classy sunnies dazzle with large maxi crystals and satin ribbons—you definitely won't be able to take your eyes off its shiny details! The sunglasses are available with different lenses with shades of charcoal and purple, and with optional ribbon detail.    3. Prada SPR 22V This frame from the Prada Maquillage collection is inspired by the fashion show's original theme, true to its signature large wraparound shape. The oversized sunglasses work perfectly to frame your face and come in wearable shades of pastel Pink and Cloud, as well as classic Black, Ivory, Classic and Medium Tortoise shades. Another notable point is the metal detail placed on the bridge of the glasses, which serves as a deliberately contrasting detail to the overall look of the eyepiece.      3. Printed Frames   Frames with bold and fun patterns may be the answer to giving your outfit that something special, especially with the retro look trending this season.  1. Prada SPR 03V (Women) Deriving from Prada's disguise collection, these dynamic-looking sunglasses sport the bold camouflage print in multiple color variations of Begonia, Teal, Camel, and Black, and also in classic Black and Tortoise. Their acetate, irregular-shaped frame is perfect for those who want a chic, sporty look.  2. Prada VPR 01X (Men) This model is distinguishable by its thick and round frame and is a new optical style from Prada's Journal Collection. The unique acetate tortoise frame comes in a variety of colors: Classic Tortoise, Rosewood Tortoise, and Powder Tortoise. It also comes in a classic Black shade for those who prefer a simpler look.  3. Prada VPR 06X (Women)  Identifiable by its interesting shape, these frames from the Prada Maquillage collection feature a curved shaped frame that exudes a softer look, contrasting with its tapered sides. You can purchase these interesting eyeglasses in several tortoise frame colors: Black, Classic and Medium, or in a stylish pastel Pink and Transparent, paired with temples of solid shades of Pink and Ivory.  Stars swapped bathing suits and beach vacations for full glam and runway shows at Paris Fashion Week Men’s Spring/Summer 2020. The annual affair attracts style icons from across the world who make way to the City of Love to celebrate the debut of top fashion houses’ latest designs. Across 6 days, round the clock photo shoots, exclusive events, red carpets and fashion shows ensure that the excitement never ceases. This year, glamorous attendees pushed boundaries with daring looks and fresh takes on old trends, paving the way for a new direction in fashion.  From hair and makeup to shining red carpet moments, we got an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at designer and entrepreneur Kristen Noel Crawley’s fashion week experience. The beauty mogul stands out among other fashion figures with an eclectic blend of luxury and streetwear apparel that she has coined as her signature style. Over the course of the week, Kristen took center stage with her striking statement pieces and jaw-dropping looks as she attended several shows including Off-White, Valentino, and Dior. Take a look at what she had to show us below. On my way to my first show of the season, Off-White. Decided on soft and natural glam for my first day of Men’s. Stopping and smelling the carnations at the Off-White Spring 2020 show. On Wednesdays we wear pink…. and Miu Miu. Kept the pink theme going for day two in this Attico number. After the incredible Valentino show. A little side eye and Diorshow On Stage Liner before the Louis Vuitton show. Still obsessing over this Louis Vuitton jacket. En route to one of my favorite shows of the season, Dior Men. The brilliant Kim Jones and I after the Dior Men Spring 2020 show. I went with a subtle gold eye using the new Dior Backstage Glow Face Palette. After the sublime Dior Men show. This Wednesday, July 3rd, LOEWE is releasing the newest edition of their hardcover publication starring Chinese supermodel Fei Fei Sun. The new Women's Fall/Winter 2019 Publication features Sun photographed in Paris' Maison de l'UNESCO, in looks from the collection, styled by Benjamin Bruno. The photographs show her playfully engaging in a serene ‘living’ still life, posing with exotic floral arrangements by house florist Amy Humphrey, and joined by photographer Fumiko Imano and her digital doppelgänger. Imano is a London, Paris, and Hitachi-based artist and photographer is known for her signature cut & paste collage self-portraits, which depict her in double with an “imaginary twin.” The photos are whimsical yet elegant, understated not oversaturated. The wardrobe sticks to subtle blacks and whites, but the real exploration lies in texture and material, with Sun enveloped in a black headscarf, a pearl-encrusted jacket, and a shimmery metallic midi skirt. The Fall 2019 collection emphasizes a strong silhouette, which Sun epitomizes in bold cat-eye and neutral lip. Humphrey's floral arrangements add organic spontaneity to the sleek white backdrop. LOEWE has been documenting its collections in limited-edition hardcover publications since 2014, under the creative direction of Jonathan Anderson.  "We are designers and artists. We are entrepreneurs and creators. We are women, and men, and anything in between. We are LGBTQIA+, we are of every race, and background, and beliefs. Plus, we're funny. Hilarious, in fact. Super, super funny. ´Cause on this island there´s more fun than inhabitants." Defying all odds, Clandestina is Cuba's first-ever independent fashion brand. Established in 2015, the Havana-based collective of mainly female artists and creators produce 99% pure Cuban design. Creating whatever and whenever they can, the team has a store/studio in Havana and is now available globally via an online shop. Clandestina is huge when it comes to female leadership. However, even though the founders are women, and there have always been more women than men involved in the project, Clandestina is gender-neutral. Ideas, energy, creativity, and design are what matters, and those things don’t have gender! Believing in a more sustainable, fair, and ethical fashion industry, Clandestina reuses and repurposes clothing and many other materials opting for upcycling and zero waste. This brand is doing good on so many fronts. The creative artists and designers behind the brand are inspiring and have a lot to say about this groundbreaking endeavor.  How does the LGBTQIA+ community inspire you all? Havana is a very liberal city. The Cubans in general very much enjoy life! Which includes dancing having sex and of course food; everything that makes life good. The youngest generation in Cuba is all about open relations and non-gender approaches. And Clandestina is a part of that new generation vibe and vision. So naturally, we are about non-gender approaches, free love, and support all kinds of emotional relations and love. And all kinds of genders or non-gender… it does not matter.   Did you work on any exciting projects for Pride?  (Idania) designed a special poster to celebrate Pride in Cuba. It is very colorful with a delicate flower rising from the ground and shining like a sun. The flower represents Cuban lesbians, delicate but very strong too. Also, we have a collaboration with TomboyX, a Seattle based underwear brand, which is super focused on the LGBTQIA+ community. We designed a special t-shirt for them with a graphic that says: Resistir &amp; Fight on.   How do you define your company community? We are kind of family with a very different range of expectations, backgrounds, and ways of living: from LGBTQIA+ activists to a very Cuban macho raise in a very macho family. But our principals at Clandestina all stem from this community we built where all people are fully respected. It does not matter if someone is blue or green if she/he is coming from the moon. We are trying to build a new Cuba in a real-time, where everybody can find a place to stay and to be active in building their own way of living.   Are there any goals you are striving for? To bring Cuban design to a global stage, and keep the brand values even when we are scaling our production.   What messages do you hope to give to your customers and supporters?  Be in love. Have sex and enjoy life. It does not matter with who and when. Just feel free to do whatever you want that makes you happy.   How would you describe the styles you embody in your products?  We are very coherent with the Cuban way of life. We upcycle out of necessity because in Cuba if you want to be trendy you have to customize and repurpose your wardrobe all the time. There are no stores where you can buy new stuff. So is a lot of DIY. We love this concept and most of our products are inspired in this idea of resiliency and resourcefulness. Also, we use a lot of colors to create a kind of tropical streetwear that has a sense of humor, good vibes, and energy…   How do you mix traditional Cuban culture with your products?  We are the heirs of a very intense legacy; a mix of revolutionary concepts, socialism, glamorous days past, sugar cane, music, and Caribbean vibe. It’s a very contradictory legacy. We mostly use our graphics to express these contradictions. Resistir y vencer, Y sin embargo te quiero. Bananas, Mangos, Russian cars…   If you could describe Clandestina in a mood/vibe what would it be? Unstoppable/Never give up but with a sense of humor and good vibe.   Did the lack of contemporary fashion and brand availability present in Cuba inspire Clandestina to go global? Cuba is going global. There are many Cubans around the world, contributing in a very different way to a global community. We are not an insulated island anymore. The new Cuba is not just a geographical country. We are part of the world, so we are global. And we want to be on a global stage.   Please tell us about your intentions behind eco-friendly clothing? We are a brand born in a country where the socialist legacy is immense. The socialist countries have very good things and very bad things. We think about the market in terms of covering human needs, not covering the market itself needs. So, we produce what we know our community needs, in a very eco and zero waste way.   How did you get involved with eco-friendly manufacturing practices? Out of necessity, is how the thing is done in Cuba.   Now that you’ve achieved a global platform, do you have further goals for your brand? Yes, to put the Cuban design on a global stage!   Now that you’ve opened an online store, do you think you’ll expand to more physical locations overseas? Not yet. We are trying to think differently, most of the time testing and trying to adapt ourselves to the needs of our brand, thinking in terms of collections, and production. We are very much thinking about our core values and defending them.   Where do you see Clandestina in 10 years? In a more and more open Cuba, with a huge community following the brand and consuming very cool designs made by Cuban designers; more and more global. A cool eco-brand that keeps the values of the brand.   How long have you been working on creating a global web platform and what did that entail? We opened in 2017. Since then we’ve been learning a lot about digital marketing in a country with very restricted access to the Internet. This is a contradiction that sometimes gives you a new way of thinking. We are selling unique pieces online. This work is quite difficult because is not easy to scale. It is so dedicated. You need to spend a lot of time and effort on each piece. Not only on designing and producing, but also on photographing, correction, etc. And we are selling at a very affordable price. It's not something everyone would get into because there is a lot of work. But we do. And we very much love to do it.   Assuming you faced many challenges due to the US embargo, how did you surpass this?  Sense of humor, never giving up, a bunch of HOPE and believing in our brand.   Since Clandestina is transcending geographical boundaries by uniting Cuba with countries through arts and fashion utilizing web 2.0 platforms, how do you think this will impact Cuban international relations?  In a very simple way: Actually, we can!!! Roger Vivier's Fall 2019 collection is next level. Susan Sarandon and Anna Sophia Robb star in Gherardo Felloni’s recreation of Italian director Antonio Pietrangeli’s 1965 cult film Io La Conoscevo Bene. The short film follows a young, aspiring actress who moves from the country to the big city to chase her dreams of stardom, which produces a dramatically animated backdrop for the collection.  The story unravels at a breathtaking mansion deep in the heart of upstate New York. Susan Sarandon is exuberant and fun, with a passion for theatrics, obsession for shoes, and a love for her trusty pup Tuna. Academy award winner, Sarandon, prepares to teach her acting class to eager and talented young students from far and wide.  AnnaSophia Robb steps on the scene as a student acting prodigy determined to learn from the best. Dressed to Impress from head to toe, Robb arrives at the mansion, in embellished Très Vivier boots, the buckle polished to a perfect shine, and her matching Beau Vivier bag. Inside the massive manor, she joins her peers, a stunning and eclectic mix of characters, boasting sensible yet stylish footwear.  A wide range of stunning footwear is present in the campaign from Viv’ Utility boots or Viv’ Run snow booties that keep off the cold from the snow-covered landscape to dainty and ladylike for others who prefer the classics, wearing Très Vivier block-heel pumps. Viv’ Run sneakers, Belty Viv’ bags and Broche Vivier bracelets with sparkling buckles made sophisticated meets street appearances. Drama teacher extraordinaire Susan Sarandon guides her class through each lesson: laughter, speech, accents, and fashion. With each specific masterclass in polished dressing, Roger Vivier’s magnificent footwear made spotlight debuts that capture the screen. AnnaSophia is the star among her stylist peers as she exemplifies effortless fashion by creating looks and combining accessories. “Because ultimately, superstars deserve their jewels—and at Roger Vivier, shoes can be jewels and the jewels are the shoes.” Persol celebrates the launch of their 2019 Campaign with a lavish dinner party on June 25. The Italian word Persol itself translates to “for the sun” in English, which the brand playfully uses in the title of their campaign “For the sun. Not only.” With this launch, Persol presents the brand’s latest collection that intends to capture life’s simplest pleasure in exceptional style. Committed to creating quality Italian designs since 1917, Persol strives to integrate tradition and authenticity into the beauty of everyday life with these frames. The classic 649 model is completely revamped with updated double-layer acetates with polar lenses in brand new colorways. The brand’s classic havana tones blend with new superimposed patterns on the frames, while highlighting the iconic Persol arrow in this new style. The brand brings back the iconic 80s style PO3225S, sported by Tom Cruise in the 1988 film Cocktail. This eclectic frame features a clean-cut look that enhances their contemporary impression and pairs well with a variety of colors and styles. Persol also debuts the oval-framed PO3219V style that provides an aura of vintage elegance and a '30s-inspired aesthetic. The frame rests comfortably on the bridge of the nose with a carefully constructed design meant to fit you perfectly.  The intimate dinner and launch celebration took place at the Gramercy Park Hotel Terrace, where food and drinks gave way to a new era of the brand’s latest designs. DJ Brendan Fallis provided music for the occasion, and notable guests among actors, musicians, models, artists, and press included Gabriel Kane Day-Lewis, Leyna Bloom, Jeremy McCain, Hailey Gates, Zsela Thompson, Jessica Joffe, and Sean O’Pry. This momentous occasion exquisitely unveiled Persol’s new campaign, which proves to be traditionally-inspired and fashion forward. We can't stop talking about Zendaya. Whether she's losing her slipper at the Met Gala, going viral as a meme, or starring in the trigger-happy new drama  series Euphoria, Zendaya is always on the tip of everyone's tongue. Which makes her most recent outing in the Big Apple all the more juicy. The young starlet was caught in a sunny orange ensemble, her Caroline Herrera dress accented with a billowy bow and Herrera pearl drop earrings. She completed the creamsicle vibes with white Louboutin pumps, because red bottoms go with everything.  The paparazzi nabbed a shot while Zendaya was on her way to The Late Show With Stephen Colbert, promoting the first season of Euphoria, in which she plays Rue, an unreliable narrator and drug addict on the heels of rehab. Although the subject material may be dark, Zendaya's latest outfit proves she knows how to keep things light and summery.  This Tuesday, June 25, Bvlgari unveiled its newest exhibition at Castel Sant’Angelo and Palazzo Venezia, a retrospective following the evolution of the house from a modest factory to a global brand. The exhibition, in collaboration with Polo Museale del Lazio, directed by Edith Gabrielli, and curated by business historian Chiara Ottaviano, features over 170 jewels and 80 custom dresses from the private collection of Cecilia Matteucci Lavarini. The pieces offer a rich contextual backdrop to Italian fashion and culture from period to period. Beyond the jewels, archival photographs, vintage footage, historical perspective and society pages round out the portrait of Bvlgari’s storied history.  Bvlgari has been a leading luxury brand ever since Sotirio Bulgari arrived in Rome in the late 19th century. At the launch, heads of the historic house, including CEO Jean-Christophe Babin, gave a press conference. Carey Mulligan, Daniel Lismore, and Carlota Bulgari were among those in attendance on opening night, receiving a full tour of the exhibition and enjoying a cocktail party complete with fireworks that evening. The exhibition is on view now through November 3. View images from the exhibition here: Power duo Emma Roberts and Amanda Seyfried star in FENDI’s new #BaguetteFriendsForever film, embarking on a quest to uncover the iconic FENDI Baguette bag while discovering the authenticity of friendship. This new short film comes after the launch of FENDI’s #BaguetteFriendsForever Series, a set of short films that tell three unique stories of inseparable pairs on the hunt for the Baguette bag.  The film takes place inside FENDI’s Flagship store on New York’s Madison Avenue, where a spectacular Baguette party was held during fashion week in February 2019. Throughout the film, the real-life friends share an amusing experience in the whimsical world of FENDI where they play with the boundaries between reality and fantasy. The FENDI Baguette Dream Room installation, a mirrored room lined with vintage and new-style Baguette handbags, beautifully sets the scene for a whimsical world where the two friends grow fonder and uncover the elegance of the Baguette bag. The effective usage of hypnotic reflections, blurred images, and colorful arrays of light successfully creates the magical atmosphere of the FENDI Baguette world.  After working on the project with good friend Amanda, Emma told FENDI, “Any time you can mix work and friendship, it’s a win.” Their friendship becomes evident on screen as the two naturally bounce off each other’s energy throughout the film. Amanda responded saying, “I love working with women I respect and connect to. It feels powerful and fun.” The new episode features English DJ, musician, and record producer, Fatboy Slim’s “Praise You”, which underscores the inseparable bond the two friends have.  In a recent launch “15 years in the making,” Kim Kardashian West has finally announced her brand of shapewear, controversially titled “Kimono Solutionwear” Accompanied with the launch, Kardashian West has sought trademarks for “Kimono Body,” “Kimono Solutionwear,” “Kimono World,” and “Kimono Intimates.” The decision has been met with ire from Japanese and Japanese American critics and fans, who see the wordplay as yet another example of Kim’s aptitude for cultural appropriation.  Although “kimono” in Japanese means “something to wear,” the phrase is most often used to refer to traditional formalwear, primarily worn by women at weddings or special occasions. This is hardly the first time the ornate Japanese dress has been co-opted by Western fashion, but the trademark move seems especially exploitative for those who don’t want the traditional clothing associated with the brand.  “As a Japanese person and a Kimono lover, I'm so sad that many people think about underwear when they see the word ‘Kimono,’” Twitter user @yagami_rinn tweeted at Kardashian West. “Kimono is really special dress for us. Please think about it once again.” While the name “Kimono” comes with its own problems, the term “Solutionwear” also draws into question what issues about one’s body actually need to be solved. The term “shapewear,” is more neutrally descriptive, but “Solutionwear” has other implications. "Solutionwear" suggests our female bodies are PROBLEMS needing correction,” author and lawyer Lisa Bloom tweeted. “Hell no! Also aren't there some studies about how squishing us into these confining casings causes medical problems?”  In retaliation, some have suggested the brand be called “Kim Oh No!” instead. You may not know the name, but you certainly know the design. Ric Drasin is the man behind the iconic Gold’s Gym illustration, a motif that helped to define what many call ‘The Golden Era of Bodybuilding’. Think Schwarzenegger, Muscle Beach, ripped bodies adorned with various colorful tee’s and tanks. Now, he’s back and collaborating with Y, IWO (pronounced yee-woah) – A.K.A. Yeah, I Work Out. Y, IWO is a brand that, in their own perfectly said words, “takes you back to a time when workouts were serious, results were legendary, and livin’ was easy”. In sum, the clothes are lo-fi, hi-quality, and non-technical apparel, a range that is welcome today in our modern athleisure world’. Fresh on the heels of their collaboration Drasin answered a few questions exclusively for L’OFFICIEL USA. How did the collaboration between you and the Y, IWO team come about? I’ve known Jason Thome for many years and he contacted me regarding bringing back some of my bodybuilding designs from the 1970’s and 1980’s. I’ve always wanted to do this and I felt that this was a great opportunity to do so as I have many designs. What do you want people to take away from the collaboration? What do you want people to feel when they wear the clothes? I want them to feel unique, nostalgic and that they have a design that will be a collector’s item someday. For this assortment, you went back into the archives and chose three drawings. Can you tell me why, out of all the drawings you’ve done, you settled on these three for the collaboration? There were a whole lot more but Jason felt that this was a good place to start. There are many more that I would like to add as time goes on as well as introducing clothing styles like jackets and pants. You were a pioneer of what can be described as ‘the golden era of bodybuilding’. Now with Instagram in full effect, do you feel as if we’re having a resurgence? Totally, as through my show, Ric's Corner 34million viewers, I get stopped by people all over who watch and emails from those who want me to bring that era back. The best way is through the show and clothing. You designed the iconic Gold’s Gym logo for your buddy Joe Gold. Did you ever expect it to become what it is synonymous with today? Wow, I did it on a napkin in Zucky's Deli and had no idea the power it would have. It was amazing to me. When it comes to clothes to work out in, I’d love to know your thoughts on the word ‘athleisure’ – not at all saying that Y, IWO is that. To me workout clothes are my leisure wear and they can look somewhat dressy at times so I feel comfortable with that term.   The collection will be available at Dover Street Market stores around the world and launched June 14 with a special installation and party at the LA store. Y, IWO  Rihanna just shot a lookbook for her newest limited edition FENTY collection Release 6-19, and this one definitely appeals to the good girls gone bad. Showcasing internationally-inspired vacation clothing and accessories, Release 6-19 will be available in two separate installments starting June 19, 2019. The latest drop, rendered in light textiles and intended for escape, snatches your attention with bold colors and striking prints that will make you do a double-take. FENTY’s newest collection of decorative dresses unleashes a confident and fearless side of FENTY using satin, knit, and jersey fabric with asymmetrical and cinched detailing to hug the body tight. The silhouettes flaunt freedom and underscore the female form with elegance. Taking inspiration from around the world, Release 6-19 includes dragon prints inspired by Japanese paintings coupled with warm gradient colors meant to mimic a sunset by the beach. Rihanna refines the Maison’s aesthetic with pearl-embellished belly chains, twisted renditions of bangles, beaded earrings, and other contemporary accessories that compliment the sharply constructed dresses. Eyewear, a vital element of the Maison, is once again featured in the Release with two new styles: The Techno Mask and the Centerfold. The Techno Mask takes a unique shape that almost shields the entire face and comes in a variety of colors ranging from warm gradients to smoky black. The Centerfold, which will be available in July, comes in three hues and holds a futuristic, laser-cut form that easily collapses allowing for a foldable transformation. Rihanna updates FENTY’s footwear as well, introducing new colors and a new shape available with this Release. Canary yellow, hot pink and various other hues adorned in strass crystals join the collection of colors available for FENTY’s acute silhouettes. As for the shape, Rihanna debuts the T-Heel as a sensually strapped sandal that’s ready for any occasion. FENTY Release 6-19 will be available online starting June 19, 2019, at FENTY.com and at a special New York City pop-up at The Webster from June 19 to June 30, 2019. Photography by Russell James Fashion by Sean Knight Unless you’ve been living under a rock for the last decade, you know who our newest cover girl Kendall Jenner is. The second youngest daughter of media mogul and momager extraordinaire Kris Jenner, Kendall first rose to fame on her family’s reality television show Keeping Up with the Kardashians. In the earlier seasons, Kendall and younger sister Kylie played secondary roles, overshadowed by their three older half-sisters. It didn’t take long, however, for the Jenner sisters to become full-fledged celebrities in their own right. While her sisters have taken the cosmetics and reality tv industries by storm, Kendall, with her legs that just might never actually end, has struck out on her own into the world of modeling, where she has quickly risen to prominence. Actually, she’s completely taken over. What started as photo shoots for brands like Forever 21 and spreads in Teen Vogue has quickly led to full-fledged supermodel stardom. In 2015, Kendall realized her dream of becoming a Victoria’s Secret Angel, walking in back-to-back Victoria’s Secret Fashion Shows in 2015 and 2016. She returned to the VS stage last year after taking a year off due to conflicts. She’s also walked in shows for Chanel, Fendi, Marc Jacobs, Versace, Bottega Veneta, Balmain… just to name a few. The older Jenner sister has also snagged contracts with Estée Lauder, Adidas, and Calvin Klein, among others. Since 2017, Kendall has held the title of the highest paid model in the world, and, according to Forbes, raked in over $22 million dollars last year. It seems there's no fashion mountain this woman can’t summit. So, you know who Kendall is, but did you know that the photographer of our cover shoot, the iconic Russell James, and miss Jenner go way, way back to the earliest days of her modeling career? L’Officiel USA Editor-in-Chief Joseph Akel spoke with the famed fashion photographer about how he first came to work with our newest cover girl, the relationship he and Kendall have formed over the years, and the future of modeling in the age of Instagram influencers. Check out Russell's drop-dead gorgeous photos of Kendall below, and, while you're there, read what he had to say. JOSEPH AKEL: You and Kendall have worked closely together for a few years now. What’s the origin story there? What was your first impression of Kendall? RUSSELL JAMES: I first met her when she was 17. Her mother had reached out, as mothers should, and said, “My daughter, she wants to be a model. All she wants to do is be a model, and I was thinking was: ‘who’s the right photographer who could give her the right opinions?’ and there was Russell James” She said she noticed that I work with a lot of people, but also Victoria’s Secret. The first meeting I had was with Kendall and Kris. Kendall is a very quiet person in real life. I had never seen [Keeping Up with The Kardashians] so I had nothing to compare her to. She said, “I want to be a model,” and I said, “Well I want to be an astronaut, what credentials do you have to be a model?” I didn’t mean it in a negative way, I just wanted to see what she thought. She said “Well, do you think I could model?” and I said “Well, genetically, I think you absolutely could. You look absolutely fantastic, but there’s a lot more to it than that. You could do all the right things and still not be accepted as a model. It’s a very difficult industry; I advise you to be very careful about it. You are also in a very unique position where you already have a brand; whether you care to acknowledge it. It’s a lot harder to rebrand than it is to brand.” So, what was my first impression of Kendall? It was, “sweet kid, unique circumstances in which she already has this enormous brand.” She didn’t say much to me, but she had 20 million followers at that time, which is astonishing. And she clearly had a true passion to be a model. She just said to me, “this is my dream.” JA: Did you think that she was going to reach the level that she has? There’s no arguing that she’s now one of the biggest models of her generation. Were you able to see that possibility then? RJ: You know, I meet people in my career where I think, “if everything goes perfectly, then they have a shot at the title,” as I call it. There are some girls who I know where they should have had a shot and they didn’t. I certainly looked at Kendall and thought, “well this could damn work.” All I could do at that time is to try and make sure to offer guidance and support because anyone bad move can rule someone out. It can disqualify you. So, my goal, my take on it, was to think how can I give her advice from what I know—because let’s say my advice necessarily isn’t the best advice—that would give her the best opportunity? For example, discussing the relationship to her brand in our meeting, I said we have to take [her move to modeling] to an almost anonymous level.  Kendall had said she loved doing philanthropic work, so I said let’s go do some projects based on that, we’ll take some pictures for pictures’ sake and not for any commercial concern. We went to Australia met with some aboriginal girls in the Outback. Kendall did a small Miss Vogue cover, which was an online-only young version of Vogue in Australia. To Kendall’s credit, she never questioned a thing we did. She was like, “if this is what you say I should do, I’m going to do it.” We also started to talk about agents and the importance of getting the right one—there are only a few agents who can possibly sustain managing a “supermodel.” When I say a few, you can count them on one hand… actually, I can chop two of my fingers off and still count them on one hand. So, we decided it’s not about faking it. It’s about talking to one of these agents to see if they’d think about taking on Kendall. It’s not about walking in and saying, “Hey, I’m a famous person, take me and make me a model.” These agents understand fame is only going to go so far. To be a real model it takes a whole lot of other things to happen. JA: Since this time, you’ve obviously gone on to collaborate with Kendall in many other publications. How have you seen her grow during that time, both as a model and in terms of her fame? RJ: In the beginning, of course, we did a lot of shoots together. I told Kendall from the beginning, we’ll know that it’s working when other big-name photographers are calling and asking for you. In regard to how she’s handled her fame, I’ve watched her and, again, it’s unique. It’s hard to describe. If you measure it from a social perspective, she’s gone from 20 million to a hundred million followers, which is unbelievable. But also, her discipline as a model has grown. She’s developed a tremendous amount of discipline. I think she’s now found a brilliant balance where she’s really committed to being a model. In the beginning, I’d say the issues I found with Kendall were unusual to any other model that I’ve worked with. One of the most critical points of any given model is the ability to connect with the camera, to literally connect with the camera and make it feel to the viewer that that person is looking at you. With Kendall, I couldn’t quite describe it in the first shoots, I was like, “Can you please do this,” “Can you please do that.” She was very present, but there was almost a delay. We discussed it afterward. I was like, “You know, I think, and this is a guess because you’ve grown up with cameras in your face your whole life, that you have almost a veneer. As soon as the camera’s out, where other people become more personal, you potentially do the opposite. You look but you’re just not willing to share yourself with the lens because you’ve safeguarded yourself.” It’s the opposite problem that I normally experience, and we had to talk about it and do a lot of work to talk about how you connect with the camera. And how she’s handled the fame, to me, has been incredible. I’ve seen her put under intense pressure, I’ve seen her criticized like, “oh, you’re a model because you’re a famous person.” It’s actually the opposite. Her fame was one of the greatest things she’s had to overcome. She got all of her castings as a completely anonymous person. She just went as “K” or “Kenny” with no makeup. She basically got picked to do shows by big designers who didn’t know they were hiring “Kendall Jenner.” JA: How do you think social media has changed the modeling industry? RJ: Well, I don’t just think social media has changed the modeling industry, I think it has changed every aspect of the world. But, it’s changed modeling from a couple of points of view. There’s this word “influencer” which everyone hears, and it’s overused. People say, “I’m going to hire an influencer instead of a model.” I’m like, well, interestingly models have a big following because they’re the ultimate influencers. Not only are they influencing, but they’re also representing. I’ve seen the big agencies really scrambling to interpret and understand the importance of social media, and I’d say the biggest question they’re riding is if they should take a person as a model because they have a big following, and then make them a model, or do they need to start with a model? My opinion is it starts with being a model, and then you develop the social voice. Then [social media] may become your biggest revenue stream and your biggest voice, but it doesn’t necessarily have to be. It’s got to start with the real thing: the model. JA: If you could put into words what the special something is that makes a “top model,” what would that be? Are you able to articulate what that something special is, and how you know when a model has it? Is there a universal quality across the board that all of these models possess? RJ: To be a complete cliché, I do think the “it factor” is everything. I also think it’s a gut call you have to make. For me, when I first met Kendall, that quality hit. Conversely, sometimes I’m taking photos of someone and I think they’re interesting, but when I meet them it can sometimes be like, “oh no, I don’t actually like this person very much.” Then, sometimes you meet someone you’re absolutely drawn to. It can be their features, because they’re just the most absolutely beautiful person in that category of person, or sometimes they’re unlike any person you’ve ever seen before. In this industry, I often hear a girl say, “You could be the next Cindy Crawford.” No, there’s already been a Cindy. The amazing thing about every supermodel is that there is no one to compare them to. I can’t tell you who’s the likes of Kendall. All of the supermodels, all of the models that sort of rule, while I think they have their unique qualities, you really know it when you’re in their presence of it. That is universal. As a photographer, it’s about interpreting that on a camera. And that can be hard. There are also times where you find someone that’s so magnetic and charismatic and you can’t find a way to translate that through photography. Those people can go on to have amazing TV careers or film careers, but in the modeling world, it has to translate in photography, primarily. JA: Is there one aspect of the modeling industry that you’ve seen change? Do you feel like it’s an exciting time to be a model now? RJ: It’s a really exciting time to be a model, and it’s a really exciting time to be a photographer. The question of diversity has been an interesting one because that’s where the big momentum has been gained. It’s not like the people weren’t out there before, it’s what’s become commercially acceptable. Before, if you shot a lot of diverse people for a magazine story, you wouldn’t know which ones they’d publish. I think now the choice of what to publish is very different. Suddenly, the door is wide open. It’s an incredible time. There’s still a hell of a long way to go, though, and a lot of room for interpretation around what “diverse” means to different people. To me, we’re seeing what was previously considered extremities of the industry as part of the norm. I think it’s going to get broader and wider. JA: Give us a sense of the upcoming projects you have in the year ahead. RJ: Obviously, I’ve been working on a lot of photography projects. I can’t say much, but I just finished shooting a campaign for the brand FILA in the mountains. I’ve been shooting Vogue covers. I’ve been involved with this fragrance brand founded on the basis of using raw ingredients. As I travel the world, I’ve met these people with incredible raw ingredients living in remote communities, mostly people in different cultures like aboriginal people and Native American people, and I’ve been able to introduce those ingredients into the fashion industry. I clearly know nothing about fragrance, I just was able to connect the dots, which is something I love to do. I’m currently involved with Hugh Jackman’s arena tour that’s just about to go through the US, to places like Madison Square Garden and the Rose Bowl. In that show, I have a small segment where I film in the Outback of Australia. Part of that includes aboriginal performances that I feel incredibly proud to see blasted out every night in front of an audience of 15,000 people. I also have fine art exhibitions. This year I did Rock Angels Limited Edition. The exhibition was put together and opened in Berlin last month. I’m anticipating it back in the U.S. next year. It’s been fun to see Angels on tour.   JA: So, you’re going nonstop, my friend? RJ: It may sound like it, but I’m sitting comfortably on my porch while doing this interview, so not that nonstop. Credits MAKEUP: MARY PHILLIPS HAIR: TEDDY CHARLES (THE WALL GROUP) MANICURE: LILYANN NGUYEN PRODUCTION: FRANKIE PRODUCTIONS LA DIGITAL TECHNICIAN: DANIEL GOLDWASSER PHOTO ASSISTANTS: AARON LIPPMAN, GREGORY BROUILLETTE, BUMMY KOEPENICK STYLIST ASSISTANTS: BIN X. NGUYEN AND MARK SALDANA LOCATION: SMASHBOX STUDIOS LA RETOUCHING: GRIFFIN EDITIONS CATERING: LOVE CATERING It’s looking like Gucci will be summering in Montauk, New York this year. Calling the east coast home for a three-week pop up destination, Gucci will be hosted by coveted ‘insiders’ vintage shop and globally recognized local Montauk Outpost, Melet Mercantile. This collaboration aims to celebrate a mutual love for uniting communities by transcending decades, cultures, and values. In the spirit of summer Gucci x Melet Mercantile brings a new and unexpected experience to the east coast, that would not be possible without the support of icon Bob Melet and the Montauk fixture. Melet Mercantile Montauk Outpost is a quintessential destination for locals to get their hands on exceptionally rare vintage finds from art prints to vinyl records to books that are carefully sourced from the corners of the world by founder Bob Melet himself. Montauk’s laid-back surf culture will take a walk on Gucci’s whimsical wild side. The Gucci x Melet Mercantile pop up will feature a highly-curated selection of Gucci merchandise highlighting the Towards Summer collection, as well as a medley of vintage goods from Bob’s personal collection. Together these elements will create a sense of intrigue and curiosity that animates the unique space. Utilizing materials such as straw matt, wicker, and canvas, this playful selection encompasses a large range of categories including women’s and men’s ready-to-wear, handbags, accessories, shoes, jewelry, childrenswear and more, the Towards Summer collection spotlights effortless warm-weather dressing.  The distinct store concept and visual treatment were designed exclusively for the Montauk space. Dusty Blue walls and fixtures adorned with Melet’s signature wall-mounted fish and vintage skateboards are complemented by ornate clothing rails and floral prints from Gucci’s PreFall 2019 collection.  Furthermore, Gucci will support a slew of local restaurants including John’s Drive-In and Morty’s Oyster Stand, to offer an array of treats to make the shopping experience that much more tantalizing as well as contributing to organizations such as A Walk On Water, Concerned Citizens of Montauk, and the Montauk Playhouse Community Center Foundation.  Gucci x Melet Mercantile will be open from July 3 – July 28, 11am – 6pm daily. It is located at 102 Industrial Road in Montauk, New York as the Montauk community welcomes their guest of honor, Gucci, with open arms to Gucci x Melet Mercantile summer 2019. While Palm Angels Francesco Ragazzi doesn't particularly like the label of rebel, his second collection with Moncler proves that he is work is rooted in disruption. Launching three separate events in London, New York, and Milan, Ragazzi debuted his ‘Art Breaking’ collection. Moncler Genius debuted last year bringing together some of fashion’s most unique voices including Craig Green and Simone Rocha to utilize their vision and experiment with the codes of the house. For Ragazzi’s second 8 Moncler collection, the designer looked to vandalism as its root. The collection began with a photograph of a vandalized Jeff Koons gallery. The lines between street art, and “high art” were blurred. The red Palm Angels graffiti text on top of the classic black Moncler puffers and vest have the same energy of the isolated graffiti over Koon’s retrospective at the Whitney. Ragazzi, of course, was also heavily inspired by the now iconic ‘self destruct’ Banksy piece sold at Sotheby’s for $1.4 million dollars. “Moncler for me is about the simplicity of a product that comes to life in many forms. I wanted to have the form broken”, Ragazzi expressed when asked about the collection. The Soho event, on June 6th, brought together Kevin Frost, Selah Marley, Jazzelle Zanaughtti to experience the graffitied store space. The drop is filled with Insta ready technicolor crossbody bags and wallets,  signature Palm Angels streetwear infused with signature Moncler fabrics as well as Knitwear and some incredible coats to get you excited for winter. We spoke to Ragazzi on his inspiration, what Moncler means to him, and his favorite parts of designing a collection. ABRAHAM MARTINEZ: So tell me a little bit about this collection. It looks like it's very much inspired by a city, is it New York or is it just any global city? FRANCESCO RAGAZZI: I definitely can start from New York because the idea comes from this exhibition of Jeff Koons that was vandalized.   AM: Did you see the Banksy painting when it went for auction and then it was destroyed? FR: I definitely had that in the mood board.   AM: What about the collection are you most proud of? Is it the colors? The materials? FR: I mean it's the variety—it's not just merchandise. There are very different pieces from knitwear, to belts, accessories to shoes, eyewear; it's more complete.   AM: What do you love most about your job? FR: Creating. To have an idea, but ultimately, creating. Making it happen [is] the most important thing.   AM: And when you see someone on the street wearing Palm Angels, how do you react to that? FR: It's crazy for me when I go out,  I don't know [for example] in Asia or even here in New York and seeing people wearing this stuff it has such a big effect [on me], in only four years.   AM: Totally. What was your favorite part about collaborating with a brand like Moncler? FR: Playing with the DNA. They have such a strong DNA like Moncler and the craftsmanship and wow that's very interesting.   AM: What would you say the most fun part is about designing a collection? FR: Definitely the starting point when you need to have an idea but also when you present it like the show is one of my most favorite things.   AM: What do you hope to share with the world as in terms of the relationship between art and the vandalism aspect of it? FR:  The rebelliousness, the fact that the art is so pure in a way and [when] it gets vandalized with other art that is graffiti.   AM: Do you consider yourself a rebel? FR: I don't like the word but yes. I have no rules.  Shop the entire collection here. The Godmother of Ghetto Fabulosity, Kimora Lee Simmons Leissener has blessed us with the return of Baby Phat. This March on International Women’s Day, Leissener announce that she had reaquirred Baby Phat and it would be returning, and after much anticipation the label returned first as a collaboration with Forever 21. The full Baby Phat launch will come this September. Before diversity was commonplace in fashion, Leissener was bringing women of all shades to the runway. The business once valued at a billion dollars through sales was a celebration of urban beauty that was initially shunned by high fashion. That infamous picture of Cam’ron in the pastel pink plush headband and hoodie were Baby Phat. Attracting the likes of Aaliyah, Tyra Banks, Mary J Blige, to be frank the entire hip hop community, Baby Phat was thee label to be sporting. Phat Farms was launched by Russel Simmons in 1992 and launched Baby Phat with then wife Kimora in 1998. Leissener was the Creative Director of Baby Phat from 2000-2010. Her role was well documented on her iconic reality show Kimora: Life In the Fab Lane where we got to watch the model and mogul balance running a fashion empire and motherhood. With fragrances with Coty and the iconic Motorola flip phone her influence was widespread and she was incredibly ahead of her time. Leissener made the idea of working in fashion as a person of color, in the realm of possibility with her show. Phat Farms was sold in 2004 to Kellwood for $140 million dollars, and in 2010 Leissener announced that she was stepping down from her position (not by choice). In the promotional video Leissener rollerblades with her two daughters, Ming and Aoiki and the Combs Twins whose mother and Leissener’s best friend Kim Porter tragically passed away last year. The drop has everything original Baby Phat stans would want: halter bedazzeld crop tops, graphic sweaters, and leopard print everything. The collection comes in straight and plus sizing, Leissener wants to cater to all women, period. The collection ranges from $15-25; you can shop the range here. Robyn Rihanna Fenty has taken the world by storm in beauty (Fenty Beauty) and lingerie (Savage X Fenty) alike. Now she adds the luxury house FENTY (womenswear) under LVMH to her impressive repertoire. Previously, the womenswear line had only launched in Paris, however, on June 19th FENTY will be available on FENTY.com and at The Webster in New York's SoHo.    "I am so proud and honored that Rihanna and her team chose to launch the new FENTY release with The Webster SoHo. She has an incredible personality and style and is the true epitome of a powerful woman,” explains Laure Heriard-Dubreuil, founder and creative director of The Webster. “Combining the ambiance of the ultimate walk-in closet with customized furnishings and contemporary art,” The Webster possesses a uniquely curated shopping experience spanning womenswear, menswear, childrenswear, and home decor, within a luxurious, intimate, warm setting. Frankly, cannot wait to see how the site showcases FENTY! The highly anticipated clothing line features a medley of ready-to-wear, footwear, accessories, and more ranging from $200 to $1,500. Pastels and neutrals adorn the FENTY models who, dressed in oversized pieces, flood the official campaign video below. "I love a corset. We put a corset in a suit, a dress, a shirt, a denim jacket, and a T-shirt dress," as these are a clear repeating element seen throughout the line. The Webster’s fifth and newest multi brand luxury boutique will dedicate two of it’s six floors to FENTY. The SoHo pop up will be live from June 19 to the 30th at the iconic site that has previously hosted history’s most exclusive luxury brands such as Chanel, Balenciaga, FENDI, Celine, and Gucci. Earning a spot in The Webster deems clear fashion royalty, so call Rihanna the queen as she is crowned "the first woman to create an original luxury brand at LVMH, the first woman of color at the top of an LVMH maison, and her line will be the first new house created by the group since Christian LaCroix in 1987."   Succeeding the major triumphs of the J’Adior slingback shoe, inaugurated by Maria Grazia Chiuri in her debut collection for Dior, J’Adior is proud to announce a new addition to the family. Today, June 12th The J’Adior Savoir-Faire pumps go live on Dior.com and across boutiques globally.  The brand new model features the celebrated Christian “J’Adior” embroidered ribbon gracing the circumference of the rim, situated upon various bodies offered. The pump is available in 3 different heights (10cm, 6.5cm and 1cm) thus exuding versatility.    The J’adior Savoir-Faire pumps are sure to be a quintessential classic in any wardrobe for daywear or eveningwear.  Kanye West newly debuted his fashion incubator program that seeks to provide young creatives in the fashion realm with a financial assistance platform. Maisie Schloss, a Chicago-born, recent Parsons graduate, exemplifies the first case of what West’s program can do in the form of her fall ready to wear line, Maisie Wilen (taking her mother's surname). Schloss was introduced to West through her contributions to the Yeezy label womenswear design team. “Maisie has always had a strong perspective, and we’re truly pleased with her first collection," West shared.  In an interview with Vogue, she explains, “Yeezy is a really special environment for growing and developing a career. When I started I was just an assistant, but the highly creative and unconventional atmosphere allowed me to have visibility and input in a wide variety of projects.” She speaks highly of West sharing, “Kanye very generously offered to support me; he truly cares about sharing resources, creating opportunities for creatives to grow and be recognized.”  Maisie Schloss debuted her designs at the Los Angeles friends and family preview on June 5th, which will be followed by the official launch taking place in Paris in late June. Her pieces offer an '80s-'90s inspired eclectic mood—boasting free form pieces grounded through her highly practiced discipline. The aesthetic calls for bright neon shimmery nights and bold street and sportswear for a more casual chic daytime look.  “My two main visual reference points were rhythmic gymnastics and robotics” she explains the vibe as having dual inspirations, “That was for two reasons: One is that aesthetically I’m really drawn to them [both]; [the other is] that conceptually—and process-wise—it was really a great parallel. I tend to work very methodically and systematically and do everything in a very precise order, but I make things that look playful and light-hearted. If you look at gymnastics, for example, there’s such a regimen of training, but the ultimate product is very beautiful and free-flowing.” The collection depicts a medley of slinky dresses, skirts, high necklines, baggy pants, and casual T-shirts that accentuate the silhouettes of the models highlighted through neon colorway lighting. Certain skirts and jackets are made from sleek vinyl. An ode to late 20th-century style is seen through gogo-esque swirls, animalistic prints, and bright hypnotizing textile craftsmanship. The cloth is pulled and tucked asymmetrically through rouching so as to drape specifically atop the figure in an ethereal and almost disheveled way. The L.A. manufactured 27 styles and 85 combined pieces will range from around $100 to $950; however, the location of the sale is yet to be announced. All looks were coupled with a range of Yeezy footwear, from transparent over the knee boots and latex heels to sneakers, and puffy sandals. More inspiration from Yeezy is noticeable in the circular rip like patterns repeated throughout the collection. In terms of West’s young creatives incubator brand, this is one of many to come as Schloss is off to Paris to fulfill her dreams of becoming a fashion designer. Maisie Wilen anticipates a promising future by expressing the trends of tomorrow.  If The Met Gala is considered the Fashion Oscars, The CFDA Awards are respectively a chic graduation afterparty. The 2019 CFDA fashion awards held last night at the Brooklyn Museum was a subdued celebration of what is going on in American fashion. The squads paired with the designers feel more authentic and in line with their visions. The Pyer Moss group, including Joan Smalls, A$AP Ferg, and Deray was a pastel fantasy of Black Excellence. Cult models Alek Wek and Veronica Webb returned to the carpet respectively. Exiting Chairwoman of the CFDA, Diane Von Furstenburg carried the torch she brought to the Met Gala this year and passed it to her successor Tom Ford who will take on her role in January. Brandon Maxwell won arguably the top honor of the night winning Womenswear Designer of The Year. Maxwell who started out as a stylist has seen his career flourish in the past few seasons as he is a designer who truly champions the women he dresses. They are family, they are his muses and his passion for them shows. His newfound stint on Project Runway has brought Maxwell to the televisions of Middle America and he is working to cement his role as a household name. Maxwell was responsible for Lady Gaga’s show-stopping four looks on the Met Gala red carpet earlier this year. While the Telfar bag shook up the fashion industry and became thee accessory of the season, Accessory Designer of the Year went to MaryKate and Ashley Olsen for The Row. Telfar Clemens may not have won but the upset it caused on social media proved the designer won the influence without the award. CFDA Fashion Fund runner-up, Emily Adams Bode won Emerging Designer of the Year for her label BODE. The designer who studied menswear at Parsons has cemented herself as a one to watch as we await to see if she wins the LVMH Prize. Jennifer Lopez wore a two piece red Ralph Lauren gown to accept her Style Icon award. Bob Mackie, winner of the Lifetime achievement award came with a glistening Bernadette Peters to accept his award. If the conversation regarding the International influence in current state of American fashion system is in question, Rick Owens menswear designer of the year award winner missed his flight from Paris to accept his award. It will be interesting to see how the awards change under Tom Ford's leadership as he has talked about need for America to globalize itself in the fashion scape. Click below to see our favorite looks of the night. For artist and designer Virgil Abloh, one exhibit just isn’t enough. He’s already been hard at work putting the finishing touches on his “Figures of Speech” retrospective which will open this month at the Chicago Museum of Contemporary Art. Now, to accompany the retrospective, Louis Vuitton has just announced a limited-time pop-up residency featuring limited-edition merchandise designed by Abhol just down the street from his exhibit. The all-orange capsule collection will include a monogram leather cap, sunglasses, a monogram soft trunk, and monogram soft trunk backpack, a chain belt, and sneakers. The items were designed specifically for and will be available exclusively at this exhibition and will be featured alongside other items from the Vuitton’s fall menswear line.   The space, which was designed specifically for the residency, will also be orange-hued and will serve to disrupt the store’s usual monochromatic palette giving the residency a pigment of the urban Chicago life on which it was based. This is not the first time Louis Vuitton has dropped Abhol’s new designs spontaneously. Last year, the French luxury house opted to stealth launch Abloh’s first designs for them in pop-up shops in London and Shanghai. A streetwear guru who helms his own Milan-based label Off-White, Abloh, has been credited with bringing a fresh perspective to the luxury brand since he took over as Men’s Artistic Director in March 2018. As the first black creative director at Vuitton, one of the few Americans leading a major fashion house, and with notable partnerships with industry innovators like Kanye West, Abloh has solidified himself as a creative powerhouse, the best of whom we’ve likely yet to see.  The short-lived residency, which will run from June 8th through July 7th, will be housed on West Randolph Street in Chicago’s West Loop neighborhood, just south of Abloh’s exhibition at the museum. Abloh is also collaborating on a NikeLab space with the icon sports apparel brand which will accompany his retrospective.  Residency Hours: Monday to Thursday 11 am – 7 pm Friday to Saturday 11 am – 8 pm Sunday 12 am – 6 pm On 3 June, New York came alive with yet another major event on the fashion calendar. No, not the Met Gala, but the 2019 CFDA Fashion Awards: the prestigious annual awards ceremony that honors the crème de la crème of the American fashion industry and rewards us with some great red carpet moments. The ceremony took place at the Brooklyn Museum (just like it did in 2018) and was attended by models, fashion designers and industry icons, including Bella Hadid, Gigi Hadid, Virgil Abloh and CFDA chairman Diane von Furstenberg, who will be succeeded by Tom Ford next year.  Throughout the evening, hosts Hasan Minhaj and Jessica Williams presented the awards to this year's winners, which included avant-garde designer Rick Owens for Menswear Designer of the Year and Brandon Maxwell—who designed all four of Lady Gaga's Met Gala costumes this year—for Womenswear Designer of the Year. The CFDA also presented Jennifer Lopez with the Fashion Icon Award, ranking her among the likes of past honorees Naomi Campbell and Rihanna. Another fashion icon who was recognized last night was Barbie, the doll whom the CFDA celebrated as a "champion of female empowerment." Womenswear Designer of the Year: Brandon Maxwell Menswear Designer of the Year: Rick Owens Accessories Designer of the Year: Ashley Olsen and Mary-Kate Olsen for The Row Emerging Designer of the Year: Emily Adams Bode for Bode Valentino Garavani and Giancarlo Giammetti International Award: Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen Positive Change Award: Eileen Fisher Founder's Award: Carine Roitfeld Media Award: Lynn Yaeger Fashion Icon: Jennifer Lopez Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award: Bob Mackie Board of Directors’ Tribute Award: Barbie It’s a truth universally acknowledged that the children of the rich and famous rarely obtain the same success as their parents. Georges Vuitton however, was the exception to this rule. The son of Louis Vuitton (the creator of the eponymous famous brand) helped to create many of the labels legacy traits. Indeed, after his father passed away in 1892, he quickly began to roll out a stream of classic Louis Vuitton pieces. By 1896 Georges Vuitton had created the famous ‘LV’ monogram canvas (featuring diamonds, circles, and flowers) which helped to set apart the brand’s products in a burgeoning luxury market. He also promised something that other luggage providers at the time could not provide—an unpickable lock. According to the fashion house he “revolutionized luggage locks with an ingenious closing system that turned travel trunks into real treasure chests”.He also helped to launch the Louis Vuitton Building on the Champs-Elysees in Paris in 1913, which at the time was the largest travel-goods store in the world, and by which time Coco Chanel was a patron of the brand. Throughout the early 1900s, he continued to roll out classic bag shapes that would remain timeless throughout the century. They included the Steamer bag (a smaller piece designed to be kept inside luggage trunks), which would lay the way for other bag styles in the first half of the 20th century including the Keepall bag, the Noe bag, and the Papillon bag, the latter of which appeared in the mid-sixties.   MOVING INTO THE 20TH CENTURY To push the brand even further however, it would take another mastermind, nearly a century later. In 1997 Marc Jacobs joined the Louis Vuitton label as creative director and quickly made his presence felt at the label. He launched the brand’s first-ever ready-to-wear clothing line. He transformed the house which was famous for making high-end luxury luggage, into a fully fledged fashion house. There were iconic moments throughout his 16-year tenure at the brand, from his catwalk collections—such as his minimalist 1998 debut show, fronted by Naomi Campbell—to his 2012 show which championed the brand’s Parisian heritage. Hosted at the Les Arts Decoratifs, the show looked forwards, by digging deep into the history of the brand. Both through honoring the 19th-century trunk at the core of the brand, and by uniting the pillars of culture art and commerce, which served as an inspiration for much of his new collections. With one hand on the past and one of the future, the designer was quick to credit the brand’s neighbors across the pond as a source for his inspiration too. “Both New York and Paris offer profound yet contrasting catalysts for creativity. In New York, I’m inspired by my friends... the movies I see, the music I listen to. Then I go back to Paris and the team there allows me the frivolity of my fantasy as a designer living in Paris,” the designer explained at the time. Alongside his iconic collections for the house, he also partnered with leading artists, catapulting the brand into the 21st century. He launched a range of successful partnerships with Stephen Sprouse, Takashi Murakami, Richard Prince, and Kanye West. THE RISE OF JEWELRY In 2001, Marc Jacobs launched the first-ever Louis Vuitton jewelry range. His first designs for the label centered upon a charm bracelet which soon became one of the most popular pieces at the fashion house. Over his remaining years at the company, Marc Jacobs helped to develop the brand’s jewelry range and successfully grew it into its own division by 2013. In less than 20 years the fashion has grown to produce some of the leading pieces of high jewelry in the industry. In 2016, Louis Vuitton released its first-ever Blossom collection, based on the monogram flower motif, originally designed by Georges Vuitton back in the 1890s. The stunning collection depicted a blossoming flower bud at various stages of bloom, throughout the collection. “We are 100 percent strict, in that the design must start from the stone. This way nothing is compromised,” said a spokesperson for the brand. “The Blossom series is characterized by some exceptional gems, with each chapter devoted to a stone of exemplary size and color,” added Hamdi Chatti, the vice president for watches and jewelry at the house at the time. The series was such a success, that it influenced the house’s decision to launch the B.Blossom series this year. The new design is again influenced by the iconic 1896 design by Georges Vuitton, reinterpreted for a new generation. According to the house, the gold, diamond and yellow designs which are central to the new collection are inspired by the “powerful and daring” women who wear the label. The new collection is an “emblem of female independence and the essence of femininity,” says the house. Another key part of the new collection is the iconic design across several new rings. The pieces can be worn individually or stacked, and are available in malachite, onyx, white agate, pink opal, diamonds or plain gold in both yellow and pink gold. Also available in the new ring collection are three statement signet rings, including both diamond and carved stone designs. More iconic pieces in the new range include a beautiful bracelet in gold with sensual contour, which encases in its curves, five precious pearls either with diamonds or in onyx. Fans of the current geometric trend will love the bead and pendant monogram flower set, available in short and long necklaces, as well as bracelets. There are also statement minimalist earrings in the new range, which can be both worn to compliment the other pieces in the collection, or as standalone jewelry. “The new B.Blossom collection finds its beauty in a finely nuanced metamorphosis that encompasses the genesis of the original design, reinterpreted and honoring Louis Vuitton’s signature collection with a bold new attitude,” said a spokesperson for the label. We couldn’t agree more—no doubt Georges Vuitton would be proud of the new range. For more information, visit louisvuitton.com The original Longchamp "Le Pliage" was founded by Philippe Cassegrain in 1993, with the foldable bag being inspired by the ancient Japanese art of origami. This new collaboration with Tokyo-based design studio, nendo, sees the icon being reinterpreted into a collection of imaginative, minimalist pieces.   nendo was founded in 2002 by Oki Sato, and aims to create designs that represent what it calls “!” moments in everyday life. Its design philosophy is based on reshaping everyday, ordinary objects to give us a fresh perspective, thus enriching our daily lives and experiences. This ethos is clearly demonstrated by the brand's intriguing reinterpretations of Le Pliage, which sheds an entirely new light on this iconic bag.   “What I appreciated about nendo was their absolute respect for the codes of Le Pliage®, they wanted to retain the DNA of the original product – the nylon, the Russian leather, the flap and the foldability, but with an entirely new twist.” - Sophie Delafontaine, Longchamp Creative Director.  While the classic Le Pliage offers two distinct experiences—one when it is carried as a bag, the other when it is folded away—nendo’s designs introduce a third experience, reimagining the bags as functional, aesthetically-pleasing storage objects to be placed around the home.  There are three variations of bags, all exquisitely minimal in shape and sophisticated in execution. The first is a bag which transforms into a cube that can be used for storage or transport, but also into a sturdy and spacious wide-bottomed holdall. The second is a cone-shaped bag with a single handle, which can be either carried or hung from a hook or rail. The leather top opens easily to allow objects to be put in or taken out. The third is a circular bag inspired by traditional furoshiki folding cloths, which were widely used in Japan to carry objects before the popularization of Western-style bags. Like the furoshiki, it adapts to whatever it carries.  The cone and circle bags come in two sizes, and the cube bag in three, and is available in a palette of six shades of colored neutrals including dark blue, mustard, and burgundy.  Paying homage to the Le Pliage Cuir, a limited edition black lambskin edition is also available for the cone bag.  The Longchamp x nendo collection will be available in Singapore from 2 July at Longchamp boutiques.  Summer. A season that we place our designer handbags in dust bags and swap them out for the new lust-worthy it-bags that inundate our Instagram feeds. The quirky, seasonal styles become a reflection of youthful and carefree spirits, warmer temperatures, and upcoming seaside travels. Gone are the days when summer bags only took form in wicker and straw as emerging designers from all over the world are playing with quirky shapes and prints to fuse style and function. Below, we share summer’s best cult bags from emerging designers. Milan-based designer, Emily Levine uses a variety of block printed cotton and silk saris from India to create her coveted dumpling bags. The soft, lightweight material makes it perfect for packing and can be worn day-to-night. Dumpling bag, $145, available at Net-a-Porter What better way to explore the French Riviera than with this toile-printed bag by Miami-based brand, NST Studio? Toile bag, $258, available at NST Studio The Fefi bag is a playful style from Rio-based brand, Wai Wai. The beads come in a variety of colors from pink, to red, to green, to multi-colored. While the bag has been the it-big among Brazilian-natives for a few seasons now, we anticipate its popularity worldwide this summer. Fefi bag, $560, available at Wai Wai Bag brand Mizele teamed up with our favorite new jewelry brand, Timeless Pearly to give us an elevated alternative to wearing seashells this summer. The bag is made of crocheted cotton so it’s soft and durable and the cowrie shell details make it the perfect fit for seaside travels.   Shell bag, $322, available at Net-a-Porter Aside from the fact that this bag by Barcelona-based brand, Gabriel for Sach is tiny and weightless (making it perfect for travel), it’s also completely versatile. Carry it in your hand or crossbody using the additional pearl strap. Flower bag, $188, available at Gabriel for Sach This acetate bag by London-based brand, Montunas is the perfect evening bag for warmer nights. Take the removable pink satin-faille drawstring pouch out and use it to store your jewelry while traveling. Montunas vanda bag, $354, available at Matches Fashion Coming of Age bags are the adult-version of our lunch boxes from childhood—and they represent the name and brand ethos flawlessly as they are ideal for all ages. The bags are lightweight and made from iridescent silk taffeta sourced from New York’s garment district. Gingham bag, $220, available at COA Prada's fine jewelry collection shimmers with creations made of gold. Guitars, roses, and rabbits, not to mention robots, bananas, and the brand's triangular logo, provide a fresh interpretation– of the brand’s iconic symbols in the form of contemporary and timeless earrings, bracelets, pendants, and necklaces.  The collection created using 18-carat gold and diamonds from suppliers bearing the Responsible Jewellery Council (RJC) certification. The RJC is a non-profit organization, founded in 2015 to promote responsible practices from an ethical, social and environmental point of view and respect for human rights in the handling of metals and precious stones, from their extraction right through to their sale. The intricate work that goes into crafting this collection involves a number of meticulous steps and precision, including artisan techniques such as the casting of the gold, CNC machining, and wire drawing to cut the diamonds and create other elements. This craftsmanship marries traditional knowledge with technological innovation, ensuring perfect quality for each piece of fine jewelry.  Scroll through the gallery to see the collection. The Prada fine jewelry collection will be available from May onwards at selected Prada boutiques and at prada.com Photography by Thomas McCarty Have you, too, been feeling down after April showers led not to May flowers, but to even more rain? Maybe Thom Browne’s new campaign can cheer you up. For a beach-inspired capsule launching online this month, the designer tapped Parker Kit Hill to pose as a seagull amidst a cast of models in colorful garb. Literally. A seagull. The hilarious social media star, who once gave L’Officiel USA’s Instagram stories audience some talking-hand dating advice and also joined us the other week to primally celebrate The Blond’s third anniversary, wears a look perfectly resembling the coastal bird as he poses on Coney Island. Bending his arms like wings, Hill shows off a full ensemble ready to take flight: three matching feathered pieces (an open jacket, Bermuda shorts, and a chic head covering), orange platform sneakers (AKA street wear’s version of webbed feet), and a boat-patterned body tight featuring a fake tie and collar. This is definitely what a seagull would wear to a classy party, and while we’ll have to wait and see if anyone decides to copy the full ensemble, the spirit of camp is alive and well. Browne designed Cardi B’s over-the-top gown for the camp-themed Met Gala, so the campaign is a perfect next step right in the middle of a moment where the world is embracing more fun with fashion. Get ready for a summer full of spotting feathers around fashion cities—and hopefully some birdlike poses on the beach—as the new beach capsule hits the market this month. See photos from the campaign in the gallery below. It seems fashion photography has an endless obsession with Instagram these days, but Patrick Remy is not quite on board. While he loves the new voices and experimentation that have entered the field, the author and art director worries that the social media platform causes viewers to miss key details—he would rather examine the power of a photo as it hangs on the wall. Perhaps his new book Antiglossy: Fashion Photography Now, which features the work of 30 contemporary photographers who are challenging the traditional glamour narrative, will convince readers to once again slow down when viewing a fashion image. Upon looking at the list of creatives, one will first notice fashion favorites like Juergen Teller, who has worked with seemingly every brand and celebrity under the sun, Glen Luchford, AKA the major name who recently photographed Harry Styles with baby animals for Gucci, and Ruth Hogben, the SHOWstudio filmmaker who has often collaborated with Lady Gaga. But there are also some outside names in the mix, like Todd Hido, who has used his background in landscapes to create an eerily chic series of models in and around motels, and Joanna Piotrowska, who captures models in architectural poses in black-and-white. “I like the idea of these photographers putting their perspective into fashion,” Remy says of what he loves about these creatives’ work being in the mix. “I think it's a new way to show fashion, because all of these photographers have open minds.” Because the field of fashion photography is so diverse today, it’s no longer easy to define trends or a clear-cut way to success, but that’s exactly what Remy wants to celebrate. Over two decades into making books about fashion photography, he loves the versatility of modern cameras and the way today’s creatives are pushing boundaries rather than making references. Beyond the stylistic differences, the current pool of photographers is more representative of a range of countries and the younger generations, and women are finally getting a better chance to shine following the effects of the #MeToo movement. “In the end, the photography is more respectful of models, and there is less of a sexual aspect than there was about 10 years ago,” Remy says of how he thinks the field has changed. “I think we’ve just seen the beginning of #MeToo, and it will continue to change in the years to come.” From a kitschy, cat-filled cover by Charlie Engman and starring Chloë Sevigny to stunning Kaia Gerber portraits by Charlotte Wales, Antiglossy is truly capturing the voice of a fast-moving era. Remy talked with L’Officiel USA to give more insight on what makes a good fashion photo today, from putting images first to the importance of a good team to the necessity of evolving. What sparked your interest to explore the new wave of fashion photography through this book? My first book about fashion photography was in 1996, a long time ago. It was called Fashion Images. And from time to time, I revisit the concept of exploring what is fashion photography. My last book on the topic, The Art of Fashion Photography, was about five years ago. The idea behind that was I think fashion photography is very ephemeral. You throw out magazines; after a month it goes directly to the trash. My idea is to update, to give another dimension of the image in a book. In a book, it's completely different from a magazine, and the idea is just to look at the image. There is no caption, and we are no longer thinking about the dress or the ad or anything else. The focus is really on the image. And in the five years since that book came out, I think things are going very, very fast in fashion photography, at this moment, and the idea is to ask, "What is fashion photography?" But you know, a book like this is always a long project. I started three years ago.   What were some of the biggest trends you noticed when putting together this book? I think too much is happening in photography to pick a few overarching trends. Now, when you are a photographer, you can take a photo or film with the same camera. A film, or a video, or something for Instagram. And I think all the photographers are widening their universe. The universe of photographers is going in all directions. But now, when you flip through the book, there is really two trends. One: it's back to film, away from digital, back to argentique. And I think that a large part of fashion photographers are now working with film because the light is different, the colors are different. On the other side of trends is a push of the frontier of the digital image.   How do you think these new photographers' aesthetics align with the current fashion scene? Photographers are typically in their own world, and I think in large part, the clothes are not so important. That’s what I like about fashion photography. First you want to be a photographer, and you make some images. But with fashion photography, the idea is very simple. It's to shoot some clothes for a magazine. But your most important audience is the people who go to your exhibitions. And in large part, except for some of the last generation’s photographers, like Steven Meisel and Mario Testino, who really live for fashion and clothes. And all this generation is working for image first, and after for the clothes.   Publications and brands are putting an increased focus on digital content. How do you think this has impacted how fashion photographers approach their work? It’s the same camera taking two kinds of images. But in the end, the two are the same. When you shoot for Instagram, at the beginning you have one image. And it's always the same thing. One image, with movement or without movement, it's always one image. And my idea for this book is to take this image from the context, which can be Instagram or video or Facebook or a magazine, and to find something that would look good on a wall. Out of context of the magazine or digital medium, you can put only the photo on the wall like in a museum and think about whether it’s working. That's my point of view.   In the constant stream of images that we have today with the internet and Instagram feeds, what makes a fashion photo stand out? If you look at Instagram, you look at one image for maybe five to ten seconds, no more. And I'm not sure this allows you to understand everything. You forgot the image, you forgot some details. And this is part of why I prefer to work with magazines. When I start to work, I just flip through magazines. Because I think for all these photographers, through all these generations, images are first. The image starts in the magazine, in print, and after, it becomes a GIF, a video, blah blah blah, and something for Instagram. But if you shoot only for Instagram, it's so cheap. One thing that's very important in fashion photography: it's not only about one photographer; it's the work of the team. If the team is bad, your photo will be bad. It’s about the photographer, the styling, the model, the hairdresser, everything. It's the work of the group. And for Instagram, you have no budget, you have none of this, and you might end up with a cheap image. And for me, that's not fashion photography. It's what people want, but not really fashion photography.
  The photos in your book break from the glamour of traditional photography, but they're far from minimalist. Instead, they're finding new kinds of aesthetics. What kind of impact do you think this has? A few of the photographers in this book don’t primarily work in fashion. Sometimes, you’ll see some photographers who are big in galleries, who want to push the limits of their work and use the code of fashion photography for them. About 20 years ago, we asked Valérie Belin to do a shoot for L'Officiel Paris. It was so beautiful and everybody was like, "Who is this photographer?" But she's very famous, so I think they were asking because it was clothes-focused. It was great because she's very open-minded in front of the clothes, and she put her vision within the realm of fashion photography. This is all so interesting because if you're completely deep in fashion photography, you're not open-minded, and you can't stay in the business more than five or six years.   In your intro, you mention how the representation of women is changing with this new style of photography. The #MeToo movement has been going on for over a year now, so what are the biggest changes you've been seeing in this representation? One thing that is interesting with #MeToo is that a bunch of big photographers are fired from magazines, so now, it's more open to younger generations. Without #MeToo, younger photographers would wait a lot longer to have a place in magazines. When you fire people and everyone knew their name, that opens things to new generations. Additionally, the field is more open to women photographers. I’ve always said that when I make a book, I don't care if it's a woman or a man. The most important thing for me is the photo. But I changed my mind for fashion photography because the way male and female photographers show clothes and models is different. Female photographers usually avoid an objectifying sexual vision of women. They have to fight for their place in the society of photography, and they have deep, strong visions that are different from some men. In the end, the photography is more respectful of models, and there is less of a sexual aspect than there was about 10 years ago. That's very interesting, and it's more open-minded. I think we’ve just seen the beginning of #MeToo, and it will continue to change in the years to come.   Can you talk about some projects in this book that you found especially striking? It's not easy to say. I like Thomas Hauser, who is in his mid-forties and based in Berlin. At first, he was a painter, but he started to shoot some models in a very cheap studio with a cheap chair. It was very old-fashioned to photograph in a studio, but the work that came out was very strong. I published him four years ago in a book called Desire about eroticism and starting at that point, everybody liked his point of view. He started to work for McQueen and major magazines. He typically doesn’t use a stylist. It’s just him in front of the model, and sometimes he styles his shoots himself. From another point of view is Maurits Sillem, a young photographer from London. He tries to push the limits of digital and with the image reproduction and has developed a unique style.   The book features a series of photos that Charlie Engman snapped of Chloë Sevigny, including on the cover. What do you think Sevigny's reputation and aesthetic contribute to the Antiglossy concept? The true world of fashion photography surrounds photos, actors, and moving images. And Chloë Sevigny is an idol of the millennial generation. She can be rough, she can be smart, and she's trendy. She can add a lot to fashion photography. And she's nice. And I like the photo, but it's so kitsch. We say in French it's like on calendars or posters. It's always dogs or cats. And someone said if you want to have success on Instagram, you have to put cats.   What do you hope to see in fashion photography moving forward? I think you have to wait for the next book! I’ve started to collect a lot of magazines; I've met some excellent photographers. Since I finished Antiglossy a year ago, I’ve found a new generation that comes from everywhere. I think a large part of the photography in this book came from the UK and America, plus there are some Dutch and German photographers, but there's a new frontier coming from Italy, from Ukraine, from South Africa. It's more open, and they’ve done away with always making references. Before, in the '90s up to maybe 10 years ago, there was always a reference to the big masters of fashion photography: Irving Penn, Guy Bourdin. Now, there is none of that. The references now come from different fields. It can be a movie or just from everyday life. That's very interesting.   Do you have any upcoming projects you'd like to talk about? I just finished a book for Louis Vuitton’s Fashion Eye series, about Slim Aarons and the French Riviera. I feel really great about it. It comes out in June. Last week, Calvin Klien launched their latest I SPEAK MY TRUTH IN #MYCALVINS campaign that included Billie English and Shawn Mendes. Today the brand launched their second drop, featuring Bella Hadid, Indya Moore, Troye Sivan, A$AP Rocky, Yoo Ah-In, Kendall Jenner and Kevin Abstract.    The campaign was shot by the renowned Mario Sorrenti and the video series by Jonas Lindstroem. The video series shows the stars reflecting on some of their most intimate moments. Indya Moore is glistening as she lies on her balcony, “I used to tell my friends, I’m ugly before 10 am. And I’d warn them not to look at me.” she whispers. “But Not anymore. I won’t wait to be free. I speak my truth in my Calvins.” Meanwhile A$AP Rocky, shirtless in a room on fire with a bed, reminds us to "Keep that Shit Hot" in his.   You can discover more of the I SPEAK MY TRUTH IN #MYCALVINS campaign here. Anwar Hadid and Yoni Laham both really love jewelry. The model, who has risen to fashion fame alongside sisters Gigi and Bella, has been rocking pierced ears since he was about 11, and while the musician cannot say the same, he values the confidence boost of a good piece and regularly wears rings, bracelets, and necklaces. Both of them see a deeper, precious meaning to jewelry, and it’s this passion that led them to start their brand Martyre. Neither founder has prior experience in the jewelry field, but their outside perspectives are exactly what drew them to found the brand—and just what makes their brand so interesting. Hadid and Laham have been friends for a while, and after noticing many people in their circle were pursuing creative projects, they noticed a gap in the jewelry industry for younger voices like theirs. “Of course there are cool companies popping up every day, but it's really mostly the big dogs, the people that have been holding the space for a very long time,” Laham said of how he perceives the climate. “Here we are, young kids pursuing our dreams, sticking to something that we really believe in. It's a different perspective.” Coming from a pure love of the meaning behind jewelry, Martyre is a brand that caters to everyone and features plenty of spiritual symbolism. Their slogan is “Pray For Us,” which Hadid emphasizes is about putting important thoughts into the universe, and pieces feature unifying, open-ended symbols like clasped hands and sunbursts. The goal is for the brand to be accessible to anyone, a goal they further with a broad price range (rings start at $95, and those craving luxury can customize pieces with options like diamonds and rose gold) as well as marketing every item as unisex. The latter concept started with the founders’ own appreciation for jewelry, and the philosophy behind it is simple. “Every person should be able to express themselves in whatever way they want,” Hadid said of what he hopes wearers take away from the unisex line. Laham added: “Who are we to dictate what you want to wear?” With this inclusive principle set and their spiritual ideas in mind, the duo has been working with design director Ryan Benson to craft a cohesive, meaningful line. It’s a long process, involving photographic inspiration, countless sketches, and ordering far more samples than will actually become products, but just like in Laham’s experience working on albums, the result is a trim set of designs they love, that embrace their detail-oriented but simple taste. The pieces feature stunning detail but are understated enough to wear every day, and true to their vision, both founders love wearing a range of their pieces. “That's like a majority of the line,” Laham quipped after he and Hadid listed nearly a dozen pieces they love to wear regularly. After kicking off with a campaign that features Hadid, Georgia Fowler, and Abdulaye Niang in a series of chic, mostly black-and-white photos, Martyre’s future is as wide open as the audience for their products. With so many opportunities on the horizon and a growing desire for longevity amidst transient social media culture, the two founders have a lot on their minds, so they chatted with L’Officiel USA about the power of jewelry, how their outside perspectives contribute to their process, and their desire to create objects with longevity amidst a culture with so much transience. How did the two of you come together and decide to collaborate? ANWAR HADID: One day, we were sitting and watching TV and we were like, there's such a gap in the industry, and we felt like we had something to say and something to create and it started from that. YONI LAHAM: [Anwar's] older sisters and I have had mutual best friends for a while, and starting two-and-a-half to three years ago, we started hanging out together. All our friends were creating stuff and doing things they were passionate about. Eventually, we looked at each other and knew jewelry was something we wanted to do to exercise our creativity. We didn't really see anyone else doing it, and we had a strong passion for it, so we decided to try it. A year and a half later, we've got Martyre.   Neither of you worked in jewelry prior to this venture. What struck you about entering this field? YL: For me, it was a combination of a bunch of things. First and foremost,we had a strong passion. We love jewelry as much as clothing. We would wear it, our friends loved it, and we were so inspired, but no one was really doing it except for the legends already in the field. And jewelry is so personal, something that you keep forever. It's something families pass down. It was easy to continuously work on it and put our entire hearts into it, because it felt like something that could stay.   Your backgrounds are in modeling and music. Is there anything you've learned from these fields that has contributed to your approach as entrepreneurs? AH: Just being able to be yourself. I learned a lot. YL: Anwar's in the center of everything. His family has obviously been in the center of fashion for a minute. I feel like that allows him to look at everything around him, soak it all in, and develop his own opinion. He's been in the mix forever. So he knows what he wants, what he doesn't want, what he thinks is cool, and what isn't. And as far as me with music, I always say that creating an album is how I treat everything. As far as bringing a product to fruition, Anwar and I work with our head of design, Ryan Benson, similarly to the way I work on an album. We put our references down, put everything on a board, Ryan will create a bunch of different sketches, then we'll do a voting process. We'll make way more sketches than are going in the collection. And, like making songs for an album, we just keep cutting them down, trimming the fat, until we have the designs we love. What was the design process like when you were developing your collection? AH: We would come together every day and all throw ideas down, and Ryan would come back with all the drawings and figure out the pieces that worked. What we realized also is that we wanted to create pieces that everyone could wear and appreciate. So even though we made so many pieces that we wanted to drop right away, we realized that it was so important for us to make sure everyone could connect. So at one point we started to incorporate the people around us to see what details everyone appreciated together. YL: It started with me and Anwar and Ryan coming together collectively. We first established that we wanted everyone to be able to wear it. After that, we established, of course we wanted it to be unisex, but how were we going to create something that a man or a woman genuinely could wear? Like actually is gender-fluid, and we would wear anything on both fronts? But after that, once we have the moral fiber between how and why we're going to create, Ryan will go through thousands of photos. We'll pick inspiration photos, and Ryan will go and sketch as many as he can. Anwar and I will put our critiques in, and we'll narrow it down from there. After that, we'll do multiple voting processes. Even in sampling, we make more and end up with less because, from our experience, you don't know what's going to translate physically until you see it. So we touch it, feel it, and put it on to see how it makes us feel. And through that process, we give ourselves time to digest it. And we'll gather our thoughts and come to a last vote, we would say, once the pieces are made. Being like, "Okay, this is the collection. We're happy. We're content."   What do you hope your brand brings to the jewelry space? YL: I hope it brings a little bit of spirit. Right now in the market, of course there are cool companies popping up every day, but it's really mostly the big dogs, the people that have been holding the space for a very long time. And here we are, young kids pursuing our dreams, sticking to something that we really believe in. It's a different perspective. We're not going to change how people perceive jewelry. Jewelry is jewelry. But this is our take on it, and we hope that people feel the same way that we do.   You don't specify gender categories within your line, which you've talked about a bit. What do you hope this communicates to the wearer? AH: I pierced my ears when I was about 11. At that time, it was such a funny thing. Guys were afraid to wear earrings and jewelry. I want people to know that they're allowed to be themselves. It doesn't matter who you are if you're wearing jewelry. It doesn't change the person that you are inside. YL: More or less, you like what you like. Anwar wears dainty, girly jewelry that looks super masculine on him. He looks great. If it makes you feel a sense of confidence and you love it, then no one should tell you what you can and can't wear. We're not trying to put guidelines on who should wear what. We create it for you to enjoy it and feel a sense of pride. We hope anyone can feel that with any piece they're drawn to. There shouldn't be any boundaries on what you should be wearing or buying.   Symbolism is a big part of your pieces. Can you talk about some specific meanings? AH: There's a lot of hidden symbolism. A pair of shaking hands is the clasp to a lot of our pieces. For us, that represents unity. You need your friends and people around you in order to grow and have union. There's no union if there's not other people to share that with. That's important and that's something that's really symbolic to us. And also, "Pray for Us" means a lot to me. I always put the things on my mind and my dreams out in the air. I pray for my friends and I pray for things that are important. Just "Pray for Us," pray for the people you love, and throw what matters to you into the universe. YL: I think a majority of it is up for interpretation. There's obviously an underlying theme of faith, unity, release. The angels are people watching over you, guardian angels, the things that you believe in. And for us, more than anything, faith and unity play a deep part in this. Whether it's this or that, you have to believe in yourself and a higher power. It's good for the soul. You need it. And I think all these symbolic pieces and sayings that we have are navigating towards that. And we're all from different backgrounds and religions. It's not specific to anything. It's just good to have faith and believe in and pray for yourself and other people. These are things that everyone should try and practice. Related to that, the engravings on your rings are communicating a lot about your brand aesthetic and the message you want to convey. Some of them even have your brand name. How do you think this fits within the current cultural obsession with logos? AH: I think creativity in fashion and all types of fields circulates with the times. YL: We pulled back more than we thought. We had a lot more at the beginning. We have a detail-oriented taste, but we also have a very simple taste. Some of our favorite pieces have a little bit of text and meaning and the rest is left to the design and how you wear it. And I don't think that that's specific to now. Of course, with some of these other brands, I get the kind of logo-obsessive stuff, but I feel like logos have been a thing forever. Whether people have realized it consciously or not, logos and brands have been stuffed in your face from the beginning, and it's the easiest way for people to associate. It feels harder to associate with a design or a piece than it is with a name or a saying.   What do you think is the power of jewelry for the wearer? AH: For me, jewelry has as much ancient symbolism as metal. I've learned about metal, like copper emphasizes energy. It emphasizes electricity, and we're human beings, and we have energy flowing through us. Ancient people wore jewelry all the time, as pieces that last long and are handed down through their family. So I think it holds energy. A piece of silver can be so important to someone. It's just a small piece of silver, but it's the meaning you put into it. If there's a pure, beautiful intention behind something, it can really hold space in your life. YL: I think that the power is it's an accessory. Accessories give you a specific powerful feeling that clothes just don't. Clothes can empower you, but jewelry is another layer of that. Accessories have been worn, like Anwar said, from ancient times until now. They've always represented confidence or strength. I think it still brings that. Also, you're wearing natural elements, whether it be silver or something else. These materials, they're beautiful and natural. When you wear them on your body, it comes with a certain feeling. I think everyone can relate to that feeling you have when you put it on.   What jewelry pieces do you each wear most regularly? AH: I wear a lot of them. I wear the Caleb necklace, but I've also cut that in half into a bracelet. And I wear the Soma earrings. I also wear the Caleb bracelet and the Avery bracelet, which is my favorite. YL: My favorite is, I think, the Sinner stack. That's three rings combined, but the silver and diamond sunset stack is unreal. I wear it every day. The Sinner diamond cuff, I wear on my wrist every single day. I also often wear the Sinner necklace and the Arcadia. Those are my two favorite necklaces. I'm obsessed with them. And I wish I could wear the Somas. I like the Cherub bracelet, also. I love them all. That's like a majority of the line!   What would you like to see happen with the brand as you continue to develop it? AH: I just want to touch as many people's hearts as possible. I want to see it on as many people as possible and hope that it holds some sort of value to them. YL: I want it to evolve. I don't want to jump the gun; we don't want to go too fast or rush into new categories too quickly, but I want to see the brand evolve at a steady, healthy pace. Eventually, our goal is to be in multiple categories, but right now, we're focusing on jewelry. We love jewelry. Once we feel we've taken this to a place where we feel comfortable starting another category, devoting all of our time and all of our hearts to it, we'll do that and we're excited for that. But for right now, we're focused on jewelry. Visit Martyre to shop the collection. If you follow Marina Testino on Instagram, you may have noticed that her feed has been a lot more yellow these past two months. That is because the Parsons grad has been actively promoting her  #YellowLikeALemon campaign, raising awareness of fashion’s negative environmental impact.  Testino launched this project during Paris Fashion Week Fall 2019, she decided to only use clothing and beauty products in their “second lives” all while wearing yellow.  The creative entrepreneur hopes to get the fashion industry to switch from the highly unsustainable linear economy to a circular one. All of the clothes she wore for the two months came under the 4 S’s of Sustainable Fashion: Simplify, Share (or Rent!), Sustainably Made; and Secondary Market.  #YellowLikeALemon came to a close this past Thursday, and to wrap, Testino celebrated at Chloe 81 with friends including Calu Rivero, and Arianna Marguilis to discuss how the fashion industry can actively fight climate change and promote sustainability. This is Testino’s second color block project under her brand Point Off View. She previously had her One Dress to Impress project where she wore one coral suit every day to bring awareness to our society's attitude towards consumerism and waste. The official #YellowPartners also did their bid: from thredUP, the world’s largest fashion resale market place, to DL1961, WARP + WEFT, Scotria, For Days and Mola Sasa, inspiring sustainable brands or PELA, pioneering in bio-degradable phone cases, all supported Marina’s colorful statement: sustainability is the only possible alternative. With this only being Testino's second environmental campaign, we can't wait to see her continuing to fight for environmental change one monochromatic look at a time.   To learn more about Testino's work, visit Point Off View. It's time to get your Fendi prints on! Following the Italian fashion house's extremely successful launches FF Reloaded and Fendi Mania, the Italian house’s FF series continues with the launch of the Roma Amor drop. L'Officiel USA  The third installation of the FF series, shows Fendi working with British graffiti artist PREF to create the Roma Amor logo, which pops in two different graphic variations, a parallelepiped and a multicolor wave. The artist is most known for his 3-D multilayered graffiti, which shows the words he sprays float off of a wall. The FF series sparked a new obsession in the house’s iconic Fendi logo, and the previous Fendi Mania collection featured the collaboration of digital artist HEY RILEY. The collection will range in ready to wear and accessories for women, men, and kids. The new Roma Amor logo will find itself on chic mink fur coats, and leather bombers. The fun florescent line will also carry leather biker jackets, windbreakers, and jumpsuits. Streetwear is on display in the promotional video with the logomania joggers and hoodies. The classic Fendi staples: the Peekaboo, Baguette and Mon Trésor will also be getting neon makeovers, while the drop will introduce the new “GENTLE FENDI”  sunglasses in collaboration with the Korean sunglass brand Gentle Monster. The promotional video shows the Fendi fam enamored by PERF’s graffiti-wave on a truck—run into the Palazzo della Civiltà Italiana, with its arches illuminated by the rainbow-colored lights. With Sleepless Nights as the soundtrack to the video, it turns the Fendi headquarters' building into an unexpected Fantasyland. Clad in neon pink, yellow and black looks, dancing to Sleepless Nights by FM Attacks the group of models show off their #FendiRomAmora with an "I want my MTV" attitude. The house will have six special personalization projects at their Seoul Lotte Downtown, Tokyo Omotesando, Beijing SKP, New York Madison, Paris Galeries Lafayette, and Paris Printemps stores. The Roma Amor collection will be available in 36 selected Fendi Boutiques worldwide and is available online at fendi.com now through May 14. Photography by Mario Sorrenti Calvin Klein’s latest campaign, I SPEAK MY TRUTH IN #MYCALVINS, seeks to continue the brand’s long legacy of challenging the status quo. The most recent installment of their celebrated #mycalvins series sees them celebrating authenticity as a catalyst for change, by bringing together some of today’s most shamelessly-themselves stars. Musicians Billie Eilish, Shawn Mendes, Chika Oranika and Noah Centineo lend their presence to the ad campaign, participating in Calvin Kein’s call for authentic self-expression. Each face shares their own story in a video series, in their own words, encouraging honest self-expression. The clips, directed by Jonas Lindstroem, are accompanied by images shot by legendary photographer Mario Sorrenti, known for shooting the brand’s iconic Obsession campaign starring Kate Moss in the '90s. Check out the video campaigns below. 
          "Come get lost in the fondness of yesteryear and reflect on a time gone by, while looking towards a new way forward with Lack of Color's new 2019 range, Revolution." Lack of Color is a luxury headwear label based in Australia and is run by creative couple Tess Corvaia and Robert Tilbury. Each season they release a new line of hats ranging from wool fedoras to wide-brimmed straw sun hates to vegan leather mucket hats and so much more. On May 1st, they blessed us with their new collection Revolution. This range is Lack of Color's most unique collection yet, offering twenty two new styles with a strong vintage influence. LoC's signature vintage ribbons adorn their brightly colored wool hats, in new tones such as forest green, rose pink and navy blue. The introduction of two vintage-inspired flicked edge fedoras, with custom made scarves and vintage rose raffia straw hats are an ode to their signature style of making the new old again and breathing new life into their timeless designs. The range also introduces new Terry towel bucket hats in a striking zebra and leopard print, with the addition of two vegan leather bucket hats. The Celestial Boater with handmade gold Conchos is sure to make a statement and amplifies the notion that this really is LoC's most eclectic range to date. The campaign, to which L'Officiel USA received exclusive access, was shot in Sydney by Byrdie Mack and is an homage to the 1969 Woodstock festival which is now approaching its 50th anniversary.  We chatted with the brand's co-founder, Tess Corvaia about the challenged of being a business owner, the ways in which the brand has grown and changed throughout its lifetime and what her and Robert's next steps are as designers and tastemakers. ELLA SNYDER: What was the first hat you ever wore? Was it the bonnet you wore during your christening or a baseball cap you wore for little league? TESS CORVAIA: The first hat I ever wore was probably an old Rolling Stones cap that belonged to my dad. I have really fond memories of wearing it.   ES: What are your thoughts on festival culture? How has it helped or hurt your brand? TC: We love festival culture. I think if done right it can help brands immensely. Of course, you’re always going to have some weird influences, which aren’t your style, but I don’t think it necessarily hurts the brand. Ever since I was born, my family and our close friends have attended Bluesfest in Byron Bay over Easter. It’s been our yearly family holiday and it’s always been great. Having been immersed in the festival lifestyle since I was a young child gave me an appreciation for festival culture, and has no doubt influenced some of our designs over time at LOC.   ES: We have seen a huge rise in popularity in bucket hats and cowboy hats this year. What’s next? What do you anticipate the next hot trend to be? TC: I think brimmed straw and wool styles are so timeless. That’s why we added some new and unique styles to our latest range, Revolution. Trends come and go but the classic styles are so timeless and can be worn beyond what’s trending at the time. This makes it a more worthwhile investment.   ES: What were some of the challenges you faced when starting your brand? How did you overcome them? TC: I think you’re always going to face challenges in anything worth doing – it comes with the territory. Persistence and a never-give-up attitude are the best ways to overcome these challenges.   ES: Is there a specific hat style that you feel best embodies the range of your products? TC: I’m pretty fond of designing the boater style. If you get the brim or the crown proportion right for the wearer, it can really frame their face and be the cherry on top of any outfit.   ES: A lot of influencers and celebrities are seen wearing your designs. Is there anyone that you hope to dress next? TC: I would love to see some of my OG style crushes wearing our designs—women like Kate Moss, Natalia Vodianova, and Natasha Poly. ES: Do you ever see yourself branching out from headwear? TC: Absolutely. Rob and I have been working on our new clothing brand, I Dream For You, which is due to launch in July/August this year.   ES: What would people be surprised to know about your job? TC: You have to be very dedicated. People may think it’s all fun and photoshoots, or creative endeavors and sending requests to influencers, stylists and celebrities. But it’s a damn lot of hard work, sacrifice, and balance.   ES: Where do you see your brand heading in 2019? TC: We will continue to develop, expand and refine LoC this year in the best ways we know how. We’re always aiming to progress to new goals, and keeping that momentum is important. We would love to work on bringing LoC to more of our customers globally with a string of pop-ups around the world. Stay tuned to see what we get up to, but I will say this—it’s already been a great year. The Louis Vuitton Cruise 2020 collection landed in JFK, New York, the starting point was the theme of the trip, a night trip in the big city. The vision of Nicolas Ghesquière paraded in its maximum expression and presented a collection of past and future, a perfect combination between the historical codes of the house and innovative technologies. Here is all we have to remember about the exceptional show of the French house. The Place At the heart of the TWA Flight Center, located at John F. Kennedy International Airport, and created by architect Eero Saarinen in 1962, Louis Vuitton welcomed its guests to present a cruise collection that forms the very foundation of the house, whose story is built on the joy of discovery and summarizes the exaltation of the game and the returns during which you leave behind a little of yourself and at the same time bring so many things back home. "I was fortunate enough to have landed at the TWA Flight Center in the late 1990s. It's something I can never forget. This place was forgotten for twenty years and now it has come back to life. It's like a sanctuary that has been revived and seeing it enchant again in a different iteration, as a hotel, it's a great pleasure. It is about the rediscovery of an unusual place that nevertheless is part of the American legacy, " said Nicolas Ghesquière. New York as Inspiration Voluminous dresses, leather jackets, and contrast strass, graphic lines... Everything is inspired by the incredible architecture of New York and its imposing skyscrapers. The reliefs of the legendary buildings transformed into sophisticated patterns, ingenious embroideries, and dazzling brocades that describe the elegant outsiders; Acid colors recall the bright light that emerges from New York City from Downtown to Uptown, the Wall Street uniform indulges in poetic transgressions and shaded silhouettes stir the atmosphere of Gotham City. In this tailoring exchange, the most luxurious expression of Louis Vuitton takes advantage of all its resources of savoir-faire and delights with a mixture of emotions and stories in the most cinematic city in the world. Skyline Jackets Louis Vuitton has not forgotten to honor the legendary skyline of the city. To get to New York from the airport, the view from the highway that connects the heart of the city is unmistakable. This iconic view was captured in these iconic jackets in peach, pink and blue. Technology To present its futuristic prototypes of iconic bags, Ghesquière used a new technology of flexible screens, the basis for reconsidering the digital canvas of the future and the connected accessories. A world premiere for Louis Vuitton, who is always looking for a fusion between savoir-faire and innovation. The Eco-Responsible Spirit La maison clearly shows its commitment to the planet, as plants used for staging the parade is primarily offered to several institutions and reused. The other part will be converted into compost. The annual Met Gala was last night to celebrate the launch of the exhibition: Camp: Notes on Fashion. While we are living in a society that is so camp, the theme may have shocked some leading them to shut down. But wow for the girls who turned it out—WOW, what a moment. Scroll down below to see our highlights of the biggest night in fashion. I would be hard pressed to find a show that was more camp than Dynasty. And Alexis Carrington is quintessential camp. Dame Joan Collins in Valentino was a moment we didn't deserve but were blessed with so no complaints here. While Lady Gaga left us for a minute to become a bonafide actress ditching her muppet wear for old Hollywood glamour, she returned to us tonight in four custom Brandon Maxwell looks. Dressed in Christian Siriano, Janelle Monae mastered the whimsical nature of camp. It can be infuriating when guests don't adhere to the theme, but Ezra Miller in custom Burberry truly rose to the occasion. Very Claude Cahun inspired his all-seeing eye makeup was done by Mimi Choi. Diane Von Furstenberg wrote a book called The Woman I Wanted to Be. Diane wanted to be Lady Liberty so she did it. That is the level of self-love I aspire to. Billy Porter carried the team in his gallant Ancient Egyptian the Blonds look. As he was carried by six shirtless men, he was a highlight of the night as he made his Met Gala debut. Regina Hall wanted to pay tribute to Dapper Dan's legacy as she wore him to his first Met Gala. Dan became an icon first in the black community at a time when embracing blackness wasn't initially celebrated by the masses, so it's quite moving to see him getting the praise and reparations he has always deserved. Lizzo brought all of the juice to her first Met Gala red carpet in Marc Jacobs. Ciara, turned it out not once but twice on the Met Gala red carpet. First with her two top buns, and black jumpsuit alongside Big Frieda. Then she came out in this 70's inspired, Diana Ross-esque Emerald masterpiece. Both looks were designed by Peter Dundas. Jeremy Scott whether you like him or not, his entire design aesthetic is rooted in camp. Dressing Tracee Ellis Ross, Katy Perry, Gwen Stefani, and Bella Hadid, his looks were some of the highlights of the night. King of Camp, Mr. Mugler designed for the house of Mugler for the first time in 20 years to dress modern-day princess of camp—Kim Kardashian. Inspired by a Malibu girl coming fresh out of the ocean. Ashton Saunders in Telfar. That's all. It speaks for itself. The forever Queen of Las Vegas and recent fashion darling Celine Dion looked exquisite in Oscar De La Renta. Danai Gurira looked to Oscar Wilde and reimagined Dandyism in this low-plunging black Gabriella Hearst dress and top hat. While the entire Valentino table looked breathtaking, there was something about Naomi in the label that made me fall in love with her all over again. Leslie Grossman drew inspiration from Camp Hall of Famer, Zsa Zsa Gabor. Yeehaw queen Kacey Musgraves, gave us country camp Barbie in pink leather Moschino. Lasttly, a moment of silence for all of the missed Patrick Kelly, Claude Montana, Mugler archive moments. And another for the missed Heatherette, and Baby Phat moments that could have been. Born in Tunisia in 1949, Max Azria moved to Paris during his youth with his family. It is in France that he took his first steps in the world of textiles, founding a company with his brother Serge Azria in Le Sentier, that they sold in 1981 before moving to the United States. In 1989, he launched the high-end ready-to-wear women's brand BCBG Max Azria. He built his fashion empire little by little, giving his main brand a line that he showed at New York Fashion Week while buying brands like Hervé Léger, which he manages to revive in the 2000s, as well as Dorotennis and Manoukian.

Max Azria leaves his management positions within BCBG in 2016, a year before its bankruptcy and takeover by the American group Marquee Brands, which still owns BCBG Max Azria and the BCBGeneration youth line today, despite the closure of many subsidiaries, particularly in France and Japan in 2017. Max Azria then totally changed fields and joined an American company specialized in LED bulbs. He held an executive position there until the end of his life. Not everyone’s mom is as cool as Amy Pohler in a pink Juicy Couture terry cloth track suit holding a Chihuahua (we should all be so lucky). Cool moms do exist though, and they should be celebrated. Whether you’re married to a millennial mother, or you’re a millennial with a cool mother—this May, indulge the woman you know with one of these special treats. This amazing universal moisturizer is suitable for all skin types, and frankly, it’s the only cream that moms of all ages need. Busy parents (even cool ones) look for lasting results; this cream promises that skin stays hydrated for up to 72 hours after use. For a woman with no time to go to the spa, this cream will give her the just-had-a-facial glow, every day. The Essential Moisture Cream, available at Sephora for $150. IT-girls’ favorite brand now makes a show-stopping white marbled acetate and silk handbag—just-in-time for and perfect for the summer. If you’re a daughter, get this for your mom—mostly so that you can share. Marbled Acetate and Silk-Satin Tote, available at Net-A-Porter for $495. Simply put: The musky floral fragrance of the summer will have any woman enchanted—mother or not. Lavender Extreme available at Tom Ford for $815. No mom should live without an air purifier. Newborns, toddlers, and adult kids are exhausting alike. Gift your mom a good night’s sleep and clear, clear sinuses in the morning.
  Hot & Cold Air Purifier, available at Dyson starting at $449. No one can deny: Olivia von Halle makes the most gorgeous sleepwear. Mom-life isn’t exactly always glamorous. All of that can change, however, with the right kimono - and we pick this one. Kimono Robe, available at Olivia von Halle for $475. These European apricot and imported rose flavored broad-spectrum CBD gumdrops are only here until Mother’s Day. The packaging includes a handmade paper flower corsage that your cool mom can attach to her lapel or high ponytail. CBD Gumdrops, Available at Lord Jones for $50. Sleepless nights of motherhood can cause skin greying, dark circles, and overall dullness. After applying a moisturizer, these drops will add a lit-from-within highlight to the skin that can fake even the most exhausted of days. Glow Drops, Available at Molecular Cosmetics for $145. Jacquemus is the designer that everybody can’t stop talking about. Kylie Jenner was just spotted wearing his entire new line on a beach vacation with her daughter. If that doesn’t scream “cool mom," we don’t know what does. Bergamo Leather Sandals, available at Net-A-Porter for $569.49. There’s no better way to document family memories than with the re-released original Polaroid Land Cam. The future will thank you.  SX-70 Original Camera, available at Mint for $369. Gentle Monster and Fendi have joined hands to debut 'Gentle Fendi'—an eyewear capsule collection that fuses the South Korean optical beast's cutting-edge vision with the Italian house's iconic craftsmanship. This exciting new collaboration features two designs, where the first is a metal-acetate sunglasses that surfs the secret-agent trend with the punctuation of a bold Fendi logo, while the other model leans towards a wardrobe essential with a dash of dynamic Fendi and Gentle Monster's "cool kid" appeal. The Gentle Fendi capsule collection is presented with a campaign film produced by Russian artist collective AES+F (@aesplusf), concretising futurism with a grandiose, bizarre interpretation. Set against a classical architecture, models don the Gentle Fendi sunglasses, surrounded by magical creatures and minimal elements. Swipe the gallery to check out the Gentle Fendi campaign produced by AES+F: And because it is a Gentle Monster collaboration we're talking about, which always breaks boundaries when it comes to fashion collabs, the Gentle Fendi project involves a chain of other events including installations at selected Fendi and Gentle Monster boutiques worldwide; a Gentle Fendi Cafè in its home city Seoul; and a partnership with KakaoTalk to launch sticker characters Gennie and Fennie.  The projects will be unveiled along with the launch of Gentle Fendi on 7 May 2019 in Seoul. Stay tuned for more updates on Instagram @gentlemonster and @fendi. Elaborating on their decade and a half long friendship, Ben Stubbington and Robert Geller explain how their fortuitous relationship and collaborative natures led them to where they are today. The collection, which explores life over a ‘96 hour period,’ is meant to generate a greater potential for workability by using a close study of the daily actions of people over the course of 96 hours.  Robert and Ben attempt to take workout technology one step further by working around the clock to make ensure their products are as sensible as they are sleek. Whether it be the diverse palette of colors or fabrics, partners Robert and Ben aimed to create a line of comfortable and accessible athletic wear that doesn’t stray from the integrity of the brand’s fashionable image. Among the many impressive innovations that have come from the collaboration is the sweat technology that the brand developed to avoid the inevitable cold factor that results from sweat accumulation that builds up in workout clothing. L’Officiel USA sat down with Robert and Ben to discuss their latest project. The collection explores your life over a ’96 hour period’. Can you tell me a little bit about this idea lent itself to the product? Ben: When we decided to move forward with this collaboration, Robby and I would meet and chat about what this could look like. We both really liked the idea of examining Robby’s life and taking those ideas to apply to today’s men. What would you need over a 96 hour period in Robby’s life? His life revolves around the idea of the sweat life: balancing his family, his design business, travel and sport. And we wanted to create clothes that would look great when traveling, super comfortable and stylish on plane rides, high performance while playing soccer, or while simply spending time with my family. Through mine and Robby’s shared time together, a theme for this collection arose: “Take the Moment,” highlighting the importance of taking time to reflect within our everyday busy lives.   How did this collaboration come about? What was it about Lululemon that you were drawn to?  Robert: Ben and I met about 15 years ago through a mutual friend in a park in New York City. I was playing soccer and we ended up chatting for a little while and really getting along. A little while after Ben had taken the job at lululemon, we met at a CFDA event and very loosely spoke about the idea of collaborating. And there’s no brand better at creating intentional performance wear to take you through your day than lululemon. Through this partnership, I’ve become fascinated with the versatility of lululemon’s fabric technologies and was excited to infuse this innovation into the collaboration.   The 12-piece collection has a few colors interspersed. How did you choose the color palette?  Robert: I have been developing my color language over the past 15 years of my career and color plays a central role in my work. I wanted this collaboration to be based in that language while addressing the sporty nature of the collaboration. We created a base of grays, mauves and dusty greens and set that against a powerful bright yellow.   Functionality is a big part of the clothes you design. What do you want the customer to take away from this collection? Ben: One of the strongest things about this collection is the connection between style and functionality. We were inspired to create this collection to solve the needs of the modern guy who lives a busy, active life and wants to dress comfortably without sacrificing style. I really love the idea of making clothes that allow you to move through life more comfortably. I believe that clothes today need to perform across a multitude of activities, from the pace of the city to dips in the ocean.  Focusing in on solves like ‘Thermal comfort’ ‘Fast drying’ ‘Anti-Stink’ ‘Waterproof’ and ‘Wrinkle resistance’.   Let’s talk about those PANTS. They’re amazing. What inspired the pattern? They’re reversible? True or false…  Robert: Both Ben and I really like the Wabi-Sabi aesthetic and we worked with the amazing development team to create something really special. The fabric is a non-petroleum bio-based Nylon that we have hand dyed in Japan. This means that every pair is completely unique.   Talk to me a little bit about the fabrics – they’re super advanced.  Ben: Everything about the design of these pieces is intentional and ties to the collection’s theme of “Take the Moment.” For the Take The Moment Collared Long Sleeve and Collared Short Sleeve, we chose a unique Tydal Dye Ripstop DWR Nylon ripstop fabric to provide interesting textures not often found in performance wear, with the custom dye treatment that is extremely hard to achieve, that ensures each piece is one of a kind. But also this fabric is DWR for water-repellency to keep you dry when needed, its lightweight yet durable. In the Take The Moment Short Sleeve and Sleeveless, we chose the Silverescent® Dry Touch Mesh Heather, which contains Silverecent® Technology, to inhibit the growth of odour-causing bacteria in the fabric, while the mesh structure of the fabric makes it highly breathable for even the hottest workouts. The Take The Moment Hooded ½ Zip and Pant feature a textured jacquard-knit Luon® fabric which is soft for post workout and travel, but also sweat-wicking so you don’t get cold after your workout from trapped moisture.  Robert:  One technical aspect that I wanted to mention is the external tape that we have on many pieces. I always admired how cool it looks on the inside of technical garments and we challenged ourselves to keep the functionality while bringing it to the outside of the garments.   If you had to choose a favorite piece from the collection—what would it be? Why?  Robert: For me, it is really difficult. It’s like choosing between your children! Since I have to, I would choose the windbreaker. I have one of the samples and wear it all the time. It is perfect for the days that I go to play soccer and meet my family and friends afterward for lunch. On the colder days, I layer it under my coat and I can’t wait to wear it on my next long flight. It is the perfect easy, do everything jacket. Ben: The Take the Moment Sleeveless, the ‘Dark Shadow’ colorway, The Heather Dark Shadow with Magnum, and Dark Shadow side paneling just work so well. I love the cut with the dropped square armhole.  I normally only wear black but this piece and colorway holds comfort for me I stole an early sample and have worn it to Yoga and a Taryn Toomey class with Robby and its now a staple for me. Wynn Hamlyn is a name you should know. Based in Auckland, New Zealand, the contemporary womenswear label is the eponymous line of designer Wynn Hamlyn. The brand puts importance on sustainability and modern tailoring, celebrating the modern woman and her elegance. Wynn Hamlyn answers our questions about his inspirations and latest collection, which explores the tension between serious tailoring and colorful counterculture.    How did the creation of your label come about? I studied Land Surveying at university and spent time working in the engineering and civil construction sector. I was making my own clothes in university and started following menswear collections, which quickly developed into an obsession with womenswear collections. Taking breaks from my job, I studied fashion for a short time and learned enough basics to formulate a plan about how I would start my label. I went back to work and worked on my collection after hours. I sold my first range to a store in Auckland during my lunch break from work. Tell me about the inspiration behind your latest collection, HALLUCINOGÈNE Behavioural Modification Research. This collection explores the CIA in the 1960s era and looks into the controversial examinations of the US Government’s inquiries into LSD. Classic trench coats, red suiting, and houndstooth cloth inspect the classic hallmarks of bureaucratic uniforms. The touches of print and color show the psychedelic side of this story. What begins with spies and science experiments for War potential soon becomes the ultimate trigger for what is the catalyst of the free love movement in the ’70s. I was really interested in this narrative because of how it traverses between two worlds: The secretive and deceptive versus the expansive and free. The word HALLUCINOGÈNE translated literally means mind-blowing.  What’s your favorite decade for fashion?  Right now—the 2000s   Does your native New Zealand influence your designs? Living in NZ generates innovation as we are so remote from the hub of the global industry. As well as that our island mentality gives us a sense of practicality. This filters into the collections and makes the clothes so wearable. How do you do your part for the environment as a designer? As a brand, our sustainability efforts first and foremost begin with transparency. We believe that the first step towards sustainability should always be to be 100% transparent about where garments are made and what they are made from. Other sustainability efforts include being New Zealand-made. When we make our garments here, we can have meaningful relationships with our makers, and ensure that no one is being exploited or unfairly treated.  By working as much as we can with local businesses, we really want to support, strengthen and re-invigorate our makers and their specialized skill sets. You’ve started expanding the brand internationally, what can we expect from you in the coming year? Sustainably growing into the northern hemisphere is our goal. We would love to see Wynn Hamlyn in the US and in Europe.   Describe your aesthetic in three words. Refined, progressive and crafted. Hedi Slimane came in with a bang when he debuted his Spring 2019 collection for CELINE. Polarizing his audience, and inspiring Instagram accounts dedicated to the "old" Celine. However, what’s making noise now, is the availability of his collaboration with a fellow music aficionado, American/Swiss artist Christian Marclay. A loud, capsule inspired by vintage comic books. Record executive and critic, Tim Carr described the artist work as one that is “the art of unintended sound." Cutting up different vinyls and restitching them into completely new records, Marclay’s practice is based on the manipulation of sound. Marclay an early lover of punk music acquired his interest in sound through performance art, see his 19883 Record Player. His 1995 “Telephones” is a 24-hour masterpiece of film clips featuring people answering the phone and communicating with one another. His 2000, performance art piece “Guitar Drag” captured a man strapping an electric guitar to the back of a pickup truck and dragging it in the middle of an open road. While it focused on the scratching sound the guitar made, it was also symbolic of the death of 49-year-old James Byrd Jr., a black man who was dragged to death by a pickup truck at the hands of three white supremacists. The collection certainly doesn’t whisper it screams with Marclay’s onomatopoeic collages, and artwork appearing on denim jackets, tee shirts, and bags to name a handful of what has been created. Our favorite is the embellished kimono. Shop below to see L'Officiel USA's favorite picks. Peacocking is making a comeback and this standout rainbow embroidered Kimono will make sure you stand out from the flock. Embroidered Kimono Jacket In Wool Crepe Christian Marclay 'BRAAOWN', $19,100 available at CELINE   Rock out, with your Christian Marclay top out! This white kimono sleeve "Kabloosh" top can be dressed up or down- looking especially chic with the other jackets in the collection. Women's Kimono Sleeve T-Shirt printed in Jersey, Christian Marclay 'Kabloosh', $590 available at CELINE Beep beep, who’s got the pin of the week-?! CELINE. Feel Supa Dupa Fly in this black and gold enamel brooch. Christian Marclay 'BEEP' in Enamel, Crystal and brass with gold finish, $560 available at CELINE Slip into this summertime ready shoe, while you sit back and sip on a Moscow Mule. This cotton, comic book inspired shoe is great for the office or a Surf and Turf cookout. Men’s mule Celine Elliot In Christian Marclay 'AAAAAHHH' printed canvas, $530 available at CELINE Michelle Pfeiffer spots you—her cool rider, wearing this classic, luxe “Zzhaa Zow” peak collar leather calfskin jacket. A classic cut, with Marclay's standout patch, makes it the investment piece of your dreams. Men's - Classic Biker In Calfskin with CHRISTIAN MARCLAY 'ZZHAA ZOW' patch, $5,400 USD available at CELINE Photography by Luke Abby The L'Officiel USA Coachella bash welcomed good vibes, great food and an abundance of chic, knockout outfits. The event's venue was an expansive Moroccan-esque estate where individuals were free to gather under shaded bungalows or cool off in the glistening pool all while the British singer Ama Lou serenaded the crowds.  Long lines and crowded spaces are the norm at this music festival, but the partnership between L'Officiel and Sunset Studios provided something different. It was an escape and reprieve from the frenzy while still being an energetic and popular event. Guests sipped on Tito's passionfruit cocktails and chilled out with Beboe cannabis pens. As the event continued, singer Col3trane presented his new song "Superpowers."  Guests were in full fashion force with knit sets, dual prints, and gold accessories among other eye-catching looks. Luckily for all who missed it and those who want to reminisce, photographer Luke Abby was able to capture some of our favorite moments.  Animal prints have been all the rage since the 80s, but they have made a major comeback over the past few seasons. Each time they appear a chic outfit, the feeling of newness and excitement floods in, especially when two prints mix to create a fearless aesthetic. A mix of patterns presents a talking point, a moment to embrace the crazy and colorful frenzy with an air of confidence.  Sometimes it's more interesting to let the accessories speak for the outfit. Details matter. It's the little things that make people ask questions and notice. Iconic fashion designer, Yves Saint Laurent recognizes the importance of accessories stating how a classic black outfit can be ever-changing when accessories are interchanged.  An internationally renowned festival is a melting pot of ideas and differing opinions, making it the perfect place to adopt a new perspective. And what better vehicle to start these important conversations than a graphic t-shirt? Make the message stand out by wearing all one color.  Everyone who partakes in swimming or sunbathing should have the black tux of bathing suits. It is classic. It's safe. It goes with anything. You can wear the swim shorts solo as photographed or can pair them with a patterned shirt to jazz up the look.  In case you haven't heard, contrasting textures are in. Monochrome looks are cool, but can sometimes be a little boring, so having visual texture is a statement. In art and nature, different textures add depth to a piece. Consider your outfit a work of art and use those daring tendencies.  Thanks to Kim K, neon is back on all of our radars. This shirt features a loose-fitting fabric, which is perfect for surviving the desert of Indio Valley, and it proves that not all outfits need a pattern to make a statement. Let the color shine bright.  From adorning rainbow crosses on the vestments of Pope John Paul II in 1997 to dressing Lady Gaga in her notorious Kermit the Frog number in 2009, French designer Jean-Charles de Castelbajac holds the crown for being the king of camp, he is even presenting designs in this year’s costume exhibition at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. His use of color, pop-culture motifs and irony have made him relevant in the fashion industry since his beginnings in the 1970s through the present day, and we cannot get enough of his fashion madness. Currently, not only is JCC the artistic director of United Colors of Benetton but he has also collaborated with long beloved luxury swimwear brand, Vilebrequin to produce a collaborative capsule collection. The collection–which is available now both online and at his pop-up at The Webster in SoHo–consists of both swimwear and ready-to-wear pieces for both men and women. The designer has revolutionized the bikini, adding sporty layers to its classically fragile silhouette and adding his signature and colorful touches to the rest of the vacation-wear we love. We sat down with Jean-Charles de Castelbajac at The Crosby Street Hotel to discuss this successful collaboration as well as his thoughts on both the upcoming Met Gala as well as the future of fashion in general.   ELLA SNYDER:  This collaboration has been widely anticipated since it was announced in Autumn, what are you most excited for with the launch of this capsule collection? JEAN-CHARLES DE CASTELBAJAC: This collaboration was really an exciting challenge because Vilebrequin, as it sounds, was not such a feminine name; it was historically and iconically a masculine universe. I always loved the idea of bringing one universe to another and so the challenge was to bring this feminine touch into Vilebrequin’s masculine universe. I started in fashion such a long time ago in the seventies and Vilebrequin started around the same time so it was really interesting and challenging to combine our ideas. And also the territory of bathing suits is something that I'm not very familiar with. I have invented quilted coats and big ski clothes and very sportswear things so this was a big adventure for me.   ES: Tell me a little bit about the design process for this collection. JCC: There were two things. The first was to look to the DNA of the brand. Vilebrequin was created in Saint Tropez in the seventies, based on this love story where the guy wants to dress differently to seduce a girl. The other thing was to go on the market and see what kind of bathing suits had already been done. The bathing suits that I had seen all over were exotic, feminine, all very minimalist and very sporty. And my vision (for the collection) referred to a life experience I had in the seventies with Farrah Fawcett when she asked me to do the clothes for her Charlie's Angels. It was the idea of creating a powerful woman who doesn't feel fragile being in a bathing suit on the beach and also to be inventive. I wanted to do a new bikini, so I did a "quadrikini." It's a kind of combination because you have the color underneath and the small bikini on top. The process was really encouraging and very creative because the brand was very ready for that revolution, and i didn't want to do just another collection, this was to put down the base for the future and I am very happy with the result.   ES: What characteristics of French style are you and Vilebrequin bringing to the customers of this collection? JCC: You know, I think the main characteristic of French style is that you can do something extravagant, something eccentric but still be chic. It always has to be chic. My priority is always to balance the clothes. They can be classic looking, but suddenly it becomes rock and roll. It's the duality between sport and chic, and glamour and sport; that's French.   ES: Can you tell us a little bit about the pop-up store that you're having at The Webster? JCC: I love The Webster. Today, if you have a store, it has to have the four E's: the emotion, the experience, the ecology and most often the E of e-commerce. In my generation, it was the four P's: produce, price, positioning, and power. But I've invented the four E's and The Webster is a place with all four E's. You have an experience there. My son is a designer too and he was already selling at The Webster way before me.   ES: So what can we expect to experience when visiting the pop-up? JCC: You know, my collection is like a playground, I want to bring back the freshness of the postmodernity of the seventies. When we were thinking about utopia without being retro, and everything was about living an experience or to play or to have a competition between the way you wear the clothes. I hope customers can have that experience at the store.   ES: You're known for the vibrancy of your clothes, did you have to change your approach in any way when working with Vilebrequin? JCC: No, Vilebrequin had to change their approach. To be a designer is not a democracy. I am a dictator. If you want to work with me, you know what you're going to get. Unless you go to Virgil Abloh or to JW Anderson where you will find something else, but my style is very precise. I want this big hat with the rainbow, I want all these accessories and I made the Vilebrequin bag much bigger... that's the way.   ES: You’ve appropriated motifs from Mondrian paintings in a few of your works, what other artistic movements are you influenced by? JCC: Surrealism. Marcel Duchamp's Readymades. I would say that and very much also hijacking. When I made the first ever snoopy sweaters for Iceberg, nobody had done that and it was so shocking. I was not paying any copyright for seven years because I invented the process you know? When I was doing Mickey Mouse in the eighties I created this whole system of collaboration. My inspiration is all over, I am a magnet. Some designers are like a sponge, I am just a magnet.   ES: A lot of your designs have borrowed from elements of camp, which as you know is the theme of the Met Gala this year. What can we expect to see from you with this year's event and exhibition? JCC: You know, my life is camp. My first jacket when I was 18 was done with little cherries that I sewed together, and all through my life I was one of the major leaders of this camp movement. I didn't even know until recently that it was called camp, it was just me. After that, many people joined my movement but there were never a thousand of us. It was Franco Moschino when he was alive, and me. We were not so many. What I like in camp is what I like in pop, it looks smiley, it looks fresh, it looks funny and ironic yet inside it says very important things about society. If I could link it to an attitude I would link it to the dandy. Nobody can improvise himself as a dandy, and today camp is a la mode. Everybody is campy. Everybody is doing teddy bears, everybody is doing cartoons, everybody is doing irony. So, I think it’s not about what I am excited to see at the event, it’s what comes after that I am excited about. After camp there is life and the next thing after camp is to transform all those trends into democracy. How can we do clothes for kids in today's world of instant satisfaction? I find for the younger generation, that I have the responsibility to create a new kind of clothes that are creative, with good quality and are very affordable. This is my next revolution. Next summer I will have a ten euro t-shirt with very good design. I just don't want to be like anyone else.   ES: If you could create a Jean-Charles de Castelbajac world, what would a visit entail? What would we see there? JCC: I always say that this is a bit of what I'm living today at Benetton. I have all the power over the windows and displays, the power of creating a world. At first, the world I wanted to create is a world where color is a priority. But a Castelbajac world would be a world where we transform all of the difficulties of today. It would be more social. Our world is in a huge crisis. When I see Notre-Dame, when I see the crisis of my country, when I see the social difference between people, that’s what would be different. In my world, style is linked to democracy and you can play with things, and I'm building it today with Vilebrequin and my other projects. Step by step I'm laying the groundwork for this new world.   ES: You've experimented with stuffed animals, cloud print, rainbows, and so much more. Is there anything that you are hoping to experiment with next? JCC: What I just did with Vilebrequin was really an experiment. I have always been a very creative designer, but my focus was never so much on the body. I was more preoccupied with inventing than I was with dressing. All my life, art [has] inspired my fashion. Today, my art is inspired by fashion. It's all about design and how to dress. I've been surprised by myself in the Vilebrequin collection, our introduction of the pink color that I had never used in my life, how I wanted to start making little dresses, how I did tight things and introduced décolleté. So I think in my life, Vilebrequin will be the signal of a new attitude. It's a big step. In the future, I want to create a very feminine collection, to invent a chic and sporty feminine attitude because the frontier of femininity today is evolutionary. Photography courtesy DEERDANA We can all remember the elementary school art projects we did for Earth Day. Often drawing lobsided planets in crayon or a happy woodland forest with a slogan like “Save the Earth” and then suddenly forgetting about it by recess. But as headlines of endangered species becoming extinct become more commonplace and debate surrounding climate change and a New Green Deal run rampant, it is vital that we truly make every day Earth Day. Dana Veraldi of DEERDANA has been a long environmental activist and lover of the Earth. Her mother, a science teacher exposed her to recycling and the environment as a child. If you haven’t picked up one of DEERDANA’s sought after illustrated tees, you have probably picked up one of their products done in collaboration with La Mer, Reformation or Madewell. And for this Earth Day, DEERDANA has created a 100% recycled cotton hoodie and a tote bag made of recycled canvas) to celebrate mothers, and the original “MUTHA”, Mother Earth. L’Officiel USA spoke with Veraldi about her impending collection and her environmental roots.   TREY GASKIN: When did you start illustrating? DANA VERALDI:  I started drawing as a child but I got more interested in drawing in high school, The Shipley School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. I had really encouraging art teachers—Mr. Baris and Ms. Wagner—who gave me confidence and inspired my journey to be an artist.   TG: As a design collective, what challenges did you face starting out? DV: I started DEERDANA as a hobby after graduating from college and always had side jobs so I never put too much pressure on my company but instead let it grow organically. Through my side jobs (as a stylist assistant, event planner, creative consultant to large fashion houses) I learned a lot that I was able to then apply to my own company. The biggest challenge was time management and learning to trust other people to print my work once the sales became large enough that I couldn't print everything myself! TG: Growing up were you very much one with nature?  DV: Growing up with a science teacher for a mother we learned about recycling, farming, and animals as young children. I loved to play outside, go to parks and visit nearby farm animals regularly.   TG: Do you have any favorite parks, retreats, gardens, etc…?  DV: My favorite farm to visit outside of NYC is Alstede Farm in Chester, NJ. I went last weekend and they had newborn baby black ducks which were the cutest thing I've ever seen. I also had the honor of naming a newborn baby goat and sheep! In LA I love the Westridge Trailhead Mandeville Canyon hike in Brentwood—once you reach the peak there are beautiful views of the west side, Santa Monica mountains, and the ocean! I also recently visited The Gentle Barn in Santa Clarita, CA which provides retired or abused farm animals with the most caring home. I highly recommend visiting!   TG: This isn’t your first time doing a piece of clothing dedicated to Mother Nature.  DV: Can you tell me a little bit about the design? The drawing of the earth was inspired by a photo on the cover of the Whole Earth Catalog from 1968 showing the earth as seen from outer space. The text on the sleeves (LOVE YOUR MOTHER / RESPECT YOUR MOTHER) is meant to be for all mothers out there including mother earth. TG: We’ve seen brands make efforts recently to include their activism in their messaging. Has this always been important to you? DV:  Yes, I often tie in charitable components in my designs and I love the idea of a message being spread through apparel.   TG: What do you next want to achieve with DEERDANA?  DV: I would love to do a project with a home brand and expand my children's clothes! Shop the collection now at DEERDANA.     On many levels, Beauty for Freedom’s new campaign is making waves in the world of social justice. The non-profit organization has been using the arts to empower survivors of and bring awareness to human trafficking since 2014. This year, for Sexual Assault Awareness Month and Denim Day, they’ve collaborated with High School of Fashion Industries, Celestino Couture, and Steps to End Family Violence to create an astounding campaign starring LGBTQIA+ advocates, models, actors, activists and survivors of sexual assault. The campaign features garments made out of recycled denim that was donated by the Rialto Jean Project and hand-painted by young survivors of labor trafficking and at-risk youth through Beauty for Freedom’s summer art therapy program with Challenging Heights in Ghana, West Africa. The garments were constructed by students at New York’s High School of Fashion Industries with the help of Celestino Couture. Apart from the clothing being ethically sourced and produced, they’re also incredibly chic. The campaign stars L'Officiel USA digital cover star Indya Moore, Corinna Drengk, Carlina Rivera, Gina Cavallo, Zazie Beetz, Shannon King, Lee Upshur, Khrystyana Kazakova, and Wade Davis and everyone featured shared their personal connections to the cause. And with Denim Day just around the corner (April 24th, 2019), the collection will be for sale by Beauty for Freedom via their website with 100% of the proceeds benefiting Challenging Heights, Beauty for Freedom and Denim Day. Being charitable has never been so chic. Following a whimsical, Alice in Wonderland-inspired holiday campaign, Tiffany & Co. is taking a fresh and fuss-free approach for Spring/Summer 2019. Lensed by Craig McDean, the jewellery brand's new campaign is centred on self expression and features Kendall Jenner, Carolyn Murphy, Imaan Hammam, Mica Argañaraz and Fei Fei Sun expressing that sense of authenticity.  The models are captured on set in a series of candid photographs as they interact with unexpected items in the shade of Tiffany Blue®, such as a ping-pong set or a scarf. Even more distinctive are the pieces from the Tiffany T collection worn by the cast, such as bracelets, earrings and stacking rings. If anything, the campaign makes a strong case for the everyday wearability of the sophisticated accessories. Discover the campaign below. This morning, the Council of Fashion Designers of America announced Jennifer Lopez as this year’s recipient of the Fashion Icon award at the 2019 CFDA Awards. The multidisciplinary joins the ranks of Naomi Campbell, Pharrell, and Rihanna in receiving this honor. Lopez will be the last Fashion Icon named under current CFDA Diane Von Furstenberg before she is succeeded by Tom Ford. From a Fly Girl to Vogue cover star, Lopez has cemented her mark as a style icon by embracing the world of high fashion while remaining authentic to her Bronx roots. Lopez’s status as a pop culture phenomenon is unquestionable. She became the first person to have a number one film and album at the same time, was once one half of the now infamous “Bennifer” and before Kim Kardashian made headlines for her backside, JLO’s was so famous that rumors circulated for almost a decade that it was insured for 10 million dollars. At the start of the new millennium, Lopez became the catalyst for Google to create what we now know as Google Images according to their Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt. Her green low plunging Spring Summer 2000 Versace dress that she famously wore to the 2000s Grammys got so many searches that the company decided to create an avenue solely for imagery. Lopez has counted Donatella Versace as a close friend since the 1999 Met Gala and continues to be one of the most frequent wearers of the brand on red carpets. While we have seen Lopez evolve into this glamorous red carpet fixture, often championing designers: Valentino, Marchesa, Elie Saab, Giambattista Valli, the singer alongside Lil Kim and Kimora Lee Simmons was a pioneer in popularizing the ghetto fabulous aesthetic. Who could forget her pink Juicy Couture skirt and hoodie in the “I’m Real (Remix) ft. Ja Rule”? Or her all cream skully cap, tank top, and low rise cargo capris in “Jenny From the Block”? Her relationship with Sean Combs saw the starlet wearing a lot of Sean John (see her all-white bedazzled Sean John ensemble at the VMA’s in 2000), and if there was a puffer coat with a fur-lined trim, it wouldn’t be rare to see JLO rocking on with a midriff top underneath. Accessories were meant to be ostentatious, the more thick enamel gold bangles, nameplates and hoop earrings the merrier. Lopez’s own forays into the fashion industry, including collaborations with GUESS, Giuseppe Zanotti, Kohl’s and her recently announced a collaboration with QUAY eyewear with her now, fiance, Alex Rodriguez highlights her ability to be both inspirational and aspirational. Kolb, President and CEO of the CFDA said of Lopez “Jennifer Lopez’s style is bold, uninhibited, and always memorable.” We certainly agree. Catch the CFDA Awards on June 3, held at the Brooklyn Museum. Lopez will also be a part of the 2019’s Met Gala Committee, for the exhibition, "CAMP: Notes on Fashion." Photography by Lucas Chanoine for 13 Bonaparte  13 Bonaparte’s latest collection is all about the denim blues—but don’t forget the grays, whites, and blacks. The label is known to present an annual project called “Le Denim,” which consists of both a collection and an artistic collaboration. This year, David Sarfati, the brand’s creator and artistic director, tapped emerging young photographer Lucas Chanoine to capture the looks, which were modeled by a cast of Parisian students on location in the City of Love. The line features overdyed denim styles in understated shades like dark gray, ivory, navy and sky blue, along with classic black, stone washes and indigo finishes. The designs were inspired by both the urban and natural elements of Paris while keeping with 13 Bonaparte’s contemporary take on skirts, signature false collars, and five-pocket pants. Sarfati’s trademark aesthetic comes from his years working first as an assistant at a New York City-based branding and packaging design studio, and later at a Parisian department store. The skills he learned at these points in his career helped inform his vision for what 13 Bonaparte would become when it launched in 2011. Ahead, Sarfati shares with us his creative thinking behind the brand’s latest Le Denim line and the aspects of his life that influence his distinctive design perspective. What inspired you to cast Parisian students as models for this campaign? Since the beginning of the brand, street casting has always been a fundamental part of my aesthetic vision for 13 Bonaparte and as this photographic project was both about expressing the universality of denim and the reality of the Parisian landscape, it made sense to work with students in their natural urban environment.   What did Lucas Chanoine’s vision bring to this portrait series? In this photographic series, Lucas uses his eye as a young Parisian photographer to capture other young Parisians. It definitely creates a natural intimacy between him and the subject.   Can you tell me about the design process behind this collection? My approach for Le Denim is based on reinterpreting the universal nature of denim into wearable, functional and versatile pieces with signature design details of the brand’s wardrobe such as the false collar, visible stitching, and graphic pockets. With this new collection, we also started experimenting with colors, creating subtle shades through over-dyeing techniques.   How did you go about incorporating the urban and nature references inspired by Paris into the collection? Quite simply by envisioning denim as the ultimate urban uniform and by creating a subtle color palette that reflects the shades of the architecture and natural elements in the city.   When creating this denim line, who did you envision wearing these pieces? For people passionate about this fabric, particularly urban creative types who like to create their own personal uniform. What role does denim play in your life? Like many people, I wear denim often, if not every day.    What is your creative philosophy? Like the Le Denim collection, it’s about creating pieces that defy seasonal boundaries. Producing designs that combine allure, function and comfort, and which are consistently evolving over time.   Where do you like to go in Paris to fuel your creativity? I actually feel a big part of my creativity through exchanging with my customers at our Paris flagship in the Haut-Marais. And it’s not only about clothes, but also design, architecture, art, and photography.   Are there any aspects of your time living in New York that influence your design approach? Definitely, the energy of the street and the cosmopolitan atmosphere of the city had a big impact on me. The people of New York, their creativity and freedom inspire me.    What’s next for 13 Bonaparte? 13 Bonaparte will be introducing the brand’s first collection of accessories in the coming months. Beyond that, plans for a full womenswear wardrobe are in process Armed with a unique aesthetic and flair for the culturally dramatic, Nigora Tabayer is an up-and-coming jewelry designer. She launched her namesake brand and debut fine jewelry collection, Eye, at the high-profile Paris Fashion Week with a retinue of VIP guests, friends, and global models Caroline Vreeland and Coco Rocha. We spoke to Ms. Tabayer to understand more about her eponymous brand. Just how big an influence were your parents in shaping your design perspectives? My parents were a huge influence in shaping my design perspectives. They were both very creative, so I guess you could say it’s in my DNA. As a young person, I would spend time watching my mom work on her designs and I was constantly exposed to creative people who were creating beautiful things. Of course, as an architect, my dad was always sketching. They were definitely very encouraging of the arts, but they didn’t force me into it; they were open to letting me pursue my own path. Initially, that was business management, in which I have a degree. But that was not my passion and I didn’t love it. I loved designing, and so I ultimately decided that I needed to follow my passion.   Did you receive any formal training in jewelry or accessory design? (After all, talisman jewels are not a unique idea but your execution is remarkable) As the expression goes, it’s just in my blood, so no, I didn’t receive any formal training. I grew up in central Asia, but I also travel a lot. I’m exposed to beautiful things that inspire me everywhere I go. And when I was young, my mom would put an eye on me everywhere I went to protect me. That’s what inspired my first design, which I did for myself. My pieces are definitely luxury pieces, but it’s more than that. Everything I create is fine jewelry that has meaning.   You mentioned that a big source of inspiration was your mother’s jewelry collection, can you share what some of the crucial pieces have shaped the unique aesthetics of your own namesake collection? I wouldn’t say there were only one or two pieces. I just love jewelry in general. I love going to and being a part of shows. It’s my passion. Growing up, I remember my mom had so many beautiful pieces that I couldn’t wait to wear. There were earrings and diamond bracelets. I was always drawn to the pieces that had more design rather than those that centered on the stone. The “Evil Eye” is named frequently as a design motif for you, was that largely inspired by your own cultural experiences in Central Asia? Yes, that’s definitely the source of the inspiration. The eye has become more universally known now, so you’ll see it throughout the world and not only in Central Asia. It’s a very positive, protective symbol, which is why I love it so much.   What was your first real piece of jewelry? My very first creation was a piece I designed for myself. It was a pendant with an eye – my initial N and the eye. I still have it and wear it all the time.   Emeralds and diamonds feature very strongly in your collections, are these your favorite stones? To me, all stones are special and have special meaning. I love them. So I’m always looking to make something beautiful with any type of stone. Often it’s an emerald or a sapphire or a diamond because they fit with the idea and the design, but it doesn’t have to be. If a customer wants a different stone—one that has a meaning to them—then I work with them. Stones of every kind are very special.   As an upcoming designer, what was it like preparing for Paris Fashion Week? It was so much fun. I love meeting new people. It was an incredible experience and it was very special to me.   Lastly, what wisdom can you impart to other aspiring designers hoping to debut in Paris? Have patience. Follow your heart and follow your dreams 100 percent. It’s not always an easy thing to come by, but it’s so rewarding. So if I had one piece of advice, it would be to never stop trying and never stop pushing. Shop The Eye collection here. This story first appeared on LUXUO.  Chris Leba founded the ready-to-wear brand, R13 in 2009. Since then, the company has had the goal to create luxury basics that recall the rebellious spirit of America's history. Yet, there has never been a US storefront for the fashion house– that is, until now. The new flagship R13 store, located at 34 Howard Street in SoHo, New York, is here to stay. The retail space takes customers on a journey through endless contradictions. The space is elevated, yet has a raw edge aligned with the brand's DNA. Leba took a minimalist approach to his design work, incorporating exposed brick and concrete into the space. In addition, five modular racks are installed on the opposing side of the store that feature LED screens with flashing imagery. Check out a sneak peak of what’s in store in the images below. Several styles that customers have been lusting over are housed in the store's sleek New York-style setting. We heard from the designer himself, and this is what he had to say about his newest accomplishment: "The reason why I decided to open up a retail store in Soho is because I wanted to create an innovative shopping experience for customers… I'm most excited to see the glass door installed in the rear of the store later this summer, and I can't wait to see our customers’ reactions as they access the garden in the back. They will experience what we call at R13 endless contradictions." If you’re looking for somewhere to spend your tax return, this might just be the place.   Louis Vuitton has inaugurated its “New Classics” collection of bags with an equally cool campaign, featuring brand ambassadors Emma Stone, Alicia Vikander and Léa Seydoux. The captivating actresses were shot by the legendary Craig McDean, in a campaign meant to celebrate the relationship between women and their bags. The house chose these three actresses because they are all at the forefront of their art, and represent the strong woman of today. The timeless bags act as the perfect companion to their contemporary lifestyles. Emma Stone shows off the Capucines bag, an elegant and classic shape, made current by its bright hue. Its removable strap renders it convenient for any scenario the day holds. Alicia Vikander carries the Twist, whose clasp which features a functional modern “twist” on Louis Vuitton’s logo. Meanwhile, Léa Seydoux showcases a contemporary spin on the 1976 Monogram classic, the Dauphine bag, which boasts a mix of Monogram canvas, rich leather, and gold hardware. The campaign will also include a series of lively films featuring the actresses. Check one of them out below.    Lady Dior's handbag is a timeless statement piece that only appreciates in value over time.  Of course, we have seen the iconic bag carried by celebrities and fashion lovers everywhere, but it was not until we understood the craftsmanship that went into making the bag that we fully fell in love with it.  So, we have come to you with some of the secrets of making this distinctive bag that many women around the world love, to better understand the persission with which the bag is made and the great effort that the craftman put in to make the result so dazzling. First, select the finest quality leather, according to the Dior strict selection rules. The second step is to perfect the knitting process and then check the accuracy of the knitting to ensure that it is completely free of defects.  Finally, all pieces are assembled.  The wooden forms were manufactured with the utmost precision according to the required size.  The result is a masterpiece that is incomparable in its beauty and splendor. Watch the video to explore the exact steps of manufacturing and view the following photo gallery. Source of images and video: Dior As you might expect, Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Russia in Moscow is a flashy and brassy affair. The bulk of the shows happen by the Kremlin, at an old stone Neoclassical arcade amidst the city's bustling historic section. By the end of each day, the space is shaking to the bass of loud electronic music, overcrowded with champagne-sippers. Runways are full of caftans, big shoulders, and bold prints and colors, much of it “Fashion” with a capital F. But, as is almost always true in life, the real energy is with those who skirt the conventional wisdom. Take Alena Akhmadullina, who easily had one of the best collections of the week: her exhibition was something out of a Wes Anderson film, with a collection of delicate, jewel-toned furs and leathers, inspired by a Russian fairytale, debuting within an industrial space festooned with red autumn leaves. The youth also had shining moments: Darya Tsapko is only 21, still showing as part of an umbrella of emerging talent, but she made one of the most fun, zeitgeisty, and truly wearable statements of the season. It was a Russian take on normcore and streetwear, worn on the runway with Crocs and flower-filled mesh grocery bags. Here, we asked six of the most impressive designers how they arrived at their visions. Translated with assistance from Olya Kravchenko Describe your design process in three words.. What I love. How would you define Moscow style? Decisively decorative. Who is your most important style icon? Tilda Swinton, as the main character in Orlando. The collection is traditionally inspired by fairytale, this time a Russian one, named “Fox and Cat”. What music do you listen to the in the studio? ABC Lounge Radio. What’s cool about being young and creative in Moscow right now? The energy of the city makes you move forward, and become better and better every day. Describe your design process in three words. Fast, comfortable, and recycled/sustainable. How would you define Moscow style? Now you can wear everything. Absolute freedom. Who is your most important style icon? Maybe my mom. I’ve never seen style like this. She mixes so many different styles everyday—and I steal her clothes, of course. What music do you listen to the in the studio? ‘80s New Wave pop. What’s cool about being young and creative in Moscow right now? Freedom and new horizons. You can do whatever you want and it will be cool. Describe your design process in three words. Self-motivation, time management, caffeine. How would you define the Moscow style? Moscow is a huge city with people from various cultures, with different ethical norms, financial opportunities, and freedom of expression. In one space, you can meet both people who are obsessed with brands and those who wear the clothes of their grannies from the ’80s. I like that more and more people are starting to combine all sorts of things—haute couture and things from flea markets, vintage and mass-market. Who is your most important style icon? I try not to create idols for myself. For this collection, it all started when I found a stunning vintage motorcycle suit the size of a 15-year-old guy in one of the markets in Florence. It set the entire direction. I studied the moods of the youth of the post-Soviet period, and I was listening to the legendary song by Victor Tsoy, “Changes.” The collection is one big story about a free, rebellious spirit, about brave young hearts demanding change. I used a lot of different leather, Italian wool, plastic, nylon, materials that at first glance do not match, but in this collection they perfectly complement each other. What music do you listen to the in the studio? Silence. The primary stage of creating an idea is that moment when I need to focus, concentrate on words that I want to say and how they should be heard. Usually all this happens at night in silence. When the process of implementing ideas begins, jugglers and circus acrobats can run around me, yet there is little that can distract me. What's cool about being living and being in Moscow now? Moscow is my hometown, my place of power and inspiration. Moscow is difficult to identify and comprehend, which in my opinion is a sign of a living pulsating city. All these contrasts and inconsistencies keep me in a creative mode and mood. Describe your design process in three words. Innovation, liberty, independence. How would you define Moscow style? I think it’s a crazy mix because Moscow is a center of many cultures. Who is your most important style icon? Russian culture, and this collection in particular, by a Russian poet, Alexander Vertinsky. He was a decadence poet, his style was romantic but dark. Very Russian. His poems made a celebration out of sadness, and I want my collections to that. It’s the idea of the sad clown. What music do you listen to the in the studio? Classical, Russian composers. Tchaikovsky. Stravinsky. It helps me relax. What’s cool about being young and creative in Moscow right now? I think we have a new Moscow. There used to be one view on style, and now there seems to be so many. Describe your design process in three words. Love, life, and inspiration everywhere. How would you define Moscow style? Brave. Who is your most important style icon? Vivienne Westwood. She’s crazy in a good way. She’s so brave, she’s so free, and she does what she wants. She’s real. I don’t necessarily consider myself a punk—just free, like her. What music do you listen to the in the studio? Classical music. Pagnini. The music is so free and crazy—you can’t even imagine how it was written. What’s cool about being young and creative in Moscow right now? I think I appreciate how much Moscow is about the future. It’s really about never being afraid of anything. It’s a really good place for fashion right now. Describe your design process in three words. Thoughtfulness and hard work. How would you define Moscow style? Poor, but not in the bad sense of this word. It’s all about the underground. Who is your most important style icon? K-pop idols. The group Got7. But for the collection, the clothes were designed with illustrations I made inspired by the films of the great Russian director Leonid Gaidai. His movies are so simple. What music do you listen to the in the studio? K-pop! What’s cool about being young and creative in Moscow right now? It’s still developing, so anything feels possible here. You can broaden your mind in any way that you want. Hermès is increasing its New York presence. The legendary French brand just opened a new location, its 36th, in Manhattan’s Meatpacking District – just steps away from the Chelsea Highline. The store’s iconic layout and modern design seeks to embrace the urban, energetic downtown mentality and reaffirm the brand’s confidence in their U.S. clientele. The fashion house’s relationship with the United States dates back to the early 1930s, when Hermès opened their first store in Manhattan, and the brand is excited to connect with that same urban vitality in their new location. Located at 46 Gansevoort Street, the new boutique is a tanned-brick behemoth with symmetrical windows outlined in black. The large, black awning beckons passersby to venture in through the glass doors. Once inside, the significant artistic detail will instantly captivate. The earthy tile mosaic draws connections to the brand’s roots, as it is actually from the original Hermès store in Paris. The wood used on the walls and furniture is sandblasted to match the neighborhood’s industrial feel. The first floor is home to the silks, ties, leather goods, fashion accessories, and perfumes. A significant staircase breaks up the sea of high-end products and leads visitors to the second level, which hosts ready-to-wear men’s and women’s fashion, timepieces, and sophisticated home items. All of the luxurious items rest under a wide skylight that welcomes natural warmth. Time spent at Hermès is an experience that spans far beyond the average shopping trip. It is a world of its own and moments spent with the brand are significant, meaningful, and precious. With its lively, accessible projection of iconic French style, the new Hermès boutique is right at home in today’s New York. Hermès’ new Meatpacking district boutique is open Tuesday to Sunday from 11:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Even if you haven't heard of Valérie Messika, you've probably seen her work. After growing up and starting out with her father's diamond trading business, the jewelry designer launched her brand Messika in 2005, aiming to bring together a love for contemporary style with what she learned from traveling around the world. She started with her now-signature Move line, a collection of minimalist pieces with a three-diamond sparkle, and the brand has grown to be a favorite of both the entertainment and fashion worlds. Messika's goal is to create contemporary diamond pieces for women to actually work into regular looks, and contributing to this wearable aesthetic, celebrities work her iconic bracelets and earrings into red carpets and social media posts galore. This year's awards season alone has been major, with stars including Lady Gaga, Cardi B, and Lupita Nyong'o rocked stunning hoops and moon-shaped earrings. Beyoncé has also showed her appreciation for the brand in her always-major Instagram photos, and Gigi Hadid flaunts the easy yet luxe pieces all the time, even having collaborated with the brand on collections since 2017. This high-profile relationship has helped to attract more attention, but most importantly, Messika loved the process of working with the supermodel. "Gigi knew exactly what she wanted," the designer said of collaborating. "She created a number of highly precise mood boards, which formed the basis of our creative process. She was the orchestra’s conductor, providing artistic direction for these ideas." Messika's pieces, which have moving shapes and luxe diamonds yet feel versatile enough for a range of aesthetics, make it no wonder why the designer has attracted such a star-studded fan base. Her work is a reminder of the importance of having fun in fashion, and shows that diamonds don't have to be reserved for the fanciest moments, but can add a lively, modern sparkle to any look. Adding to the line's relevancy is the fact that Messika is the only woman in France to start her own independent jewelry brand, making her forward-thinking approach and powerful clientele all the more significant. The chic entrepreneur takes this position seriously, finding inspiration in her daughters as well as celebrating female strength with every piece. "Remain focused," Messika says of her advice for other women who want to break into male-dominated fields. "Never let it down, know your priorities and stay passionate. I try to remind women to embrace their femininity." From her stunning pieces to her powerful message, Messika is here to stay in the world of contemporary jewelry, so she chatted with L'Officiel USA about her upbringing, inspirations, and dynamic creative process. Read on to learn about the designer's favorite historical piece, everyday jewelry look, and appreciation for the people and places she encounters. How do you blend your upbringing around the diamond trading business with a contemporary jewelry taste? Less is More is my credo and I imagine my collections around four core values: Lightness, Liberty, Purity, and Sensuality. I’ve been lucky to work with diamonds in a free and audacious mindset. From the unconditional diamond purity to the clean designs that enhance it, Messika is always in search for the essential. I like my creations to be very comfortable; women should be able to live their lives without feeling uncomfortable from excessively heavy jewelry.  I also try to come up with more daring jewelry pieces. Each year, I unveil bold new items: necklaces become chokers, rings adorn several fingers at once, ear cuffs curl around the ear, earrings are asymmetrical, cuffs envelop the wrist, and bracelets are worn plentifully or on the hand.   Did you have mentors along the way that helped you to develop your craft? I don’t really have mentors, but I do work very closely with my cousin Didier Cherqui on each design and collection. For me, the most difficult aspect of my creation process is to transcribe my ideas into a drawing. I always have a lot of ideas, but sometimes it’s quite difficult to get the result I imagined. At the end, we always manage to make it possible thanks to my creative team.   What separates Messika from other jewelry brands? My pieces are not created to remain in a safe. If I can give one piece of advice to all women, it’s to wear their jewels in everyday life. I wanted to present a very couture collection and demonstrate Messika’s special know-how through all the High Jewelry pieces.   When designing a new piece, where do you find inspiration? I get my inspiration from many things all the time. I am constantly on the lookout, whether it’s through my travels, architecture, interior design (which I am crazy about), or by walking down the street and observing people’s attitudes and style.   Is there a particular era or historic piece that you admire? To me, the most amazing piece in the world was Elizabeth Taylor’s necklace including a pear cut diamond of 69.42 carats, offered by her husband Richard Burton. I admire this woman’s elegance, personality, and her career. I designed a High Jewelry collection in 2017 called Miss Taylor in her honor.   How do you go about naming your pieces? The names of collections are chosen after the jewels are created. The jewel is always the starting point. I begin all of my creations with a blank page which is the opposite of the prestigious houses of Place Vendôme that have centuries of rich archives of distinct styles. When it comes to Messika, each new collection is a real jump into the void; although I admit feeding obsessions for certain jewelry techniques. I always start the process without a precise brief. What role does travel play in your creative process? I do many personal and professional travels and I am constantly inspired by different cultures and landscapes in my designs. For example, the theme of the latest High Jewelry collection I created for Baselworld 2019 is the Californian desert.   You’ve been collaborating with Gigi Hadid a lot recently. What has it been like working with her? It was a really nice experience and I loved working with Gigi. She helped push my perception of the way jewelry can be worn further through her love of fashion. For the first collection, we asked Gigi to find an idea around Messika’s iconic Move collection for its 10th anniversary. Everything went so well between Messika and Gigi, that a second collaboration was a must. Gigi knew exactly what she wanted. She created a number of highly precise mood boards, which formed the basis of our creative process. She was the orchestra’s conductor, providing artistic direction for these ideas.   What jewelry do you wear every day? It depends on my mood. At the moment, I’m in love with my bangles from the Move collection, Romane and Noa which are named after my daughters. I like stacking them and mixing various pieces from all of my collections. The accumulation creates a powerful statement.     Such powerful women wear your jewelry. How have they furthered your vision for the brand? I’ve been lucky to see my jewelry on many amazing women. It's always an emotional moment to see such prestigious personalities choosing Messika jewelry for their events or simply their everyday lives. Beyoncé, for example, often wears my creations. It motivates me to create more high jewelry statement pieces for the red carpet. My goal is to create jewelry that enhances a woman’s natural beauty. I always include a part of myself in my designs, leaving a personal and sentimental touch.   Do you have any upcoming projects you’d like to talk about? Everything is moving so fast for Messika. I feel like I’m living in a dream! I hope Messika will continue to evolve–we are still a young brand and there are so many things to do. We are planning to expand further into a few markets and are excited as we look toward making a greater impression in North America this year. The Maison KARL LAGERFELD is pleased to announce its collaboration with 2019 CFDA Founder’s Award honoree, Carine Roitfeld, who will act as Style Advisor of KARL LAGERFELD, effective immediately for the next three seasons. Roitfeld is renowned for her forward-thinking, innovative fashion expertise and immense creative experience as an editor, stylist, fashion director, and entrepreneur. She will join forces with the KARL LAGERFELD Maison and is entrusted to interpret the inspiring genius and legacy which Karl Lagerfeld leaves behind. “I am blessed and thankful for having had the opportunity to work with Karl for so many years—we shared not only a professional relationship but a deep friendship,” said Carine Roitfeld. “He will always be a legend, who redefined the notions of fashion, photography, and celebrity. It is my honor to collaborate with his namesake brand as Style Advisor, carrying out his iconic vision for the upcoming three seasons.” In recent months, Roitfeld has become an increasingly integral contributor to Karl Lagerfeld’s namesake brand, for unique projects such as THE EDIT BY CARINE ROITFELD (available in September 2019) and more to come. The first collection to launch under her purview will be for Spring 2020; Karl Lagerfeld initiated the season celebrating the Bauhaus style—one of his favorite time periods and artistic movements. In addition to advising on KARL LAGERFELD’s next three collections, Roitfeld will continue to lead all CR-brand endeavors with her son and business partner, Vladimir Restoin-Roitfeld, including the upcoming May 6 launch of CARINE ROITFELD PARFUMS; her namesake magazines CR Fashion Book and CR Men; as well as their successful creative production agency, CR Studio. Throughout their careers, Roitfeld and Karl Lagerfeld worked together on numerous photography and styling projects, and they co-published a book titled The Little Black Jacket. In 2004, they were visionaries who led a groundbreaking collaboration between Karl Lagerfeld and fashion magnate H&M, though Roitfeld’s involvement was undisclosed at the time. The innovative project has had enduring effects on the fashion industry and revolutionized how brands approach collaborations.
  “It has been incredibly inspiring to work with Karl for so many years; in his true forward-thinking spirit that we experienced every day, we will carry his extraordinary vision into the future with the same passion and pioneering mindset he showed us,” said Pier Paolo Righi, CEO of KARL LAGERFELD. “We already have a powerful design team in place, which was established by Karl, including Design Director Hun Kim who was appointed directly by Karl. Combined with Carine’s talent as a Style Advisor, we will celebrate Karl’s iconic design aesthetic and bring it to life.” Hun Kim will continue to oversee design teams and be responsible for collection design. He was appointed directly by Karl Lagerfeld, several years ago, and they developed a close relationship and trusted rapport. In the journey of collection design, Hun Kim gained Karl Lagerfeld’s absolute confidence for his clever, progressive pointof- view and creative mind. “A collaborative spirit was at the heart of Karl’s work ethic, and we will continue to embrace this mentality within our collections and the way we work together,” said Hun Kim, Design Director at KARL LAGERFELD. “As a team, we will honor his endless creative vision while advancing KARL LAGERFELD collections with a modern spirit.” Many think of the airport as a source of stress with its delays and long lines, but this May, Louis Vuitton wants to make travel feel chic again. For Cruise 2020, the brand is headed to New York, with Nicholas Ghesquière's new collection set to debut in JFK Airport's revamped TWA Flight Center. The upcoming runway romp fits within a trend of European fashion houses showing in New York, as Chanel and Versace did so in December, showing their respective Métiers d'Art and Pre-Fall 2019 collections. The world has known for a while that the Big Apple was in Ghesquière's plans for Cruise 2020, but the airport location announcement is a reminder that travel style is just as much about the jet-setting journey as the picturesque destination. The announcement also breathes new life into the TWA Flight Center's reopening, set for May 15 as the centerpiece of a hotel featuring retail as well as bars and restaurants including Jean-Georges Vongerichten's Paris Café. The building, an official New York City landmark that has been closed for restoration since 2001, features a winged roof and tube-shaped corridors that seem perfect for the brand whose Parisian cultural center, the Fondation Louis Vuitton, attracts attention with its Frank Gehry-designed architecture. Ghesquière also has shown a taste for the futuristic in recent collections, including a rocket ship at the Fall 2018 show and space-age Spring 2019 graphics, so one can only imagine what he might dream up to mark a new day in flight culture. With the Vuitton show marking the first event in the flight center since before it closed for restoration, the renewed JFK attraction looks chicer than ever. The clothing could align with retro flight inspiration, chic travel wear, futuristic silhouettes, or a combination of the three, but no matter what Ghesquière has decided to do, the event is going to be major. Maria Grazia Chiuri’s debut in the world of costume design left a lasting impression with the Dior creative director creating memorable looks that transcended the ballet fashion trend that has taken over in the past several years.  The collection’s operatic success showcased Dior’s chic influence while still maintaining the integrity of the performance’s narrative. Conducive to the ballet’s elegant style of dance, Chiuri designs were both conceptually traditional in their allowance for movement and stand out in their innovation and uniquely fashionable attire.  Drawing from silhouettes popular of the 1940s and 1950s, the costumes exuded the style of contemporary Dior, while still maintaining the traditional functionality of ballet-wear, including the clothing’s uniquely emotion-evoking appearance. Perhaps the most impressive aspect of the Italian designer's breaking into this new genre of design is the simplicity with which she approached the concept of dance.  Describing her childhood infatuation with A Midsummer Night’s Dream, Chiuri comments on the universality of dance: “It’s an expression of freedom. Everybody dances. It’s a natural attitude. If you look at children around the world, they all dance. It’s very human.” In the wake of her operatic debut as a costume designer, Chiuri took Dior’s audience around her native Rome, lending a behind the scenes look at the designer’s efforts that went into creating a performance of this scale. It is clear from the video that Chiuri’s personal narrative is interwoven into each of the pieces she created, adding an element of nostalgia to an already dazzling display of creative inventiveness. KITH Women and American brand Alpha Industries have teamed up to create the Shell Fishtail Parka. The jacket, which is sure to be amongst the most sought-after items of KITH Women’s first delivery of Spring 2019, features Alpha Industries' signature military-style flair, as well as a custom fit and water-resistant fabric with reflective details. See the Shell Fishtail Parka in action below. As a part of KITH’s “Positive Energy” SS’19 collection—which is inspired by the early 2000s—the parka’s effortless cool pairs well with a variety of other items from the drop, like the Jane Hoodies, that come in two different ombre hues, or reflective cargo pants to complete the utilitarian look. Here are the items from the collection we’re most excited to pair the Shell Fishtail Parka with. The Shell Fishtail Parka is available starting March 30th at all KITH shops and on kithwomen.com and retails for $195. Industrial designer Marc Newson has teamed up with Louis Vuitton once again to create a new line of luggage, this time a soft version made of a knit outer shell featuring Marc Newson’s interpretation of LV’s signature monogram. No need to fear though, because the knit is fully fashioned in a technical yarn that provides elasticity and is water-repellent, preventing the case itself, as well as the goods inside, from wear and tear and the world’s harsh elements. Weighing a mere 2.9 kilos, the cases are lightweight and perfect for fashion lovers on the go. Similar to Newson’s last collaboration with LV, the cases come in a variety of colors, including trendy shades of highlighter yellow and orange, understated black and grey and of course the classic Louis Vuitton brown monogram color combo. Along with the duffle bags, which seem to be center of the collection, Newson’s designs also feature a four wheel trolley suitcase more suitable for checked baggage. Following the design of Louis Vuitton’s iconic and timeless trunks, Newson’s suitcases feature cowhide-wrapped cane handles, proving that while the fashion house is moving into a new era of more contemporary and even futuristic designs, there is no loss in attention to detail, and the classic Louis Vuitton we know and love isn’t going anywhere. Check out the full collection below!   There’s a saying, albeit a dated one, that goes something like this: “You should never mix friends with business.” But for the Starks, though, this is the antithesis of their business model. In fact, mixing friends with business is it's a notion that has helped to create and maintain the Chrome Hearts brand since its launch in 1988. Case in point: Rick Owens, a friendship that dates back decades, built on a mutual adoration for timeless design. Their recent collaboration? A limited edition set of custom pieces that grew out of pure instinct and intuition that blends their love of enduring timeless style and the synergy that exists between their two iconic brands.   YALE BRESLIN: How did you and Rick initially meet Rick? LAURIE LYNN STARK: We met Rick through Michèle [Lamy, Owens’s wife] when she had a restaurant in L.A., Les Deux Cafése. They lived behind the restaurant, and Rick had his atelier there. Tommy Perse had made the first introduction to Michèele at that time and she gave me my first Rick piece—a rust-colored skirt.   YB: Over the years, what has's your creative relationship been like? LLS: Rick and Michèle are our family in Paris: so, Sunday dinners together, sharing life together there. Dinner conversations naturally revolved around art, music, design, and just evolved into doing things together. It wasn’t a collaboration, we always just admired each other’s work, always shared clients and knew we could make special pieces for them. We would choose pieces of Rick’s that we especially loved and would customize them in our studio: shoes, outerwear, women’s collection—whatever we liked. There were no plans, it was just about how we felt.   YB: They say you should never mix friends with business, but this collaboration seems to prove that rule wrong. What do you think? LLS: I don’t know who wrote that rule, but it doesn’t apply to us. We’ve built our entire business on working with friends and family. It’s the only way we do things here. We’ve done it for years, and it’s very important to us.   YB: Tell me a little bit about the pieces—which are some of your favorites? LLS: It’s all instinctual, we never have any plans for the quantity of pieces in the group or how we’ll customize them. Rick trusts us with however we decide to customize the pieces, and we’re never on a timeline. We do it when it feels right. But it would be impossible for me to decide which is my favorite from these.   YB: You march to the beat of your own drumbeat to your own drums. Moving forward, what are some projects that you're working on? Any collaborations you can fill me in on? LLS: We’re really passionate about our furniture collection at the moment, so a lot of our focus is there right now. I don’t know where that will take us, but it’s an important piece for us right now. Photography by Jeff Chang Styling by Evon Chng Credits Photography Assistant: Alif Styling Assistant: Sifra Vania Model: Rina/Mannequin This story first appeared in L'Officiel Singapore's March 2019 issue, available on Magzter. It’s always Fashion Week somewhere. But who’s the most entertaining and refreshing-as-the-results-of-a-good-10-Step-K-Beauty-skincare-routine of them all? If you guessed Seoul Fashion Week, you’re correct... and have taste! Let us further explain: SFW Fall 2019 just wrapped over the weekend, and we were there. The proof is in our painful jet lag, but our substantial bags under the eyes are no more: The gift bags provided to the front-row were perma-packed with a variety of skin-saving sheet masks, with ingredients ranging from placenta to snail mucin. Oh! There was lots of kaleidoscopic variety too when it came to the collections, from sleek to zany to so much more, which we’ll get to. But first, we must shout out the stunning venue where it all goes down AKA the Zaha Hadid-conceived Dongdaemun Design Plaza. It’s a no-filter-needed futuristically majestic backdrop for street style photographers and selfies. You haven’t seen street style until you’ve seen Seoul street style, by the way. Although the KPop stars attracted a psychotic slew of paparazzi, it was the designer-clad kids who were the true street style stars, rocking the likes of OFF-WHITE and Louis Vuitton x Supreme, and posing it up in front of the sea of photographers. The kids in Seoul are more than alright in the fashion department, and they seemed to be having fun, which makes us feel a bit less badly about enthusiastically taking several photos. But we’re mostly here to fill you in on the shows that resulted in the most severe head-turning. MÜNN, just like every season, was one of the strongest and surrealist of shows. Excellence is to be expected from the award-winning designer who’s behind the dark, dramatic duds, Hyun-min Han, who, impressive-as-the-Dongdaemun-Design-Plaza fun fact, has designed stage costumes for K-Pop royalty, BTS. Moody models stormed down the runway in goth-y glam, lunatically-styled looks as what sounded like an intense goth-opera soundtrack blasted, all of which gave ghost-story vibes. Similar to MÜNN’s Spring 2019 collection, the ‘80s-drenched sportswear and streetwear emphasis was back, but this time, in a more elevated way. In other words, goodbye graphics and logos, well hello there massive proportions/massive volumes and fantastic tailoring. Droopy bucket hats and creepy-chic lace face-concealing shrouds were artfully aplenty at the shadowy showing. There were a whole ‘lotta lace-incorporated looks, actually, including lace gloves on both male and female models. The long, witchy skirts, the array of bold blazer options and especially the outerwear were all killer and would fit nicely on a rack at OAK. For those whose style icon is Lydia Deetz, much of this witchy collection is for you. There were some lighter, luminous moments, too, like the white tulle gently ruched over a wide-shouldered, traffic-cone orange blazer X a pinstripe satin gown combo. The slouchy, satin duster with hot pink floral pants over a lurex turtleneck paired with a black bucket hat = also great. The show seemingly left many with a haunted-in-a-good-way lasting impression, with attendees slowly and quietly exiting in a trance-like state.  You can often tell what to expect before shows even begin by simply observing the front-row, and YOUSER’s was very Below 14th Street club kid. In terms of their clientele (the hippest of the hip) and their perpetually bananas shows, they’re basically Seoul’s Opening Ceremony. Fog machines and a chaotic soundtrack did their acid trip-like thing for their millennials-gone-wild Fall 2019 show, as wildly styled neon puffer jackets, plaid blazers, fleece jackets, leather trench coats paired with Matrix-y sunnies, chokers, scarves, eyes-veiling-via-fringed big bucket hats, and big, punk AF bags with their chains dragging down the catwalk. Highlights include the goth cowboy number and the checkered-camel split trench. The blending of clashing fabrics screamed maximalist, and it really, really worked. Somehow, so did the finale’s blasting of opera music, as the models stomped down the runway. Someone get Jaden Smith on the phone, ASAP. He’d love him some YOUSER. Meanwhile, other Opening Ceremony-ish, very popular and very wearable Seoul brands that showed included The Gang, Big Park, and the only international brand that showed at SFW (and perhaps the most coveted invite of the week), COTWEILLER.  We were left borderline breathless at BESFXXK, who, per usual, presented a maniacal, perplexing collection. Designers Bona Kim and Jae Hyuk Lim are no strangers to causing an esoteric scene down the runway, and for FW 19, they presented a collection of playful, wonky, crazily colorful and quirky looks. Face-veiling was a major trend this season, and BESFXXK’s dramatic masking method of choice was the most creative, going full-on Cousin Itt with the models’ locks. Meanwhile, we immediately felt Frank Gehry vibes from the kooky architectural effect of the designs. It was a thrilling spectacle that’s a struggle to describe. The trippiest looks gave Daphne Guinness-goes-to-a-Bushwick-warehouse vibes, while the “tamer” looks felt like something Rihanna would wear while giving a Ted Talk.  While BESFXXK’s show boasted a similar energy to a Jeremy Scott show, Seoul streetwear brand royalty D-ANTIDOTE’s show felt like the environs of a celeb-filled LA Lakers game. D-ANTIDOTE are anything but subtle, and they always throw an unapologetically in-your-face spectacle like no other. For Fall 2019, the inspiration was the Michael Jordan-starring movie, ‘Space Jam.’ You didn’t have to read any show notes to know this, because they played the very-1996 movie soundtrack as models in metallic, galactic-punk basketball player looks held, yep, basketballs whilst swagger-pumping down the runway. We could see TLC circa the super early aughts clad and killing it in these numbers. Actually, the name of TLC’s iconic album, Crazy Sexy Cool, immaculately sums up the best of SFW. Keep your eyes open on the crazy, sexy, cool Seoul Fashion Week, and we’ll take care of the much needed (because, jet lag) shut-eye. Shrewd fashion fans will have noticed the reoccurrence of the number 17 in Tisci’s work. His Spring 2019 Burberry show was revealed at 5:00 on September 17, while his second collection was shown at the same time on February 17, the number also played big in his collections for Givenchy. Of course, like anything executed by the designer this was no coincidence. Tisci has previously cited his astrological sign (Leo) as a reason for his successes and has admitted to consulting psychics as such it should come as no surprise that 17 is the designer’s lucky number and as such has played a key part in his new shows. Certainly, one of the most successful parts of Tisci’s strategy was his timed drops on the 17th of each month between his Spring 2019 show and the release of the collection this February. In a smart move, he realized that for the Instagram generation, nearly six months is a long ask to wait. So to keep the momentum going he released limited edition pieces on the 17th of every month in between. In a further savvy move, he leveraged his celebrity relationships, giving key pieces to influential friends—Rihanna, Irina Shayk, and Joan Smalls were all spotted in Tisci's drops over the past six months.     Photography by Fred Sahai Brandon Giordano and Colin Weber are sitting on the purple carpeted floor of their vintage boutique, James Veloria. Located on the second floor of in a strip mall under a bridge in Chinatown, you could say the shop—which boasts racks of carefully curated vintage designer pieces—is one of New York’s best-kept secrets. The fact that a peculiar place like this even exists (you’ll know what I mean if you wander through the eerie building trying to find the boutique) is one of the reasons the couple love Chinatown. Giordano says of the neighborhood: “We live two blocks away from here, it’s convenient. It feels like what I imagined New York was before I moved here.” Giordano is originally from a small town in Ohio, right outside of Cleveland, and Weber hails from California. But even before moving to Oakland in his late teens, the store owner was very much invested in vintage fashion. He credits his love of thrifting to his mother, who introduced it to him at a young age. In junior high, he says, he took an interest in designer vintage in particular. “I would go to the library and read Interview magazines and then try and find pieces,” he explains. “There was a consignment shop near my school, I used to go there and put things on layaway for weeks.” Weber is also from the Midwest, a small town “in the middle of nowhere” in Wisconsin. As for how he got into vintage fashion, he shared that where he grew up, there were so little places to shop that his parents would go to rummage sales and thrift stores, which is where he’d end up getting most of his clothes. “I didn’t really get into it or get excited about it until I moved to a bigger city where there were all these different thrift stores,” he explains. He was around 18 when he started pursuing it more seriously and hunting for specific things. There’s a lot of love within James Veloria, as it was actually born out of a love story. The name is a combination of Giordano (full name Brandon Veloria Giordano) and partner Colin James Weber’s names. The two originally met in Oakland, and Giordano tells quite the story of their first encounter. “He [Weber] was obsessed with me for a long time, because he saw me walk in the streets and then was really wasted at a party and came up to me and was like “I’m obsessed with you, who are you, I’ve seen you around,” and I was like “Okay I’m bored I’ll talk to you for a little bit,” and then we ended up naked in a hot tub and then the rest is history!” According to Weber, Giordano caught his eye because of his interesting outfits, which stuck-out in not-so-stylish Oakland. When the pair moved in together, they had already been selling individually—online and to other vintage stores—for a few years. But seeing their stock combined in their tiny apartment, they realized they had a store. They started out selling their collection at flea markets and on eBay, and as the hype around their products built up, there was a demand for a physical retail location. Giordano and Weber quit their jobs about three years ago to devote themselves to James Veloria full-time. Another reason James Veloria exudes love is because it was born out of two individuals' love of shopping. Giordano says that though owning a vintage store is harder than what most people would expect, at the end of the day, he describes his job as “just shopping… Like we’re literally just shopping.” His addiction to shopping drives the store, as they never really run out of things because they are constantly acquiring stock. “There’s just two giant boxes of Tom Ford Gucci back there right now,” he says, pointing to some groovy zebra-print curtains. On the difficult part of the job, Weber talks about how, in vintage, you’ll only have each piece individually, as opposed to stores with dozens of units, which means that you can only sell it once, even if twenty people want it. The pair express that sustainability is definitely a big reason why they’re so committed to vintage. Knowing how unethical and wasteful it is, Giordano has sworn to himself to never shop fast fashion.  He explains: “I feel like with clothing, we’re churning out so many clothes that don’t need to be made because the world is already so full.” So while it would be hard to say that vintage is the solution to this issue, James Veloria is definitely doing their part by not contributing to the problem. Another thing the shop is committed to is keeping their pieces affordable. It is a growing problem in the vintage industry, where shops will hike up the price of items simply because they’re designer. Giordano expresses that in keeping theirs accessible, they’re trying to be “anti-luxury.” So what’s next for James Veloria? Up until recently, the pair share that they were all about simply keeping the store afloat. Now, this year is about looking ahead. Other than “boring things” like expanding their e-commerce and website, the pair you can expect more collaborations, and another pop-up with Opening Ceremony should happen in about a month or so. Weber would like to do some international pop-ups and keep reaching new people. A Brief Q&A FRED SAHAI: Pieces you’re still looking for? BRANDON GIORDANO: Always Margiela Artisinal pieces.   FS: Favorite collection ever? BG: Probably Alexander McQueen's They Shoot Horses Don’t They. CW: Probably a series like '93, '94, '95 Gaultier, just like anything in time was just so good—so epic, so collectible.   FS: People whose style inspires you? CW: We’re definitely inspired by some of our customers. It’s great to see what people do with the clothes they get from us, what they’re into when they walk outside of our store. BG: Historically I would say anyone kind of queer and fun, like Leigh Bowery.   FS: What are some of your favorite spots in the city? BG: We go to 49 Monroe, Kiki’s, Forgetmenot, you can find me at Clandestino, in the back, almost every night.   FS: What music do you like to play in the store? BG: Lately, I was in this like Italo-disco mix. It really depends on who is working in the store. It’s constantly changing. We are starting a James Veloria Soundcloud because people always ask about our music in our stories.   FS: Any final words? BG: Keep shopping vintage, it’s ethical and you’ll look cute! If you've ever loved Sterling Ruby's work so much that you wanted to wear it, you're in luck. The American artist is making the dive into fashion via S.R. STUDIO. LA. CA., a menswear and womenswear line that will bring a new perspective to clothing when it launches this June. Though fashion is not Ruby's first medium, his recent work shows this line to have been a long time coming. S.R. STUDIO. LA. CA. developed from ten years of experimentation, through which the artist was working on soft sculpture, quilts, backdrops, and garments. And perhaps most notably, he has often collaborated with Raf Simons, contributing his artistic touch to Dior as well as the designer's eponymous menswear line before helping to revamp the Calvin Klein flagship. With Simons' time at the iconic American brand over (and the ready-to-wear collections finished along with it), now seems to be the perfect moment for Ruby to strike out on his own and show his visions through a new brand. And from his concept for the collection, this endeavor looks set to offer some striking commentary. “I’ve always been interested in the behavioral power that comes with clothing," Ruby said of what he wants to explore through the new line. "For years I have been privately exploring garments as a medium, as something that impacts the way one can think, feel, and move. I couldn’t be more excited to finally put my clothing out into the world.”  From the artist's collaborations with Simons, as well as exhibition-based garment works like those he created for “Work Wear: Garment and Textile Archive 2008-2016" at Sprüth Magers' London location, the world has a partial preview of his sartorial aesthetic. Though Ruby has promised to hone in more on his deepest creative interests, he has a strong background in bringing paint spatters and striking colors to casual pieces, so expect to see a clothing and accessories collection that's easy to throw on but makes a statement with its contemplative aesthetic. Whether that means a deeper dive into CK-esque Americana commentary or a whole new vision relating to his abstract social power concepts, the new line seems set to fit right in at a moment that's embraced avant-garde visions from designers like Virgil Abloh and Marine Serre. This summer, get ready for a line that's as intellectual as it is a visual feast. "You're gonna die. I'm gonna die. We might all die!" Justin Vivian Bond's words as celebrity host Sandie Stone are the only adequate way to describe the new J.W. Anderson campaign. To promote their Spring 2019 bag line, the brand went full QVC in a corny video that's sure to provide some much-needed laughs to whoever encounters it. From the start of the video, it's clear that this campaign is going somewhere J.W. Anderson hasn't gone before. Upbeat elevator music plays as titles introduce Stone and Joyce Nawman (played by Jill Pangolla), and then the two proceed to host a "JWA-TV" segment while laughing at their own jokes and ordering around model Amber (played by Staci D, an *actual* QVC on-air talent). The hosts cover all bases while introducing the Keyts bag, which has two wearing options—high and tight, like Sandie, or low and loose, like Joyce—and, much like the Jacquemus Chiquito, has a mini version that doesn't hold much of anything but will surely generate some Instagram hype. From Stone's rant about festival wear to the appearance of an old fish tin to demonstrate the bag's functional inspiration, the video makes constant laughs out of the consumerist world beloved by stay-at-home moms and insomniacs alike. "I remember working on some of my first collections and listening to her albums on repeat," creative director Jonathan Anderson said about why he decided to work with Bond, who he has long admired. With an elegantly "off" tone and a constant stream of witty remarks, the Tony-nominated performing artist carries the campaign in the liveliest way, not to mention she beautifully caters to a moment that celebrates both memes and the LGBTQ community more than ever. Highlighting J.W. Anderson in possibly the most humorous way ever, the campaign seems likely to bring a new audience to the British designer's namesake brand. Moving forward, one can only hope for more cheesy takes on consumer culture and self-awareness of peculiar accessories. You can view the full video at JWAnderson.com. Two words: resort collection. That’s what the surprising collaboration between Weekend Max Mara and American interior designer Anthony Baratta has spawned, albeit for Spring 2019 instead of a Cruise season. Brimming with patterns designed by Baratta, the Nantucket-inspired offerings are all you’ll want to pack on your next trip to an island paradise. Below, the “King of East-Coast chic” tells us more about his first foray into fashion.   What made you decide to team up with Weekend Max Mara? We have a similar approach to design, as well as a similar clientele. Plus, I love their sense of impeccable quality and classic design with a modern Italian sensibility.   For your first fashion collaboration, was there anything you wanted to try out or experiment with that you couldn’t before as an interior designer? Clothing is not as permanent as home furnishings and that is what makes it more fun. With clothing, you have more freedom to mix and match fabrics, patterns, and colors, and change it up the next day.   Can you tell us more about the patterns you designed for the collection? We were inspired by classic American fabrics and patterns such as checks, rick rack trims, floral prints and the lifestyle of Nantucket. It’s the mix of the fabrics that makes this so special.   You use the Chinoiserie print extensively in your designs, this collection included. What does it mean to you? We use Chinese ceramics extensively in our work. It’s a classic statement in a room and pulls a lot of elements together. I’ve been using blue and white porcelains for my whole career. Chinoiserie is exuberant and whimsical, which makes it so timeless. What three words would you use to describe the collection? Timeless, casual and colorful.   What is your favorite part of your collaboration with Weekend Max Mara? I enjoyed how much they understood our vision for the collection and how they brought it all together and captured the essence of me.   How has fashion influenced your work? Fashion has always influenced it and continues to up to this day. I am very inspired by patterns, colors, and smart design. How does it feel knowing that people will wear your designs? I am honored! It’s a new realm for me to delve into and it’s been a joyful experience. I look forward to collaborating with Weekend Max Mara again!   What tips would you give to someone who wants to design their own home? Pick out five of your favorite pieces of clothing and see what you like most about them. Then, work around their patterns and colors.   What is your personal favorite holiday retreat? Although I’ve only been there once, I’m excited for my next trip to Rajasthan, India. The colors, the patterns, and the grand scale are so in tune with my principles of design.   Following this collaboration, what else would you like to try out in the future? I would like to design a car and a cruise ship! Rumors have been fluttering around about who is set to replace Diane von Furstenberg as the chairman of the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) and on top of the list was Tom Ford. And after much speculation, the rumors have been confirmed—Tom Ford is set to take over the role as chairman of the CFDA from January 1, 2020, onwards. The legendary designer says, "I have had the privilege of being a member of the American Fashion community for many years and have experienced what the CFDA does for its members and the industry as a whole. Having lived and worked in each of the global fashion capitals of the world, I look forward to working with the Board of Directors to further the voice of American Fashion and its designers.” Known for his amazing works at Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent, and his own namesake label, along with his role as an award-winning film director (A Single Man, Nocturnal Animals), Tom Ford aims to continue to make leaps and bounces for the American fashion industry. Diane von Furstenberg will chair the seat for one final year before stepping down, marking this as her 13th year as the chairman. In celebration of a creative and innovative collaboration of Gigi Hadid and Vogue Eyewear, L’Officiel USA goes on a dream tour through the supermodel’s favorite fashion capital—our very own New York City.  Each and every style featured in the new eyewear collection highlights the beautiful darling’s experiences as well as the locales within the booming metropolis that have become sources of inspiration for her. It is fast forward, but with a twist. It stands out against the exciting, gleaming city lights, an ode to fast glamour and the art of arriving and leaving. In a shape that breaks all the rules of fashion, Gigi shows her vogue by giving elegant silk satin influential fashion status in a unique way. The people and places that make up her home and who she has become is elegantly captured in the designs, framing the A-list glamour of exclusive Manhattan clubs from East Village to the Upper East Side, as well as the quaint abyss, lost somewhere within the "city that never sleeps."  Through Gigi’s one-of-a-kind personality, we are taken on a mystical journey; a trendy, forward-facing reality that visits the model’s favorite styles. The eclectic selection emphasizes the concept of a vision that is future-focused and celebrates contemporary women today. For Gigi, this means a visor or wrapped shield, a petite metal cat-eye, or, stunningly, dazzling low-cut shapes of 90’s style embellishments. Each product takes on an attitude of its very own. In essence, it is everything that you want it to be, everything you dream it to be, more than you could ever imagine it to be.  The collection is to be modeled night or day. Regardless of time, it makes a hard-to-beat style statement that defines a dynamic personality that is both classic and subversive. In a selection of brilliant tone-matched gradients and mirror shades, with a catwalk choice of colors from opal to white SKUS, the collaborative collection has true fashion appeal, suffused in a powerful style that goes beyond limits to represent the strong, empowering,  contemporary women that lies within each and every one of us.  With her own eyes set on the future, Gigi is not one to shy away from fresh attitude, dazzling tones, and edgy style. The collection blends minimalism with contemporary elegance to achieve a maximum effect of refined elegance without neglecting urban modernity. This collection is for today’s trendsetters, fashion protagonists, and polished women who are always ready to boldly take on the spotlight. The G-Vision model is for the playful. The 23rd Street model is catered to those seeking to highlight their freedom. Soho speaks to the gal born in the ’90s and is headed straight for the future. Lafayette fuses this year’s trends with an underground edge, perfect for strutting down the red carpet. The glam-chic look V-Vision pairs shimmering opal tones with playful, graphic layers. With exaggerated angles, futuristic shapes, and polished tones that highlight the glamour and playful personality of the model, this is how Gigi shows her Vogue. Now, it’s your turn.  An iconic Disney character from everyone’s childhood, Dumbo the elephant, is back in the spotlight. The young elephant with oversized ears, which first took flight in 1941, is the star of Loewe’s latest capsule collection, which launches at the end of the month. Just in time for the release of Tim Burton’s live-action adaptation of Dumbo. The capsule, an extension of the Spanish brand’s Spring 2019 collection, sees images of Dumbo on two of its most coveted items—the Goya backpack and T Pouch. Dumbo also makes an appearance on a number of casual Ready-to-Wear pieces, such as jackets, shirts, and scarves, for men and women. Shop the collection exclusively from 29 March at Loewe Paragon or register here, for a chance to shop the collection first at the presale event.   "Fashion comes first and fashion comes for all," says European-born eyewear brand, Carolina Lemke. The international name, widely known to inspire confidence and singularity amongst its consumers, has recently launched in North America and is rolling out a multimedia advertising campaign that celebrates a collaboration with none other than Kim Kardashian West. With a diverse audience in mind and the vision to make beautiful pieces accessible for all, Carolina Lemke’s designs have wondrously been successful in combining communities and cultures together through eyewear, with the designer’s vibrantly artistic aesthetic being carried high and far through the fashion scenes of Berlin.  The brand’s campaign is boldly stated. Photographed by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott, it features eye-catching frames from the Kardashian West collaboration. The inspiration for the abstract, slightly obscure campaign has been drawn from supermodels of the '90s alongside pre-CGI science fiction concepts and ideas. Kardashian West has often leaned towards minimalism, which resulted in the overall campaign being created in a sleek style and tone, with accents and elements sparked by a more conceptual voltage. In these photos, Kardashian West herself is featured, staged just in her element—a single figure with all lights shining directly above her. She is individually photographed with a number of "clones" being staged against the frame: a starkly dim, indigo background that sends attention back to the model of the shot.  Spontaneity, magnetism, and a curious compulsion for 'more' are all characteristics that drive the high-quality fashion piece. The slogan—cleverly titled "On Sight"—alludes to the instantaneous connection that consumers are promised to have with the product as well as with others that they are engaging with from the other side of the glasses’ lens. Kardashian West is not a true Kardashian if she does not perfectly live up to this sentiment. From Calabasas to New York City, she receives immediate recognition and attention. The international public eye tends to gravitate towards her—the type of attraction that is effortlessly recaptured with the sunglasses. Starting March 19, select styles form the Kim Kardashian West of Carolina Lemke collection are going to be made available. The full collection can be accessed online come early April 2019, with prices starting at $90. Until then, revel in the fabulosity of the campaign, below. If you're looking for a female designer who is using her platform to support women's rights and gender equality, an incredible example would be Diane von Furstenberg.  She used International Women's Day on March 8 as an opportunity to launch an art collection for which she collaborated with painter Ashley Longshore to celebrate influential women throughout history. From first viewing this collaboration, it's immediately clear that both von Furstenberg and Longshore see the importance of female leaders past and present, who have sparked change across a variety of fields. Driven by gender equality, von Furstenberg was enthusiastic to present a female artist's work. She decided to exhibit Longshore's work in her New York studio, providing a highly visible place for the empowering collaboration to debut. “When I first met Ashley, I was impressed by her force of life and vibrant talent. I am excited that we joined together to celebrate International Women’s Month by showcasing extraordinary women in history. I provided Ashley a list of women who have inspired me through their energy and achievements and she has done an amazing job creating their portraits.” —Diane von Furstenberg   Longshore has chosen more than 30 women to convey through her vivid, colorful brushwork. She avoided her characteristic use of glitter to focus on the patterns of each woman's clothing. This approach connects to von Furstenberg's designs and helps to get across the spirit of women coming together—fitting since the paintings were on view for a week of International Women's Day-related events and panel discussions at the DVF studio in New York's Meatpacking District. Want to add a little sparkle to your Monday? Versace has just released three new jewelry collections—and we can't get enough of them. Through all three collections, you'll recognize the unmistakeable Greca and Medusa logos and iconic design details.  The Iconic Limited Edition Collection This collection is inspired by the early Versace designs which have been reimagined by Donatella Versace. "At the heart of the collection is the Medusa, the eternal symbol of power and the iconic motif of Versace, also highlighted is the legendary Greca, which sets the graphic tone of mythology and classicism. Every piece is the result of the finest Italian craftsmanship, and exudes the purest DNA of Versace." says the house. The Gorgon Claw collection This collection embodies the characteristics of the Versace woman: power, strength, individuality, and passion. The claw symbol was chosen to represent power in the new collection—jewels in the collection include Peridot, Rhodolite, Honey Citrine, and Amethyst as well as an option of yellow or rose gold - and of course diamonds. The Virya collection Key themes for this collection are sensuality, femininity, and strength. According to the house, the line includes " precious stones and sharp geometry is wisely crafted by a unique setting technique that lets the light and the colors play and reflect on the mirror facets of the gold." Images courtesy Versace  Is Christian Cowan actually Professor Utonium, the father figure in the Powerpuff Girls, who mixed together sugar and spice and everything nice before accidentally dropping Chemical X into the mix? They’ve never been seen in the same room, so we may never know. What we do know is that the celebrity-favorite designer’s capsule collaboration with the Cartoon Network series was full of girl power moments. Debuting in a warehouse space in Downtown Los Angeles on International Woman’s Day, Cowan’s collection featured his signature sparkly, poofy, and streamlined features done in Powerpuff pink (Blossom, the leader), green (Buttercup, the irritable one), and blue (Bubbles, the cute one). It was all capped off by Paris Hilton, who walked with her micro-Chihuahua, Diamond Baby, while wearing an outfit inspired by Him, the Powerpuff Girls’ genderfucking foe. The show, which was attended by Cowan’s power girl friends like Tinashe, Carly Rae Jepson, and Kim Petras, was in support of She’s the First, a non-profit that fights gender inequality through education, providing scholarships to girls around the world. We caught up with Cowan, known for consistently speaking about women’s empowerment and who’s proud mother is always in attendance, backstage after the show. MAXWELL WILLIAMS: I imagine you’re a Bubbles. CHRISTIAN COWAN: Oh, I am a Bubbles. But I feel like the characters are all one person—the different facets of a person. So I would say I’m definitely Buttercup when I’m hungry. I’m a bit more grumpy. But I’m Bubbles.   MW: What about from the villains? CC: Oh, Him. I live for Him—the heels and those skirts.   MW: Of course. You had so many pieces that were inspired by Him. CC: Oh, for sure. It’s all for Him.   MW: You’ve always been about women’s empowerment, and one of the shirts even said, ‘Empowerpuff Girls.’ Is that a big reason why you partnered with them? CC: Their brand and my brand stand for exactly the same thing. And it was so nice. There was never one point in the months and months of conversations where we disagreed on the messaging of this show, or partnering with She’s the First, the charity, which helps educate women so they can support themselves. The whole thing’s been such a dream because there’ve been great intentions every step of the way.   MW: When did you decide, ‘We have to do it on International Women’s Day’? CC: We first spoke three years ago, when I first moved to America. The second we met for this project, it was the first thing we said: ‘When should we do it?’ And were both like, ‘International Women’s Day.’ Perfect.   MW: Why do it in L.A.? CC: Because a lot of my career has been built in L.A. through the amazing women here—all the different singers and so on—so it made sense.   MW: Why was it important to have Paris Hilton in the show, dressed as Him? CC: Paris was one of the first people, when I moved to America, who supported me. She was in my first ever show, she put the spotlight on me, and she’s turned up for charity shows that I’ve done for the Make-A-Wish Foundation. She’s incredible.   MW: If you were a Powerpuff Girl, what would your superpower be? CC: Oh my. I wish my superpower could be I didn’t have to sleep, so I could just work. It’s no secret that the right jewelry will make or break just about any look. And when it’s the right piece, you just know. You put it on and you feel alive, powerful and ready to take on the world. Jewelry brand ERTH does just that through both their designs and their latest project, a portrait series titled #12Women. In celebration of International Women’s Day and in partnership with UNICEF, #12Women highlights a dozen women who have become successful in their own right. From actress Jessica Alba to model and CEO Alyssa Miller, the women shared everything from life lessons to pivotal moments in their careers—not to mention their favorite ERTH pieces. Ahead, we share the empowering stories and advice from some of the women featured in the portrait series, which reveal just what shaped them into the women they are today.  "I think your first love, your first heartbreak, your first disappointment, your first big embarrassment, your first of anything.... feels monumental, when you experience something on that level. In the beginning you feel like it's over, that's it, and it feels so dramatic. But once you have been through it a few times, you know what to expect. It sucks, but you know you will get through it, so you dust your shoulders off and keep moving forward."  "Women are the future, so raise strong daughters!" Favorite ERTH piece: "I live in my Choola hoop earrings!" "We as women are faced with the idea that we are incapable of most things, and if not incapable than at least inferior to a male counterpart. I am smart, strong, kind, nurturing and also capable of anything a man is." Favorite ERTH piece: "I love layering the plate necklaces." "Do the inner work and learn to love yourself. The sexiest, most attractive thing a woman can wear is confidence." "Focus on adding value. It is not what you can get but what you can give as you move towards your goals." Favorite ERTH piece: "I love the plate necklace, the earth cross choker, the yellow gold diamond initial, the infinity necklace, the double star necklace, the mini hoop earrings and the diamond crater stud—basically the whole collection." "Unlock the power of your mind and learn to direct it positively and intentionally; your greatness and mastery will flow from there." Favorite ERTH piece: "The limited edition 14k large cross threader earrings, diamond teardrop studs, the gold three-spoke ring and the Mary Bolo necklace." Swedish underwear and socks brand Happy Socks have announced a special limited-edition collection of socks featuring designs inspired by the Rolling Stones' iconic logo. The launch comes as the rock band prepares to kick-off the US leg of their No Filter tour in Miami on April 20th. The Stones' rock n' roll spirit blends with Happy Socks' signature highly colorful graphics, creating a collection that'll knock your current socks off. But don't worry, you can buy these instead, which start at $16 a pair (and $8 for children's socks). The socks will also be available in Collector's Gift Boxes, with prices ranging from $32 to $96. You'll be able to shop the groovy styles in Happy Socks' Concept Stores and on their website. To make choosing which socks you should get easier, we've matched each pair with a Stones song, so you can get what you want and what you need! The bubbly pattern on the snazzy pair reminds us of The Stones' 1974 video for "It's Only Rock 'N' Roll (But I Like It)", which features the boys, clad in sailor uniforms, rocking it out in a massive bubble bath-like contraption. Perfect for anyone who swears the Stones "Golden Age" didn't peak with Exile on Main St. Anyways, check out the video below for laughs and bubbles.    These socks have us seeing every color, which is why they remind us of—let's face it—the only memorable track on the Stones' brief foray into psychedelic rock, "She's A Rainbow." But if you liked Their Satanic Majesties Request, you'll definitely want to cop these socks and come in colors everywhere.    The groovy cool tones on these socks have got us humming the ooh's and ah's from 1978's "Miss You," perhaps the closest the Stones ever got to disco (Mr. Jagger was, by then, a regular at Studio 54). The colors also mirror those on the Some Girls album cover, which the track appears on. Fun fact: Some Girls was the band's best selling album in the United-States. So if you're into success (or disco), these are the socks for you. Watch the promotional video below if you want to see Mick Jagger acting out getting freaky in the streets of New York City at night (skip to 2:10 for a funky time).    You know that fantasy you have of being at a music festival, drink in hand, listening to Mick Jagger belt out "Tumbling Dice" as the sun goes down? Or is that just me? Regardless, these socks, with their warm sunset tones, have us dreaming about carefree summer nights soundtracked by Exile on Main St. This album was created in the sunny South of France and it shows. Each track feels like the summer, and "Tumbling Dice" is perhaps the sunniest of them all. If there's one pair of socks you should wear with your Birkenstocks (if you must), make it these ones.      "Let It Bleed" with these ruby red socks. "Let It Bleed" is an uncommon love song about emotional dependency, and these socks also being the color of love make them great pair to buy for, or share with, a person who always has your back.     We're starry-eyed over these electric blue socks, and their explosive design reminds us of the equally spirited women that inspired the 1973 track "Star Star." A cheeky homage to their female company on the road, the song describes these women who, much like these socks, were "covered" in stars. Check out this fun live performance of it below.    Maison Kitsuné is known for producing laidback, chic-and-sleek basics, so when it came time to find a chic-and-sleek campaign star, they found the perfect candidate in actress Rashida Jones. The photographs show Jones wearing a classic white baseball cap with the brand’s fog logo ordained in colors of the French flag and sporting a multi-colored v-neck cardigan.  In another, she wears a simple white button-up that—the perfect example of the effortless, French girl style.  Jones’s ambassadorship is the first for Maison Kistuné and creative directors and co-founders Gildas Loaëc and Masaya Kuroki could not be happier for the collaboration, stating, “The Maison Kitsuné woman never seems like she is trying too hard. She is confident with a casual attitude and subtle but undeniable charm, has good taste and a playful sense of humor. For our first-ever Parisien campaign, we were looking for a strong, thoughtful, talented and witty woman. Rashida perfectly embodies the spirit of the Parisien collection—we are very excited to welcome her in the Maison Kitsuné family!” The Parks and Recreation actress was photographed by British photographer Benjamin Lennox in items from the limited edition collection, including basic polos, as well as more festive pieces such as a T-shirt printed with the word “Parisienne,” as well as a key-chain and hoodie adorned with the tricolor fox logo.  The brand’s partnership with Jones is said to help expand its presence in the US, which accounts for about 5 percent of Maison Kitsuné’s total sales. Considering Jones’s notoriety and aesthetic compatibility with the brand, the two seem to be a perfect match. Dior’s Fall 2019 Ready-to-Wear collection, designed by Maria Grazia Chiuri, featured graphic t-shirts, leather jackets, and power suits and intrigued several fabulous names such as Camille Rowe, Jeanne Damas, and Bianca Jagger. The models walked down a red and white-checkered runway while the voice of Amy Winehouse reverberated in the background. “There’s something dreamlike about some of these gorgeous, swishy skirts,” said the Nigerian novelist, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, in an interview with Vogue. “But, there’s also strength there which I really like.” Echoing Adichie's praise was model and actress, Cara Delevingne. When asked to describe the historic French fashion house in three words, she proclaimed "Strength, it's iconic, and it is forever changing."  Wearing a carnation pink midi dress with a fringe bottom, Delevingne's irresistible charm could be felt as she posed for photographs and answered questions backstage. With each swish of her skirt, a lighter shade of pink peeked through expertly-formed pleats. The model exudes elegance and is the quintessential Dior woman. But who exactly is the Dior woman? According to Delevingne, she's three things: "unapologetic, intelligent and diverse." See what she means in the video below.    Simone Rocha may be the daughter of the John Rocha, but rest assured, she’s become a designer in her own right. After studying at the National College of Art and Design in Dublin, the Irish-Chinese designer went on to pursue a Master’s at the renowned Central Saint Martins in London. Her entrance into the fashion industry came in 2010 when she showed her first collection at London Fashion Week. She’s since acquired a few impressive distinctions, including the Womenswear Designer of the Year award at the 2016 British Fashion Awards, as well as being named Young Designer of the Year in 2014 by Harper’s Bazaar. Rocha has become known her functionally feminine looks, which she often showcases with a garden concept in mind. Her designs routinely feature draping and adornments using materials like tulle and taffeta. In addition to showing her Fall 2019 collection at London Fashion Week, the designer has just dropped her first collection with Moncler, a line that shows off her signature feminine style through floral embellishments and subtly structured silhouettes. Below, Rocha tells us more about her collaboration with Moncler and the influences behind her dreamy designs. There’s an incredible video installation that complements your collaboration. What was the idea behind this film?  The film was an amazing opportunity to create a fully immersive atmosphere for the collection. It was a very collaborative process between myself and Tyler Mitchell, who directed it. We wanted the film to echo these feelings of utility and femininity, while also adding a narrative that created an eerie quality to the whole film.   I’d love to know a few people who you deem a “genius.”   I am constantly inspired by the work of Rei Kawakubo, Louise Bourgeois, Francis Bacon, as well as my family and friends around me.   The theme of gardens and gardening is explored in your creations. Where does this passion stem from?   I love gardening at home and having flowers in the house. My favorite flower is the chocolate cosmos.  I wanted the S/S ’19 collection to lead on from the A/W ’18 collection—A/W ’18 was originally inspired by the concept of Mountain. My first collection for Moncler took inspiration from the Victorian mountain climbers of the 19th century. For S/S ’19, I wanted to explore another landscape and terrain, while still entwining the Simone Rocha femininity with the utilitarian practicality of Moncler. The ideas of gardening echoed the contrast of practicality and utility balanced with femininity and romance.   If you had to choose three of your favorite gardens around the world, what would they be? Why?   The Piet Oudolf garden at Hauser & Wirth Somerset. I really like the planter Tom Stuart-Smith. He has done a few gardens in England including Wisley, which is where we shot the film. Within London, the Chelsea Physic Garden is very beautiful.    What do you want people to feel when wearing your Moncler Genius collaboration?   Empowered and feminine.    Can you tell me about some of the fabrics you worked with?   It has been an amazing opportunity to explore the classic Down fabrication in new ways with the Simone Rocha aesthetic. It’s reimagined with modern femininity in volume, ruffles, and embellishment. Fabrication and how it is manipulated and developed is a very important part of the design process for me. Photography by Alex Black Styling by Natalia Zemliakova Sometimes it feels like nostalgia has a monopoly on fashion these days. '80s statement blazers regularly come back in exaggerated ways, Kaia Gerber has risen to fame thanks in part to resembling mom Cindy Crawford, and Alessandro Michele has rebuilt Gucci using a mix of Renaissance detailing and quirky basics. But while all eyes have been on how fashion looks to the past, several designers have quietly built a sartorial movement that envisions the future. Marine Serre has created an LVMH Prize-worthy brand on a concept she dubs "Futurewear," Raf Simons brought an otherworldly vision to Calvin Klein over two years as creative director, and Louis Vuitton's latest collection brings heritage craft to space-inspired structure. To celebrate these visions, photographer Alex Black and stylist Natalia Zemliakova brought Spring 2019's most forward-thinking pieces into a story that transcends time and place with starry backdrops, rocky voids, and a voluminous hairstyle. The photos are reminiscent of classic space-age inspiration, but they also undeniably take from more recent trends to revisit what might happen if non-astronauts finally get the option to take a vacation away from Earth. Model Celine Delaugère (IMG)​​​​​​ Hair Junya Nakashima Makeup Ames Amore Set Design Sally Morris Photography Assistant Max Hemphill Styling Assistant Alina Kotsiuba As the spring season rolls around and you're contemplating adding even more florals to your wardrobe, you (or that little Marie Kondo voice in your head that you haven't been able to shake off since your Netflix binge) may wonder, "How many times can florals be reinvented, anyway?"  The answer is probably the same that you'll get if you ask that of Moncler's puffer jacket: plenty, as we saw at the Moncler Genius Fall 2019 presentations. We certainly haven't seen florals the way Simone Rocha designed them for her Moncler Genius SS19 collection, which is why we'd add it to our closet in a heartbeat. Across unmistakable Moncler silhouettes like blousons, parkas and of course, jackets, Rocha's daisies and anemones blossomed in ruffles, pearls, sequins, embroidery and appliqués that popped right out of their fabric canvas. Her unapologetically romantic touch extended to those fabrics, which includes lightweight nylons, dolmias, taffetas, and tulle. The collection isn't just pretty to look at; it was designed specifically to protect you from the rain, which is why you'll also find PVC coats and aprons, flower-shaped goggles, floppy-brimmed hats and Wellington boots with broderie anglaise cut-outs in the mix. To accompany the collection, Rocha created a film with Tyler Mitchell that shows us how all those pieces gracefully come together. In it, girls clad in her creations frolick about in a garden, tending to its blooms and soaking up the sun. The dance of those garden nymphs is hypnotic and enthralling — much like the effect that Rocha's collection has. Watch it below: The 4 Moncler Simone Rocha SS19 collection is available at Moncler boutiques and moncler.com. The sound of hammering comes in staccato volleys followed by pauses of pin-drop silence. If there is an air of intensity to the proceedings it’s because in two weeks to the day, the golden leather shoes being crafted in the suburban Parisian workshop of Massaro will be worn by models—musician Pharrell Williams and Kaia Gerber among them—walking in Chanel’s 16th Métiers d’art collection, an Ancient Egyptian-inspired ode to New York City to be shown underneath the sandstone ruins of the Temple of Dendur at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. One of the 12 métiers d’art owned by Chanel under its Paraffection subsidiary, Massaro has been making shoes since 1894. Acquired by Chanel in 2002, its current workshop is housed in a complex along with several other maisons in the working-class neighborhood of Aubervilliers. As Massaro’s Artistic Director John Etienne Pratt describes the relationship between the various métiers and Chanel, “We just try to make art pieces each time we do something, and we're lucky that Chanel give us the possibility to do so.” Chanel first began acquiring the métiers d’art in 1985, with the purchase of Georges Desrues, the button maker and costume jeweler founded in 1887. A once thriving maison that employed over 400 plumassiers, by 1980 that number had dropped below ten. Broad, far-reaching changes in the economic landscape of France in the ‘80s found small, independent savoir-faire maisons like Desrues facing near-certain extinction and with them, the heritage and craftsmanship they possessed. Many of these maisons also had longstanding relationships as suppliers for Chanel, extending back to the earliest days of the House, and their survival—or demise—would impact the level of quality Chanel’s offerings had become known for. Sensing an opportunity to ensure both the ongoing vitality of these maisons while also ensuring the continued production of its luxury goods, Chanel, under the direction of Karl Lagerfeld, began actively acquiring many of Paris’ most prestigious maisons d’arts. Fast forward to 1997 when Chanel formed the subsidiary, Paraffection, under which to house its various acquisitions. Today there are 12 métiers d’art (highly-specialized maisons producing hand-crafted pieces) and 14 “producers” (suppliers who provide pieces usually made by machine) that comprise Paraffection. Translated as “for love,” Paraffection is most definitely a labor of love for Chanel, but it’s also a decidedly shrewd business relationship. It’s a strategy Bruno Pavlovsky, president of fashion for Chanel, has directed in partnership with Lagerfeld since its inception. Under Pavlovsky’s watch, Chanel formed Paraffection and continued to grow its portfolio of acquisitions. Speaking from his private room at Soho’s Mercer Hotel the day before the New York show—the entire hotel booked out to accommodate the influx of Chanel’s top brass—Pavlovsky speaks glowingly about the successes of Métiers d’art. “Chanel is about product. Product is about design. We have the best designer in the world,” Pavlovsky notes. In stark contrast to the fast fashion of the “see-now, buy-now” generation, the pieces produced by the métiers d’arts for Chanel add what Pavlovsky believes is an emotional dimension to them, a quality he feels luxury consumers, now more than ever, seek out. “I believe more and more in the future this emotional value will be the success of the luxury market,” he ventures, “If you lose the emotion, you will lose the value and that’s something we believe very strongly in at Chanel, and we need to keep that.” But, beyond the opportunity for “emotional” investment, the consolidation of the maisons under the auspices of the Paraffection afforded Chanel the opportunity to further expand the house’s line of consumer offerings. Enter the Métiers d’arts collection from Chanel. The premier collection was shown in 2002 at the house’s flagship on rue de Cambon. Two years later, the decision was made to associate the show with a world city drawing inspiration from storied locales and adopting the “destination” aspect that it now takes (Dallas, Tokyo, Rome, and now New York have all had their turn at playing hosts for the show). As Pavlovsky frames it, the unique nature of the collection allows Chanel to offer yet another line in the already demanding calendar that determines fashion’s seasonal cycle. “I think that Karl Lagerfeld and Virginie Viard were quite happy to develop this collection at the time of the year,” Pavlovsky continues, “It's not couture. It's more than ready-to-wear. It's quite sophisticated and very much inspired.” A further sign of Chanel’s commitment to supporting the métiers d’art as well as the other producers brought under the Paraffection umbrella came in late 2018 when the company broke ground on what will become a 275,000-square foot complex near Porte d’Aubervilliers. Designed by architect Rudy Ricciotti, the campus will gather together the majority of Paraffection’s 26 maisons, creating a centralized hub of studios, workshops, and archives. With a completion date set for 2020, the métier’s d’art for now remain spread out over several locations, including Pantin, Paris, and Aubervilliers, where, along with Massaro, the maison of Lognon is located. With its origins dating back to 1853, Lognon—today run by the great-grandson of the maison’s founding namesake—specializes in the pleating of fabric, incorporating techniques that have changed little since the beginning of the 20th century. Freshly ironed fabric is laid flat, and parallel to Kraft board molds impressed with pleat-designs of dizzying complexity—there are some 3,000 such molds in Lognon’s “library”—before being tightly rolled into the mold (imagine the fabric as the swirl inside a roll), before being baked at varying temperatures and times according to the fabric used. Once cooled and unrolled, a pleated textile emerges, the folds “backed” into the fabric. Sitting behind a broad work table inside the Lognon studio, a young woman with a pencil and notebook before her was experimenting with pleat patterns, folding a sheet of cardboard in what can only be described as a truly maddening take on origami. When asked how long she can spend on a single design, she pauses before answering nonchalantly, “It can take anywhere from an hour and a half up to two weeks.” About ten minutes’ drive away in the neighborhood of Pantin, a second métiers d’art complex houses several more maisons, including the embroiderer Lesage as well as the plumassiers Lemaire. Founded in 1924, Lesage has provided a variety of embroidery services for Chanel since it first began working with Gabrielle Chanel at the beginning of her career. Among Lesage’s most recognizable contributions are the hand-loomed, a signature textile that Chanel has become synonymous for. For the current Métiers d’art collection, a team of embroiders was to be observed bent and huddled over slate frames, silently hand-sewing intricate Egyptian motifs—the Eye of Ra, Papyral fronds, and rays evoking burial tomb murals dedicated to the Pharaoh Akhenaten—into swaths of delicate fabric stretched taught. Leading the tour of the workshop facilities was Hubert Barres, the maison’s artistic director. As vibrant and as effervescent as the sequins and beads that have become his trade, Barres cuts a jolly figure across the studio floor. When pressed as to his feelings about Chanel’s stewardship of Lesage under the Paraffection subsidiary, Barres’ response is line with the replies produced by his counterparts at the other maisons. In short—excited. “I think Chanel was, and is, visionary. Why, you ask?” pausing to offer notes to one of the embroideries before continuing, “because they have always recognized the value of ‘know how,’ what we call savoir-faire in French and the necessity for excellence and creativity.” Back in Barres’ offices, surrounded by towering walls containing over 70,000 embroidery samples, some of which are over 150 years old, he offers a response that perhaps sums up the entire raison d'être for Chanel’s greater ambitions with the metiers d’art. When asked about the number of hours his team may spend embroidering a single garment, Barres replies: “Honestly, it’s not interesting for me to say how many hours goes into a single piece. If you tell people that, they have this reaction to push away from such pieces, to say ‘I can't have that,’ or ‘I can't touch that,’ and this is the opposite of what I want to create for Chanel. What we create here is an art form, one that should be touched and worn.” If the eyes are the windows to the soul, then the nose must be the chimney. Yes, the olfactory system can indeed guide us to the center of a person—a place where treasured memories exist, waiting to be conjured with every whiff. Whether getting there requires a fragrance, oil, or mist, there’s no denying the power scent has to inspire intimate thoughts and desires. Someone who recognizes this ability is multihyphenate and Gucci muse, Jared Leto. “I think what makes scents so powerful is their ability to connect directly to our past,” he says, “not just through memory, but through emotion. It’s very special.”   His sentiments on the matter are legit, considering he’s the face of a new era for one of the Italian fashion house’s classic fragrances, Gucci Guilty. Handpicked by the house’s creative director, Alessandro Michele, Leto helps tell a new story for the inimitable scent in a cinematic trailer alongside Lana Del Rey. Directed by Glen Luchford, Del Rey and Leto star in #ForeverGuilty as an Adam-and-Eve-esque couple exploring a retro futuristic L.A. landscape. They wreak mystical havoc everywhere they go—supermarkets, laundromats, and diners included. Courtney Love even makes a cameo, too, playing a waitress. It’s just another kooky, magical element we’ve come to love and expect from Michele’s whimsical, Guccified world.   Casting Leto alongside Del Rey as the face of #ForeverGuilty makes perfect sense. While filming the short, Leto realized he shares certain similarities with Del Rey, qualities that go beyond simply being campaign stars. “We're both slightly crazy—and so is Alessandro,” he notes. “We're artists. We love our work. We like to take chances.”   Famously, Del Rey and Leto accompanied Michele to last year’s Met Gala, where they channeled Italian Renaissance-era religious figures. Over the course of their friendship, the two have built a unique bond: “Whatever you do with Gucci, it'll be an adventure in every way,” Leto states poetically.   However, Leto’s poetic nature fades when I ask him about the smells he despises. He cites the scent of animal slaughterhouses as his aromatic kryptonite in addition to “dirty people and shit.” But the poet reemerges in discussing his most beloved scents. “The smell of the earth after it rains—it's really nice. I like the smell of a pine tree.” He adds gasoline to the list as well. Gucci Guilty—we imagine—is a given, too.   It is rare that a piece of jewelry steals the show from a jaw-dropping dress, but that's exactly what happened at the 2019 Oscars in Los Angeles to Lady Gaga. The icy-blonde walked the red carpet in a black Alexander McQueen gown paired with black gloves. While the dress was gorgeous, the piece that drew everyone's attention was the enormous yellow Tiffany & Co. diamond necklace. The 128.54 carat costs $30 million and was once worn by Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's. However, the necklace wasn't the only shiny object Queen Gaga sported last night—she also won her first Oscars award for Best Original Song. Considered one of the most important 19th-century gemstone discoveries, the Tiffany Diamond was unearthed in South Africa in 1877 and purchased a year later by jeweler founder Charles Lewis Tiffany. Since then, the piece, which usually rests in a well-kept treasure chest, has been worn exactly three times: first by Mrs. Sheldon Whitehouse at the Tiffany Ball in Rhode Island in 1957, second by Audrey Hepburn at a photo shoot for Breakfast at Tiffany's, and now by singer Lady Gaga, who was nominated for Best Actress and Best Original Song for A Star Is Born at the 91st Academy Awards (and won the latter category). "Lady Gaga is the ultimate creator, champion and rule-breaker, and I'm thrilled that she will wear the Tiffany Diamond on the red carpet for the first time 141 years after his discovery," said Reed Krakoff, creative director of Tiffany & Co. Stylists Sandra Amador and tom Eerebout continue, "The chance to work with such an incredible piece is a creative dream, there are so many beautiful jewels in the world, but this brilliant diamond, weighing over 128 carats, is truly unique, exactly like Lady Gaga. " The 32-year-old completed the look with the Fancy Vivid Yellow earrings with white and yellow diamonds. A Tweet once read, “MM6 is like Margiela’s cool younger sister that you’re afraid to talk to because you’re already friends with Margiela,” and at the time, I couldn’t have agreed more. Yet, with the launch of MM6’s Fall 2019 collection, I’m not so scared anymore and I think my imaginary friendships with both lines can coexist. For those unfamiliar with MM6, it’s Maison Margiela’s diffusion line that offers pieces following a similar aesthetic to the notorious Margiela line, yet at lower price point; therefore MM6 is widely adored by a younger audience. This collection for MM6 returned to their classic silhouettes, now puffed up with padded forms. While now slightly exaggerated in terms of proportion, the garments still feel wearable, familiar and humble, three attributes MM6 is known for. Upon taking a closer look at each piece, it becomes clear that the designs showcase hidden details, mimicking the padded forms even throughout the pockets and buttons. Many items within the collection borrowed from menswear, a trend we’ve been seeing throughout the past few seasons from many designers. In particular, the MM6 collection features oversized trench coats, cropped trucker jackets, and, for the first time the classic 5-zip biker, which has been carefully reinterpreted from their archives, now in nylon. While the silhouettes have a definite masculine feel, accents of femininity can be recognized throughout the collection as well, such as the circle dress that feels delicate when compared to other looks in the presentation. The items featured this season are reminiscent of clouds and take on their tactility from most notably padding, but also nylon, satin, and chunky knitwear. The motif of clouds is also brought about by the color palette used by MM6 this season which is compiled mainly of different shades of white, and then pure black. The collection is completed by the accessories which resemble everyday objects. We see handbags modeled after wine bottles, and price tags worn proudly as badges. Even the iconic Margiela dust bag makes an appearance as a delicate evening bag. And as for footwear? Most of it was concealed by padding and covers, masquerading around as oversized pillowcases. MM6 has once again impressed us with innovative fashion that actually feels wearable and totally has claimed her place as Margiela’s cool younger sister. Only now, we totally plan on being her friend. A garment is often at its most beautiful when it is seen in motion, a fact that Dior makes use of for its Spring 2019 campaign film. In the Fabien Baron-directed video, artistic director Maria Grazia Chiuri's tulle creations are brought to life: models Ruth Bell and Selena Forrest show us the fluidity of the collection's delicate skirts and dresses as they move through sheer, draped fabrics. The two are surrounded by a troupe of dancers, reminding us once again of Chiuri's inspiration for the collection. Clad in leotards, the women gesticulate their awe and celebration of the clothes in a mesmerizing choreography by Sharon Eyal. Be entranced by their dance in the video below:  It was in October that it was announced that Zendaya would be replacing Gigi Hadid as Tommy Hilfiger’s female brand ambassador. The model stepped down after two years and four extravagant runway shows with the iconic American label. Now, ahead of Paris Fashion Week, where Tommy Hilfiger X Zendaya is set to debut, we finally have a first look on the designs created in collaboration with the 22-year-old actress. While Hadid’s collections were very preppy and sporty, relying heavily on the brand’s logo and emblematic colors of white, red and navy, Zendaya’s designs appear to be rather vintage influenced and more mature. According to a press release, the actress was inspired by the 1970s and the strong women of that particular decade. The collection boasts structured blazers, high wasted skirts and flared jeans, graphic tees, plaid, and pinstripes. And astrology enthusiasts will be happy to know that the collection also features an all-over zodiac printed silk suit. However, we’ll have to wait till the March 2nd fashion show to see the entirety of the Tommy X Zendaya collab. It will be available to shop immediately following the show. Karl Lagerfeld, the man who defined the modern age of fashion, passed away today in Paris. He was 85 years old. While he juggled myriad jobs up until his death, he was best known for reinvigorating the house of Chanel in the 1980s. After its founder, Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel, passed away in 1971, the maison became a sleepy shadow of its former self, reserved for, as Lagerfeld put it, “Parisian doctors’ wives.” But after being appointed as its creative director in 1983, Lagerfeld remixed the brand’s codes—tweed suits, little black dresses, quilted bags—for a new generation, and steered Chanel into creative and financial prosperity throughout his 36 years at its helm—an unfathomable tenure in today’s climate of designer musical chairs. “Thanks to his creative genius, generosity and exceptional intuition, Karl Lagerfeld was ahead of his time, which widely contributed to the House of Chanel’s success throughout the world,” said Alain Wertheimer, Chanel’s CEO. “Today, not only have I lost a friend, but we have all lost an extraordinary creative mind to whom I gave carte blanche in the early 1980s to reinvent the brand.” In a statement, Chanel announced that Virginie Viard, Lagerfeld’s collaborator for more than 30 years and the director of Chanel’s Fashion Creation Studio, will now be in charge of the house’s collections. In recent years, there has been much speculation as to who would replace Lagerfeld—the names of Marc Jacobs, Hedi Slimane, and Phoebe Philo have all been whispered by editors and insiders at one point or another. As of now, it is unclear whether Viard will serve as the brand’s permanent creative director, or if the baton will be passed to another big name. Regardless, “replacing” Lagerfeld is an impossible feat—his presence and legacy will forever loom large.   Lagerfeld’s career was extraordinary, beginning when he, alongside his friend-turned-rival Yves Saint Laurent, won the International Woolmark Prize in 1954. The German-born designer went on to assist couturier Pierre Balmain, lead the house of Jean Patou, and later, in 1964, head up Chloé, which is largely regarded to have been the first ready-to-wear brand. There, he proffered a vision of sheer femininity and, in 1983, designed that oft-referenced black-and-gold violin dress which, with its side cut-outs and midi-length, would look right at home on a runway today.   Lagerfeld will always be synonymous with Chanel, but his longest creative partnership was with Fendi, the Italian fur house where he began working in the 1960s. It was Lagerfeld who came up with that double “F” logo you’ve no doubt seen in innumerable street style photos, and the brand’s 2007 show on the Great Wall of China was also his doing. Working with Silvia Fendi, Lagerfeld served as the creative director of fur and ready-to-wear until his death. That body of work alone seems daunting, but Lagerfeld accomplished so much more throughout his more than six decades in fashion’s upper echelons. In 1984, he launched his namesake line; never a fan of sartorial snobbery, he pioneered the high-low collaboration—now a fashion mainstay—when he teamed up with H&M in 2004; he was a celebrated photographer, shooting Chanel’s campaigns, among others, and editorials for magazines including V and Harpers Bazaar; he designed interiors; launched a makeup collection with his now-famous cat, Choupette; published a diet book after losing more than 90 pounds in 2000 so that he could fit into the hyper-slim tailoring Hedi Slimane was proposing as the creative director of Dior Hommes; the list goes on. It makes sense, then, that in 1975, Lagerfeld said, “When people ask me what I do, ‘designer’ seems inadequate; I tell them I’m in the fashion business. But that is what happens with ready-to-wear. You become an enterprise.” Indeed, Lagerfeld—a polyglot, voracious reader, and culture connoisseur—was more than a designer. He was his own brand and a pop-culture icon, thanks to his distinctive aesthetic (powdered white ponytail, black skinny jeans, a black blazer, starched white shirt with an impossibly high collar, fingerless gloves, and sunglasses that were glued to his face day and night) and infamous quips. Often amusing (“sweatpants are a sign of defeat”) and sometimes cruel (when discussing the appearance of celebrities or design rivals like Azzedine Alaïa), Lagerfeld’s quotes contributed to his larger-than-life persona. “I am like a caricature of myself, and I like that,” he’s quoted as saying. He also conceded, “If I’ve become more visible than some of my colleagues maybe it’s because I have a big mouth. My celebrity has almost nothing to do with my profession.” That’s not strictly true. Lagerfeld made Chanel a household name with his pioneering embrace of celebrities and tongue-in-cheek takes on luxury. Never mind his big-budget fashion shows, watched online by millions in recent years. He set the precedent for the destination show, staging pre-season runway spectacles in Salzburg, Havana, Edinburgh, and Dubai. And during the Paris ready-to-wear shows, he’d constantly shock and delight the jaded fashion set, transforming the Grand Palais into an artic wonderland, complete with a real iceberg; a deciduous forest; a sandy beach with lapping waves; and even a launch pad, from which a Chanel rocket blasted off during the finale. But for all his showmanship, Lagerfeld was no show pony—he was the consummate workhorse. He thought the concept of designer as artist was absurd—ditto for designer burnout—and began sketching his next collection as soon as the previous one stepped off the runway. One could wax poetic for pages about all of Lagerfeld’s triumphs, but he would hate that. He despised nostalgia more than flip-flops (to which he insisted he was “physically allergic”), refused to keep an archive, and never discussed his accomplishments. Perhaps that’s why he was such a grand success—he was always looking toward the future. “I am supposed to do. I’m not supposed to remember,” he once said. Maybe so. But Lagerfeld will never be forgotten. She was more secretive than Karl Lagerfeld was, and yet, just as important as he was for the rejuvenation of Chanel. Virginie Viard, Director of the Fashion Creation Studio of the French House, has been appointed to succeed the deceased designer this Tuesday, February 19, 2019. " It is Virginie Viard, Director of Chanel Fashion Creation Studio and the closest associate of Karl Lagerfeld for more than 30 years, that Alain Wertheimer entrusted the care of ensuring the creation of collections to continue to live the legacy of Gabrielle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld," announced the house in a statement. Thus, last January 22, in the absence of Karl Lagerfeld, it was she who had greeted the crowd at the end of the Spring 2019 show. The event had also shaken the fashion sphere because the fashion genius has never once been amiss during one of his shows. So, it begs the question: Who is Virginie Viard? In 1987 she met Karl Lagerfeld when she started an internship at Chanel. The creator will quickly become a mentor to the point that she will not leave him. After five years in the house on Rue Cambon, she followed him even when he joined Chloe, then in decline. But ten years later, in 1997, she makes a comeback, to take the direction of Chanel studio, a position she has not left since. Interviewed by The Telegraph in November 2017, she was confiding about her mission in the shadow of the Kaiser during the Spring-Summer 2018 show: " I bring the collections to life with the workshops and houses of the Artistic Department, After Karl's sketches, I coordinate the teams, collaborate with the suppliers and choose the fabrics, then, of course, I make adjustments with Karl, and as soon as I get his sketches, the process starts and I try to please him, but I also like to surprise him, "she said. Regarded as Karl Lagerfeld's "left arm and right arm", she confided in an interview with Time in 2014 about the pair's work relationship noting, "I do not know, I do not fit in. I'm here. ..] He gives me his stuff and then I make my sauce. He likes that I do like that, " she assured before commenting on their complicity. "But hey, this job is not a job, it's a passion" In the same interview, Virginie Viard also paid tribute to her mentor explaining, "his way of working is so funny his way to be as He is so funny We do not mind two seconds..! with him, he's not pretentious, that's what I love, she said, he's very conscientious, hardworking, but he does not take his head, they're just clothes, but with him they are magical, he loves fashion, he does not get tired of it." Virginie Viard will continue to shine the double C of the house without him. The model opening British designer Grace Wales Bonner’s Fall 2019 show took on the runway sporting an American football-inspired tunic embroidered with the name of African-American writer and cultural theorist Ishmael Reed. Reed's seminal 1972 novel Mumbo Jumbo gave the collection its name. Amongst guests lined up at the Serpentine Gallery excitedly awaiting Bonner’s return to LFW after a short absence was supermodel Naomi Campbell. The collection was in direct dialogue with an exhibit the designer is currently showing at the Serpentine Sackler Gallery, entitled “Time for New Dreams.” The collection and the exhibition both explore black identity and mysticism and the exhibit's title references Nigerian writer Ben Okri’s collection of essays of the same name. As the models walked through the exhibit, Okri recited a poem created especially for Bonner, as Ishmael Reed took to the piano to play a jazz composition. These writers provided great inspiration for the designer, who said in an interview that their writing “connects back to spiritual origins of the Afro-Caribbean diaspora.” According to Bonner, they connected her to ideas that allowed her to be who she is. Fittingly, Mumbo Jumbo explores black male identity and African intellectualism. Bonner sought inspiration from the intellectual dress at Howard University, the first historically black higher education institution in the United States. Flipping through yearbooks, Bonner used recurring items like varsity jackets and tailored blazers and repurposed them for her collection. The American dress was contrasted by voodoo accessories like feathers and jewelry, adding an aura of mysticism and magic. As for footwear, the backless brogues were created exclusively for the collection by Manolo Blahnik. Grace Wales Bonner’s exhibition “Time for New Dreams” is on view at the Serpentine Galleries until March 17th. It looks like Celine couldn't wait for Paris Fashion Week to come back into the spotlight. Following Hedi Slimane's first collections for womenswear and menswear over the past few months, the brand is finally unveiling a new store concept to go with its new creative director's definitive aesthetic. Opening today, the Madison Avenue Flagship features a contemporary architectural concept carefully developed over the past nine months. Those who have been following how Slimane's influence hits retail will find familiarity in the new look. The store bears a lot of resemblance to Saint Laurent's 2015 redesign, featuring plenty of marble, hanging metal installations, and minimalist shelving. But of course, a new brand means some new details, and the space satisfies this need with allusions to the organic, including wooden furniture and heavy use of stones like basaltina and granite—one even sits as a natural rock in a seating area. It's far from a return to the warmer shades and literal plants of old Céline, but it does highlight Slimane's use of the brand identity in creating a new vision. The 5,000-square-foot ground floor space features site-specific artwork by James Balmforth and Jose Dávila, leaving the world wondering what minimalist creativity will emerge when similar redesigns open in Paris, London, Milan, Shanghai, Beijing, and Tokyo. Additionally, thanks to the recent debut of the brand's first men's collection, a menswear flagship will open on Rue François Premier, followed by similar boutiques across other major fashion cities.  If you still haven't fully adjusted to Slimane's complete reinvention of Celine, let the new flagship be your guide. The brand may not have yet had its promised couture debut, but it sure is taking over the world. See photos of the new Celine flagship, which opens today at 650 Madison Avenue in New York, in the gallery below. Maison Margiela now has a new film embodying John Galliano's reinvention of the house over the past few years. Entitled "Reality Inverse," the collaborative project with SHOWStudio highlighted a digital vision of glamour when it fittingly premiered during forward-thinking London Fashion Week. Nick Knight directed the film, but created the concept itself alongside Galliano. As the title may suggest, imagery entirely uses inverted colors to follow Duckie Thot and the glimmering pieces around—when flipping a device's display colors, the video will suddenly look normal. A score by Jeremy Healy mixes the 1960s vocals of Roy Orbison's "In Dreams" with a futuristic soundscape, arguing that this altered vision could be a new classic in the Margiela world. Holographic outerwear, sparkling jewelry, and over-the-top sneakers shine just as brightly amidst the reverse vision, but the film's true sartorial star is the Glam Slam bag. It shines like a beacon of light as Thot holds it up out of a smoky haze before taking it on a spinning journey resembling astronaut training (naturally, complete with a fashionable helmet).   
  Altogether, the visual experience aims to comment on the technological age, in which people travel through a sea of curated information that often becomes uncomfortable or ultimately an illusion. The inverted colors highlight this growing need for authenticity and the new glamour Galliano has created over recent seasons through concepts of reverse dressing and tactile forms. Those who visited London's Serpentine Gallery over the weekend had the opportunity to truly immerse themselves in these concepts, as a 360-degree version of the film was on view via virtual reality headsets.  This is just the first time Margiela will make waves this fashion month, as the brand's vision for Fall 2019 is set to debut in Paris next Wednesday. Until then, fans can continue dreaming of alternate realities through the trippy film, which is just as captivating in the non-VR version that's viewable everywhere. Marijuana consumers can now be #fashion. MedMen, the cannabis dispensary, otherwise referred to as the “Apple store of marijuana,” is now selling merchandise. The brand launched its first cannabis collection last fall in New York with the hopes to provide top-quality products for their recipients. Now, they are shaking things up again. The $2.2 billion Los Angeles based company has been selling some items in specific locations, but now, will sell eight items through a standalone website. The collection has a price range of $15 to $129. The items to be sold include varsity jackets, black foil tees, gray chenille hoodies, dad hats, yoga mats, pins, key chains, and graphic tees all incorporating the definitive red color of the brand. Marijuana is decriminalized in New York, but not completely legal. The t-shirts within the collection emphasize the points discussed in MedMen’s advertisements that aim to increase awareness and understanding around cannabis use. The new launch hopes to further that conversation and put a stop to taboos. Widespread acceptance of adult-use marijuana is helping to remove the stigmas surrounding cannabis, and the apparel campaign underscores that message through an aspirational and accepting lens.  View pieces from the collection below. Available now at MedMen. Known for upscale menswear, Ermenegildo Zegna has unveiled its new global flagship store at New York City’s iconic Crown Building, located at 4 W 57th Street. Designed by world-renowned architect Peter Marino, the new store both celebrates Zegna’s history and legacy and brings the Italian fashion house into a new chapter by incorporating metallic strings echoing the yarns of Zegna’s craftsmanship into the facade of the store showcasing newer design concepts.   The boutique, which stands three levels tall features different groundbreaking innovations that set it apart from other luxury shops: some of these include an ephemeral installation that will change throughout the year, a virtual journey through the world of the designer, a personalization room with Zegna’s master tailor and a vintage Italian bar. Offered exclusively at this new location is Zegna’s new Taccuino capsule, a luxury leisurewear collection inspired by the notebook Ermenegildo Zegna carried with him on his first trip to New York in 1938. His handwriting is finely reflected as the core pattern for this capsule. The store, which is now open, presents an unrivaled experience for the brand’s American audience to uncover a singular destination for inimitable Italian style as the fashion house enters the newest chapter in luxury menswear. It’s Valentine’s day and you’re in love. The hotel room is booked, your table reserved and the appointment with a doctor—he’s supposed to be a miracle-worker—is made. From lip fillers to liposuction, the cosmetic industry hugely benefits from the annual celebration of love (and accompanying lust for self-improvement), with a recent poll recording women hoping for procedures increases by 78 percent...and they’re not the only ones profiting from our perpetual insecurity. Enter: lingerie. There’s no culprit when it comes to skinny-washing quite like the brands producing garments for women at their most vulnerable, with new campaigns rolled-out just in time for the sexiest night of the year. Except, aren’t we supposed to be in the thick of a self-love revolution? It’s been four years since model Charli Howard furiously lamented fashion’s pitfalls in a viral Instagram post after she was fired from her agency over a pair of impossibly small leather pants. Diversity in fashion has since evolved from subversive to tokenized and finally wound up mainstream, yet somehow, casting bodies upwards of a size two is still a symbol of rebellion. But someone’s shifting the narrative. Unlike underwear giant Victoria’s Secret’s (whose commitment to unrealistic beauty ideals has seen their showcases plagued by a perpetual PR storm), beloved British brand Agent Provocateur has released a Valentine’s campaign that celebrates the female in any form—and recruited Howard to help. While many reputable designers actively avoid curve models, hoping to go unnoticed by their legions of ‘woke’ millennial supporters, AP lifts them up. Creative director Sarah Shotton had Howard write an exceptionally honest open letter about her abuse of and newfound appreciation for her body. Self-acceptance has been a long time coming for Howard, and now she’s the leading the battle for body positivity...and there’s no better general than Shotton. Below, the pair weigh in on lingerie, love and why you are enough this Valentine’s Day. Firstly, tell me about the inception of for Agent Provocateur’s Valentine’s Day campaign. Shotton: It started with a conversation with Charli, talking about working together in the future and body positivity. Growing up I had looked at images of models that were not realistic and compared myself to them. It had a detrimental effect, so we decided to do a campaign inspired about embracing your body shape, as well as the idea that you don’t need to be with someone to be complete on Valentine’s Day. We really felt that Valentine’s Day shouldn’t be dressing up for someone, but rather focusing on oneself and celebrating your own body. Howard: It was amazing for me to hear that one of my favorite brands were actively thinking about how they could progress and become more female-friendly.  Sarah wanted to make Valentine’s Day—something that is very relationship-focused and quite stressful (from “Why don’t I have a boyfriend?!”) — about celebrating yourself. You don’t need a man to buy yourself some gorgeous lingerie! Do it to make yourself feel sexy. It’s funny because when I was starting out, I went to a casting for Agent Provocateur around eight years ago and didn’t get the job. I was so insecure about my body, paranoid that they could see my cellulite, and felt that the only way I’d ever get to work for them was if I lost more weight. I can’t believe I’m doing it the way I look now, flaws and all.   How was that experience of putting your relationship with your body on paper? Howard: It was very cathartic. Writing has helped me understand myself in a lot of ways. I had never really considered that Valentine’s Day could be a day of celebrating yourself.   You pushed your body to the absolute extreme for fashion, how did you rewire your outlook on beauty when you began gaining weight? Howard: I’m a big believer that beauty starts from within, so I started on fixing that first. When I was starving myself, I was hanging around a lot of negative people (romantically or not) so cutting them out was a big start. I started paying myself compliments, rather than putting myself down. I think women are taught not to appreciate themselves. Considering we’re fresh off another—and perhaps the most controversial—Victoria’s Secret show yet, what’s your take on body positivity in lingerie? Shotton: I’m all for it! We strongly believe in healthy bodies, whichever size you may be. Make work with what you’ve got and be confident about it. This campaign really reflects that and is a great reminder for us all to celebrate your natural size and don’t succumb to society’s perception of what ‘looking good’ is. Howard: Well every woman wears lingerie, don’t they? So, it’s important that the women buying it are represented in the media. I’ve always maintained that with the right imagery, styling, and creative teams, you can make anybody look high-end and fashionable. There isn’t an excuse to be lazy anymore and book the same bodies over and over.   Do you think fashion’s embrace of inclusion is surface-level? Or here to stay? Howard: I hope it’s here to stay — it would be an awful waste of time if it didn’t! Look how far the industry has changed in the last few years, especially in New York. I do think some brands have jumped on the diversity bandwagon for ingenuine reasons, but consumers are smart and can always tell when brands are trying to make a conscious effort to be diverse. So, I hope that the increase in consumer demand for diversity continues to enforce brands to listen. Shotton: It really depends on the brand and the consumer. I do think it’s here to stay and will continue to break boundaries but the level of authenticity really needs to be considered. If you are portraying an inclusive narrative to the public this has to be reflected in the company and must have a wide representation of diverse staff. There is a level of conscious all brands and consumer need to establish before pushing anything out to wider society. I’d like to say AP is very inclusive and pragmatic, hopefully, that translates.   How do you think AP represents the modern woman? Shotton: AP’s designs are very multi-faceted in terms of having several ranges for different personalities and occasions. We portray strong women that also like to have fun and simultaneously are sexually liberated. Howard: It’s hard to explain how AP makes you feel unless you’ve tried it yourself, but for me, AP makes me feel strong and womanly. It makes me feel sexy within myself; like I have a sexy secret when I wear it under my clothes. Women don’t need the gratification of men anymore; the pieces reflect that. We’ve seen lingerie increasingly integrated into day and evening wear, what trend do you think is up next? Shotton: I’ve noticed women wearing our bras as tops and not even our fashion bras (that can look like a crop top) but genuinely a typical bra as outerwear. And I’m all for it! I love seeing women showcasing it in different ways on social but it looks very effortless.   How do you think women’s approach to lingerie has evolved in recent years? Shotton: Women buy lingerie for themselves and not for their partner. It’s become an investment piece. It’s the first thing you put on in the morning and you want to be comfortable, but also feel great. Howard: I think we want pieces that flatter us, rather than creating styles that only suit a certain shape or size. I also think women are steering away from padding.  We don’t want to squeeze into styles based on what’s fashionable; we want lingerie built for us and the bodies we have. That makes us feel more confident as a result, too.   Is there anything you still wish we saw more or less of in lingerie? Shotton: For the industry to keep pushing boundaries and have a diverse cast of women whether that relates to body shapes, ethnicity, sexual orientation and so on. I also find that more often than not the image out there for lingerie campaigns is can be quite romanticized and tend to be soft portrayal of women that is not always the case. We’re complex and have different personalities and moods! I say be real and have fun. Howard: Well, diversity aside, we need more women sticking up for each other.  I’ve been on so many jobs with unnecessary nastiness over the years and we need women to come together and stick up for each other and together. It’s a female-dominated industry, after all.   Finally, how would you style yourself for Valentine’s Day? Howard: In nothing but a pair of Agent Provocateur suspenders, of course. Opening Ceremony has been a staple for fashion-freaks in New York City since the store’s opening in 2002. Since then, it has become an icon and a go-to in the industry for being a one-stop-shop for cutting edge clothes and luxury pieces from designers you can’t find in your average department store. Humberto Leon and Carol Lim established Opening Ceremony in 2002 and have been the creative directors and head designers of Kenzo since 2011. On Wednesday, February 13, Kenzo launched its new collection of eyewear for the spring and summer seasons. Naturally, to celebrate their work the power couple entertained guests the night of the launch at their flagship store in SoHo. The collection offers eyewear for all tastes, with some looks mimicking ski goggles while others refer to timeless designs of thin wire frames and tinted lenses. However you choose—or choose not—to define your style, you’ll surely find something that suits your fancy. The collection is now available online, with one style exclusively at OC. Christian Louboutin is continuing his foray into the world of sneakerheads. Though best known for his iconic pumps now immortalized in pop culture by the likes of Jennifer Lopez and Cardi B, he's brought his blood-red soles to a more casual setting through "Run Loubi Run," which debuted at Paris Fashion Week Men's in June 2018. For the new line's first campaign, the designer recruited multitalented creative Quincy Brown to direct, produce, and star in a short film showing the wonder and passion of the new sneakers. The new film features nightclub-esque lighting, mostly in Louboutin's signature red, and is set to the thumping beats and smooth lyrics of Brown's upcoming single "Mosaic." Brown, as the film's protagonist, encounters several models standing in lit niches, like a red light district for fawning over sneakers. He shares fleeting dance moments with each one, and the connection with some of them is enough to make his shoes' red soles light up or even fly. It turns shoes into a powerful communicative tool, capable of fostering meaningful relationships.       “Quincy had a specific vision from the beginning," Louboutin tells L'Officiel USA about collaborating on the new film. "He flipped a classic love story on its head to develop a narrative that speaks to the power of human connection, using shoes as a vehicle to transport love.”  On February 12, Brown hosted a party for the new film at New York's Public Hotel, attracting a crowd including Winnie Harlow, TK & Cipriana Quann, and Vic Mensa in the middle of New York Fashion Week. The night featured screenings, dancing to music by DJ D-Nice, custom cocktails created with Avión Tequila, and of course, plenty of photo ops. Fittingly, Brown was wearing a pair of the new kicks all evening. The Run Loubi Run women's and men's collections are available now, and from the looks of the film and the shoes themselves, the world of sneakers now has BLE (Big Luxury Energy). With a brand so famous for heels entering the running shoe market, expect to see fashion people who haven't yet embraced the trend giving it a try. Fashion is an art form, which explains why visual arts and fashion often merge and blend. After Alessandro Michele commissioned work from painter Ignasi Monreal to create Renaissance-style paintings featuring runway clothes for Gucci digital campaigns, Simon Porte Jacquemus is the next designer to blur the lines between fashion and art, working with New York-based Canadian artist Chloe Wise to illustrate his Spring 2019 campaign. Jacquemus is known for his artful Instagram presence-where his posts come in threes, creating rows of curated content-while Wise also boasts quite the following thanks to her witty posts, so it’s no surprise the app played a role in their professional partnership. According to WWD, Jacquemus had the idea to work with Wise after watching her Instagram stories. Wise’s large-scale oil paintings tackle subjects like consumerism with a humorous tone but Jacquemus noticed they were also Riviera-inspired. From there, Wise made paintings from compositions Jacquemus designed, featuring three models in his spring wears. It was in her New York studio that Wise then painted the campaign images. Jacquemus launched his label when he was just 19 years old, a year after moving to Paris to pursue a fashion career. He is known for his offbeat minimalist designs which draw inspiration from the South of France, where he grew up and feature asymmetric and deconstructed silhouettes. On his brand, the designer explained to Dazed in 2016 that  “Jacquemus is not about nightlife and clubbing and things like that, it’s more about fruit and vegetables and rolling in the grass.” Wise’s paintings for the Spring 2019 campaign perfectly encapsulate the Jacquemus aesthetic, depicting sun-kissed women carelessly sipping rosé on a beachside balcony. They are sporting Jacquemus clothing and accessories, including a mini waist-bag, one of the brand’s trademark accessories. Remember when you thought you couldn’t catch Emily Ratajkowski in a more compromising position than wearing a DKNY black lace bra and underwear set in the middle of a New York City street?  Think again. Emily Ratajkowski announced the arrival of her bodywear line in a fashion that is not only keeping with her personal brand but defines it: by wearing her skivvies in a Brooklyn bodega.  The undeniably flattering line is also designed for comfort, which is something the triple threat (model, actress, designer) took into account when releasing her lingerie line as an extension of her already extremely successful bathing suit brand, Inamorata Woman.  The trendy swimwear line is worn by the likes of Sofia Richie and other celebrities and it seems reasonable to assume Ratajkowski’s bodyline with follow suit. The pieces in the collection range from lacey bralettes to ribbed bodysuits, skirts, bras, and underwear and vary between $18 and $55.  Whether intentionally or not, Ratajkowski is reaching a new audience with her price points, as her new body line is significantly more affordable than her Inamorata swim line.  With comfortable, classic pieces that won’t break the bank, we can expect that Inamorata body will be just as successful, if not more, than her other collections. Photography by Christina Fragkou Last week seems to have been a lot more fun in Copenhagen than in America. And while it's true that the polar vortex was causing an unbearable cold on this side of the Atlantic, Scandinavia has by no means been warm and sunny. Instead, low temps are just the norm in Denmark's rising fashion city, so locals make do by putting a little more creative effort into layers and outerwear. Bright coats have a way of fending off the wind chill in optimistic style, it bags from brands like Balenciaga and Jacquemus up an outfit's personality year-round, and accessories can really make all the difference, whether through shades as reminders of sunnier times or barrettes adding a bit of glimmer to a look. Christina Fragkou captured all of Copenhagen's best street style moments, and the energy is tangible from the way fashion week attendees were beaming as they posed and mingled. See the incredible looks below, and maybe get a little inspiration for sartorially surviving the rest of winter while you're at it. In what appears to be a high-fashion mad-lib gone completely right, KITH’s partnership with Versace not only has given us a collection that marries iconic Italian luxury with the irresistibility of ultra-hype streetwear but even better, they cast Bella Hadid as the star of the collection’s campaign. Yes, the 22-year-old model collects yet another check (she was also just announced as the new face of Michael Kors) and can be seen lounging, lazing, and dripping in KITH X Versace goodies, set against a gilded Italian mansion photographed by Pierre Toussaint. Totaling 100 styles, the collaboration delivers menswear, womenswear, and accessories; the former made up of outerwear, formal wear, and sportswear while the latter includes a convertible velour puffer coat, silk robe, bras, and swimsuits. So whether you’re in need of a business suit, a tracksuit, a swimsuit, or nothing at all and you just want to own a piece this sure to be sold out collection look no further. Notably, you will see a different version of Versace’s iconic Medusa logo, as KITH's own logo has been placed expertly across the gorgon’s eyes. Of course, it wouldn’t be KITH if sneakers weren’t in the mix. Footwear being Fieg’s specialty, he took the partnership as an opportunity to revive the famed Amico Trainer. First introduced in the 90s, this is the first time the shoe has been reincarnated, and now also in a brand new low-top silhouette alongside the original mid. Bellisima! KITH x Versace releases Friday, February 15, at all KITH shops and at 11 AM EST on Kith.com. The collection will also release at select international Versace flagship stores. There is no seventh season in the HBO comedy Sex and the City’s future but thanks to the glamour and steaming style of the tv series’ star, Carrie Bradshaw, played by Sarah Jessica Parker, the Fendi Baguette handbag is set to be re-issued. Carrie is best known on the show for her daring outfits and lively laugh that echoed through even the noisiest corners of the city. Her penchant for floral patterns, youthful tube tops, and pinstripe suit ensembles have led her to be known as a fierce trendsetter whose feminine empowering attitude has made their marks on every modern woman's everyday life. We remember the iconic, petite, square-shaped accessory as perched under the arm of Carrie as she swept through the city in sparkling elegance through subways and dark trash-studded alleyways in a way that only a true New Yorker can. Paired with tulle pastel skirts reminiscent of fifties fashion style, plush wool coats to bear New York winter extremes, and Carrie’s favorite Manolo Blahnik heels, the bag’s relaunch represents the timelessness of female elegance and the little piece of prolific luxury that all women deserve to have in their closets. The beloved Fendi product will be offered in the styles and colors we remember as well as in a vast new array of colors from office-accepted neutrals, to bright, sparkling purples for the glittery, glamorous clubber. To mark this momentous step in the bag, and the fashion industry’s history, Fendi is also releasing a lookbook that looks back on the bag’s history. In praise for the bag’s rebirth, Fendi also launched a social media campaign, #BaguetteFriendsForever, recruiting a couple of It girls to parade around the New York City. Among these lucky gals was Caro Daur, Natasha Lau, Ebonee Davis, Melissa Martinez, and, well, you know, our favorite Sex and the City star. The video portrays the girlfriends in all the laughable antics that we have come to characterize with the HBO hit. It ends on a note that reminds us that the piece is not just a handbag, “It’s a baguette.”    Chinese New Year is just around the corner, and it gives you the best reasons to upgrade your wardrobe with a flash of red. But it can turn out to be quite stressful, finding the right shade of red for you to fit both your style and family traditions. So just in case you're stressing over what to wear, we listed down our favorites from this year's Chinese New Year collections featuring Dior, Burberry, Gucci, COS and more. Scroll down to check out our 2019 Chinese New Year style guide: It’s been a decade since Max Mara introduced The Cube, the innovative project that birthed a range of functional and lightweight outerwear and accessories that can all be conveniently fitted within, well, a cube. To mark the occasion, Max Mara tasked a handful of photographers to capture their interpretations of The Cube on camera, which resulted in a series of intriguing square-format shots for Fall 2018: For Spring 2019, the Italian brand has enlisted photographers Koto Bolofo and Erik Madigan Heck to capture the cult object in a new light. The former presented the iconic down jacket as a form of armor, while Heck brought it to life through playful imagery with saturated hues. Discover the images below: Saint Laurent has offered a different take on the Year of the Pig. In celebration of Lunar New Year, the French Maison has launched limited-edition accessories but don’t expect to find any pig emblems here. Instead, its iconic handbags and small leather goods have been decked out in different shades of metallic gold to complement any chic new-year look. The selection features favorites from the brand, such as the Kate chain bag, Coeur chain bag, Sunset chain bag, chain wallets, and key pouches. See them all below. Unlike other designer collaborations that see the creation of one-off capsules, Moncler Genius comes together with designers to reinterpret its iconic down jacket each season. The beauty of the project, conceived by Moncler CEO Remo Ruffini, is to let the creativity and vision of each designer take center stage and take the Moncler identity to new places. Today, Moncler Genius has announced its chosen designers that will be reimaging the Moncler identity for its Fall 2019 collection. They include designers Pierpaolo Piccioli & Liya Kebede, Sergio Zambon and Veronica Leoni for Moncler 1952, Sandro Mandrino for Moncler Grenoble, Simone Rocha, Craig Green, Fragment Hiroshi Fujiwara, Palm Angels Francesco Ragazzi and Poldo Dog Couture, as well as two new to Moncler Genius designers Matthew Williams of 1017 ALYX 9SM and Richard Quinn. The FW19 Geniuses’ collections will be unveiled during Milan Fashion Week on 20 February 2019. If the brand’s previous Genius presentations are anything to go by, we’ll be in for a unique visual treat. This year, "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" crosses the English Channel, ready to dazzle the British. Dior's most beautiful creations, designed by the brand's iconic artistic directors, will be exposed at the V&A in a spectacular setting. Christian Dior, Yves Saint Laurent, Marc Bohan, Gianfranco Ferre, John Galliano, Raf Simons, Maria Grazia Chiuri ... The seven creators who were all, for a time, at the head of the Avenue Montaigne will be honored,  as the exhibit reflects on the influence each of them had on the brand in the last 70 years. In Paris, the exhibition was a smash success. Every day, from its opening until its closing, the sidewalk in front of the Musée des Arts décoratifs was crowded with Parisians and tourists alike patiently waiting in line to enter. This coming Saturday, February 2nd, the crowds will gather at the V&A Museum in London, to visit the largest exhibition ever devoted to Christian Dior in Britain. Additionally, the English edition promises to be bigger than ever, with an added section dedicated to the French couturier's fascination with British culture. "Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams" is an event that fashion enthusiasts cannot miss if they are in London. Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams, from February 2nd to July 14th, 2019 at the V&A Museum in London. As part of the second wave of the Moncler Genius project, Moncler follows up its collaborations with Fragment's Hiroshi Fujiwara and Craig Green by releasing the 2 Moncler 1952 Spring/Summer 2019 capsule today.  Much like the first collection, the latest offerings from the 2 Moncler 1952 line plays with classic items by the luxury skiwear brand and updates them with modern details. Wardrobe staples like the blouson, pleated skirt, and the parka are transformed with new volumes and textures to keep things fresh.  A highlight of the capsule is the exceptional use of fabrics, ranging from the sportswear-friendly cotton drill and technical faille to more decorative options like crepe de chine with an allover lettering print that spells out "Moncler". You'll also find some pieces perfectly suitable for Valentine's Day in the mix, such as the bomber jacket and turtleneck sweater that are boldly emblazoned with the word "LOVE". Discover the full collection below: The 2 Moncler 1952 SS19 collection is now available in Moncler boutiques and on moncler.com. Iris Apfel, 97, sees no decline in her near future. In fact, she just signed a contract with IMG. With such a powerful agency backing the tastemaker turned model, there’s no telling where Apfel will go from here. Having never had a proper agent, Apfel still possesses a spectacular resume. Aside from taking part in design restoration projects at the White House throughout nine different presidencies, Apfel has already had a taste of the modeling world, landing ad campaigns with MAC Cosmetics and Kate Spade before ever being a signed model. It’s no surprise that IMG would be interested in representing an icon like Apfel. The agency, founded by legendary sports agent, Mark McCormack was brought into fruition based off of the idea that models could be managed in the same vein as professional athletes, and other entertainers. The agency believes that their talents’ popularity can be leveraged into strong personal brands beyond the magazine page or runway, which is perfect for Apfel who’s already had a documentary that followed her career as a stylist and designer, as well as a museum retrospective at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. In a recent telephone interview with WWD, the fashion industry news-journal where she began her career in fashion, Apfel stated that she’s not looking to do runway work now that she’s a professional model. She’s simply hoping to “just stick around,” aiming for more opportunities in terms of print and digital work as well as collaborations similar to the ones she did with Bon Marché in Paris as well as Bergdorf Goodman. According to Apfel, there’s no time like the present to continue to pursue her career. Even in her 90s, she doesn’t think a number should stop her from working, and we agree. If you love what you do, keep doing it! Following its theatrical show held at the Le Palace nightclub and theatre in Montmartre, Paris last September 2018, creative director Alessandro Michele continues to pay tribute to the idea of theatrics for the Gucci Showtime campaign. Inspired by the golden era of Hollywood musical in the 40s and 50s, Alessandro takes the cue from legendary films like An American in Paris (1951), The Band Wagon (1953), Cover Girl (1944) and more to realize his vision for the season. Watch the campaign film by Glen Luchford below: Working with Glen Luchford once again for both photography and film, the #GucciShowtime campaign brings back the technicolor and on-screen theatrics of the golden era with the classic Alessandro's Gucci twist we all know and love. But before we get into the full rainbow of imagery, we want to let you take a look at a separate set of imagery that Glen and Alessandro have produced – highly stylised black and white images that mimics the traditional celebrity stills used in Hollywood of that era. Cool, elegant and endlessly glamorous, these black and white stills project the other side of Gucci that very few knew about, but for those in the know like us, we have always loved it.  See the black and white stills below: And now onwards to the glitz and glamour, we see a new Gucci universe that takes place in a space with colorful sets, grand stages, and staircases, where the stars (models), dressed in Gucci, tap dance to uniform routines with a contrast of a more surreal dream sequence of backdrops. The mood is joyful and the models are beaming with energy portraying a renewed sense of quirkiness for Gucci where pinup girls wear studded one-piece swimsuits, dancers dance in bedazzled Gucci sneakers and leading actresses flaunt the new Rajah bags. Let's not forget that magnificent number where the model dressed in glittering fringes as a birthday surprise for a stuffy, rigid society party – truly a Hollywood moment you cannot miss. Just see in for yourselves right down below with all 20 images of the #GucciShowtime campaign. CREDITS: Creative Director: Alessandro Michele
Art Director: Christopher Simmonds
Photographer/Director: Glen Luchford
Hair Stylist: Paul Hanlon
Makeup Artist: Isamaya Ffrench   IMAGES & VIDEO AN AMERICAN IN PARIS: TM & © Turner Entertainment Co. (s19)
SINGIN’ IN THE RAIN: TM & © Turner Entertainment Co. (s19)
THE BAND WAGON: TM & © Turner Entertainment Co. (s19)
GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES © 2019 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.
THERE’S NO BUSINESS LIKE SHOW BUSINESS © 2019 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation.
COVER GIRL © 2019 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   VIDEO MUSIC "THERE’S NO BUSINESS LIKE SHOW BUSINESS” by Irvin Berlin
© Berlin Irving Music Corp.
Courtesy of Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation It’s always special when various art forms collide, and that’s why we’re so excited about the launch of Acne Studios Spring 2019 women’s collection, which is heavily influenced by ballet. Johnny Johansen, the brand’s creative director stated he “was interested in how dancers wear clothes both to enhance their movement and to express character,” and we’re interested too; it’s about time fashion met function. The collection includes seamlessly constructed knit bodies, crepe slip dresses, and voluminous separates. The garments are designed for both practical use and expression and feature slim blazers, a long linen trench coat, and even a tuxedo. The looks presented in the runway show featured combinations of jersey and leather, while some garments donned graphics from ballet posters and drawings from grand opera houses and Swan Lake, yet the excitement doesn’t stop there. In celebration of the collection, which launches in stores worldwide today, Acne commissioned Ukrainian ballerina and model Sonya Mohova to create four self-shot clips representing a dancer’s life while sporting some of the collection’s key pieces. The clips paint an intimate portrait of her and her world, as she dances from rehearsal to performance and from being off-duty to a night out. Her artistic interpretations of these acts are a great example of how the collection allows room to breathe and move while complimenting the body and looking très chic. Photography by Ethan James Green / Courtesy of Altuzarra Fans of Altuzarra’s sensual yet classy aesthetic have something to celebrate, as the brand has announced a new ‘Play’ bag. Named for its mischievous look that plays with contrast, it pairs an organic silhouette with bondage-inspired metal buckles for a bag that feels at once timeless and provocative. Creative director Joseph Altuzarra has been developing the ‘Play’ bag for the last two years, and his hard work finally hits the market today.  The new release fits with the New York-based Parisian’s message of sensual female empowerment that has helped him to become one of fashion’s most sought-after creative directors. Altuzarra’s vision of a brand that speaks to femininity and reflects fashion’s transformative influence now manifests as a suggestive bag that’s still probably safe for work. Altuzarra first launched handbags in 2015, with the ‘Espadrille’ Tote becoming a favorite amongst women. The lighthearted new ‘Play’ bag is dainty and chic; casual, yet undeniably Altuzarra. Despite the hobo design, with its adjustable straps and tasseled fringe, the bag still beautifully models the label’s essence, seductive yet sophisticated in its versatility. It allows the wearer to conveniently pull their outfit together for anything from rolling out of bed for the gym to enjoying girls’ night out in a killer look. “Women are looking for a bag that can do a lot for them, said Altuzarra of his eclectic concept, which resembles his goal with his clothing. “That’s a big part of what I cherish about the process we have with the clothing and I wanted that spirit in the bag.” The bag is available on Altuzarra’s website beginning today, and will also be at his Madison Avenue pop-up shop, opening February 1 as a celebration of the brand’s 10-year anniversary. After more than a century of producing elegant, ready to wear clothing, luxurious handbags, fragrances, chic footwear among other products,  the House of Chanel has fearlessly transformed fashion, offering timeless new perspectives on femininity. With a style reflective of the innovative vision of its creator, Gabrielle ‘Coco’ Chanel, comes a rendition of the brand’s home in Chicago, designed by New York-based architect and frequent Chanel collaborator, Peter Marino. Set to open on Wednesday, January 30, during one of the most blisteringly cold days of January weather the Midwest has ever seen, the 10,000-square-foot store on Oak Avenue marks the newest addition to the brand’s collection of worldwide boutiques. “With the size of our location at the Drake Hotel, as well as the increasing importance of the Chicago market, we were looking for a larger space that would allow us to showcase the universe of our house in a more expansive space,” explained Chanel Inc.’s president and COO John Galantic. Marino echoed that statement. “It’s essential that each location reflects a differentiated point of view, both through the product offering and design, so that we can continue to surprise and delight our clients,” he mused. Upon entering the spacious Drake Hotel, viewers are met with a clean and fresh take on minimalist aesthetic with black granite, complemented by a white stone exterior, decorated with artwork, carpets, and upholstery. Viewers are greeted by glistening, extravagant jewels in clear, translucent cases, lined against glistening matte black, gold, white and beige walls. Mannequins are illuminated by a light-filled ground floor, decorated by other Chanel products such as handbags and footwear. After waltzing about the refined collections on the first floor, customers can head up a skylit staircase to the second floor that houses ready-to-wear collections, a shoe salon, and a lounge area for busy-bee shoppers in need of a quick breath. The three private fitting rooms are just as indulgent as the upholstered tweed chairs and other sumptuous furnishings, and the commissioned paintings that surround them. So step into this wondrous new universe of Chanel, and be ready to be swept away, as if in a gleaming, harmonious dream of splendid interiors and finely pieced together embroideries. For Spring 2019 Salvatore Ferragamo enriches its Patchwork of Characters concept by uniting a diverse group of individuals to revel in the beauty of sun-saturated, midsummer Italy. Under the creative directorship of Paul Andrew, and photographed by Harley Weir, the Spring 2019 campaign is designed to showcase not only this season’s collection but also the enduring values of the house. Shot in the lushly cultivated gardens of a privately-owned villa close to Rome, in the Tuscia Region, the campaign imagines a group of far-flung friends come together to enjoy the pleasures of an Italian lifestyle. Our diverse cast of models—female and male, from all across the world, and spanning a broad age-range—reflects the diversity of the global Salvatore Ferragamo clientele. What they share is an appreciation for the inclusive refinement and sophisticated discernment expressed in the contemporary designs of Paul Andrew and Guillaume Meilland for Salvatore Ferragamo. The fertile gardens of the location mirror the lushly patterned palm print that runs through the collection. The venerable location and the theme of togetherness reflect the prominence of Salvatore Ferragamo’s famous Gancini this season—highlights include the new Gancini monogram on jacquards and silks, as well as the Gancini hardware on shoes, eyewear, and belts. Paul Andrew said: “Through this campaign, we want to celebrate the world of Salvatore Ferragamo and showcase the texture and dimension of the season’s clothes and accessories. This is a collection designed to be elevated and refined but also real and approachable. Furthermore, this campaign is not some dreamed up fashion fantasy: Harley’s beautifully shot images reflect what we know to be true about Salvatore Ferragamo: it is a house whose history of innovation and sophistication has earned it an international audience that spans both genders, almost every nation, and almost every age group. That is something for us to shout from the rooftops.” Check the gallery below: Credits: Carolyn Murphy-Georgina Grenville-Fei Fei Sun-Binx Walton-Cara Taylor Didier Vinson-Henry Kitcher-Daniel Morel   Creative Director: Paul Andrew Photographer/Director: Harley Weir Agency: Laird+Partners   Stylist: Jodie Barnes Casting Director: Piergiorgio Del Moro Hair: Jimmy Paul Make-up: Thomas De Kluyver Location: Villa Trinita, Rome Directed by: Baptiste Jehan
Styling by: Jennifer Eymère
Fashion Credits: CHANEL
Soundtrack: Leopardo
Digital Art Direction: Marine Giraudo
Production: The Official Paris / Jalouse Mag Makeup by Rihanna? Check. Lingerie by Rihanna? Check. Luxury ready-to-wear by Rihanna? You might soon be able to check that off the list too, according to a new report by WWD. Citing "multiple sources", WWD says that the singer has been in talks with LVMH—the French luxury conglomerate that owns Dior, Givenchy, Kenzo and more — to launch her very own luxury brand. It is said that LVMH had begun putting together a fashion team for the brand, comprising employees from Louis Vuitton and Celine, about six months ago in Paris. The team will work together with Rihanna and her key associates on designing ready-to-wear, leather goods and accessories for her label.  There's no official word out yet about if and when the label is launching, but a source suggests that the first collection will be released together with Rihanna's upcoming album coming out later this year. This will make it the first fashion brand to be launched under LVMH since Christian Lacroix in 1987. Riri herself was recently spotted in Manhattan wearing a pair of "Fenty"-branded gold shades (since dubbed the "mystery sunglasses"), which caused more speculation about her rumored fashion label. (It's worth noting that her cosmetics line, Fenty Beauty, is currently owned by LVMH as well.) Rihanna has already proven herself to be a great fit for fashion. Her lingerie label, Savage x Fenty, made its much-buzzed-about runway debut last September, becoming one of the highlights of New York Fashion Week. Even before that, she was making waves as a fashion designer with her Fenty x Puma collections when she served as Puma's Creative Director between 2015 and 2017.  And let's not forget Rihanna's status as a style icon, to which her name on several best-dressed lists, as well as the number of likes typically amassed on IG photos of her bold, trendsetting street style, are a testament. Last year, she even played co-host at the Met Gala—AKA fashion's biggest night out—alongside Anna Wintour and Donatella Versace. With all that said, one question remains: if Rihanna does launch her own luxury fashion label, will it also be as successful as her other business ventures? While her unparalleled celebrity influence is an undeniable factor, what really led Fenty Beauty and Savage x Fenty to achieve what few other celebrity-led brands have is her diversity-driven approach: she made sure her products could cater to all women, regardless of their skin colors, shapes or sizes. For a luxury fashion label, though, that approach might be a little trickier to adopt. Traditionally, designer brands (like the ones LVMH owns) have banked their appeal on a sense of exclusivity, one that speaks directly to an older and more affluent crowd. However, in recent years, the fashion industry has been shifting its focus to a younger generation, largely thanks to the rise of streetwear.   Streetwear may be turning the tide, but LVMH has made bold moves to stay afloat. In 2018, it appointed streetwear maven and Off-White founder Virgil Abloh as Louis Vuitton's Artistic Director of Menswear, making him the first black designer to helm the house. Abloh, who mirrors Rihanna in influence, is often regarded as the new voice of youth fashion and culture. In the world of luxury streetwear, however, there is a spot that needs to be filled that even Abloh is not qualified for: one for a female leader. Could Rihanna be gearing up to assume that very role with her new luxury fashion label? We'll have to wait and see. One of Riccardo Tisci's biggest projects for Burberry, the B Series is back again this January 17, 2019, and the color choice is bold and beautiful red. Kickstarted on September 17, 2018, the B Series is a limited edition monthly product launch that sees "TB" (which stands for Thomas Burberry) logo-stamped products drop on every 17th of the month for only 24 hours. And for the latest drop in January, Burberry gets us riled up in red with two new designs—a polo shirt and a sweatshirt—featuring the Thomas Burberry monogram. And can we say that this is just perfect for us to usher in the coming Chinese New Year! See it for yourselves below: The new Burberry B Series will officially drop on 17th January 2019 at 12 PM GMT (7 AM EST) exclusively on Burberry’s Instagram (@burberry) for 24 hours. After a collaboration with Karl Lagerfeld and becoming 2018's Model of the Year, Kaia Gerber has set her sights on conquering fashion in 2019 — starting with a Jimmy Choo campaign. The 17-year-old It-girl is the fresh-faced star of the luxury shoewear and accessories label's Spring/Summer 2019 campaign, shot by none other than acclaimed photographer Steven Meisel. Channeling the collection's confident spirit, Gerber is captured in a series of portraits featuring Jimmy Choo's star-spangled Helia bag and glittering Raine sneakers. The model also sports Jimmy Choo's limited-edition K-T-shirts and K-hoodie, which were designed in collaboration with M/M Paris and will be available exclusively at the brand's website. Check out the campaign below: Photography and Styling by Teddy Quinlivan Model Teddy Quinlivan is perhaps one of the fashion industry’s most vocal members of the queer community—and she wouldn’t have it any other way. Discovered by Louis Vuitton’s creative director Nicolas Ghesquière in 2015, Quinlivan came out as transgender in 2017 and has since become an outspoken advocate not only for the trans community but for other marginalized communities that find themselves confronted with systemic bias and discrimination. With the arrival of President Trump into office, Quinlivan has further embraced her activism, utilizing her visibility as a high-profile model to disrupt and confront existing stereotypes about trans identifying individuals. At just 24 years of age, Quinlivan already has a long list of accomplishments to her name, but she shows no signs of slowing down. Having recently relocated to Paris, Quinlivan has begun to contemplate life beyond modeling, looking toward other vehicles and outlets to express herself. In an exclusive for L’Officiel USA, Quinlivan turned the camera lens on herself for a series of self-portrait digital collages exploring the world of video game culture, while sitting down to talk about her career, the Age of Trump, and the mantle of being called a “trans activist.” JOSEPH AKEL: What inspired your gaming-inspired collages? TEDDY QUINLIVAN: For me growing up, video games were such a big part of my life. I was particularly drawn to the aspect that allowed you to choose the gender of the character you selected. It kind of allowed me to quietly fulfill the fantasy of pretending to be the woman that I thought I was inside, living vicariously through the video game characters.  Conversely, I've never seen a video game in my life where there's a transgender character. So for me, I felt like it would be really funny to call it GayStation instead of PlayStation to disrupt these notions of gamer avatars. Also, so much has changed with video games from when I was growing up—the games spawn whole cultures around themselves, like Cosplay conventions. I felt like the genre was really ready for some kind of exploration between art and fashion. Ultimately, the pieces created are just a playful, almost dated riff upon the tackiness of old PlayStation and GameCube covers, a sort of deliberate attempt to satirize that quality of their packaging and design.   AKEL: Speaking of disruption, how do you respond to being identified as a trans activist? What forms of pressure does that entail? Do you welcome the title? QUINLIVAN: Well, for me, I didn't come out because I wasn't willing to talk about being trans. I came out because I thought I had a personal call and to do so, felt like I had a responsibility to my community. Ultimately, I knew it was going to come with the territory. Being trans doesn't define me. It's an aspect of my life and it's something that makes me unique and different.  But [as for] being identified as an activist, or the face of the community, I knew what I was signing up for when I came out publicly. That publicity, however, has given me a platform. The more voices we have to bring to the subject of being transgender, then the better. The more transgender people talk about being transgender, the more people recognize us and hear our voices. The one difficulty I sometimes have with my profile as a public trans figure is that I've been scared at times to be myself because I want to be a role model for the community, but I also like to have fun, I like to be a little bit crazy and outspoken and, have an opinion, but I do feel a lot of pressure to make my trans brothers and sisters—and everybody in between—proud.   AKEL: You’re very outspoken about Donald Trump and unafraid to criticize him. QUINLIVAN: Trump directly threatens everything the fashion industry stands for, whether that is taking away the rights of trans people or the LGBTQIA+ community, the rights of immigrants, the rights of people of color. The fashion industry is made up of immigrants. It's made up of people of color. It's made up of people from the LGBTQIA+ community. It's made up of women. AKEL: How has fashion helped you come to better understand who you are and what about the medium draws you to it? QUINLIVAN:  My love of fashion is so much more personal than just walking the fashion show or just doing the shoot. It's about being a part of the history of fashion. That was always my motivation to be a model. It’s what got me up in the morning. The actual modeling part is not an easy job, it’s not what excited me. In so many ways you're just expected to shut up and take it. You don't really have a say in what goes on. That said, I’ve been very lucky in my experiences and I feel really grateful in that respect and for the opportunities that I’ve been given. Am I critical of fashion? Yes. But I criticize it from a point of loving it and wanting it to be the very best that it can be. I know the power of fashion and that’s why I love it.   AKEL: What inspired you to make your recent move to Paris? QUINLIVAN: New York was putting me in this very negative mindset, that there was such a strong social hierarchy. Like you go to a party and there's a VIP section and if you’re not in it, you’re haven’t made it. Or, instead of people introducing themselves properly, conversations begin with a ‘Who are you? What do you do?’ It just felt like what I was valued for in my social sphere in New York maybe wasn’t what I felt like I deserved to be valued for. And so for me, moving to Paris was really more of a rebellion against like New York. Don’t get me wrong, I love New York—it's one of the most incredible cities in the world and I had such a fun time there. But I just wanted a better lifestyle for myself. I'm also in this transition period in my career as well, where I said, I feel like I've kind of done what I set out to do as a model and I'm trying to segue into something more, maybe more creatively rewarding for me. But, it’s also a return of sorts. Paris is where I came when I was first a model. It’s where I became an adult. And now I feel like it’s the right time to come back. All clothing Louis Vuitton by Nicolas Ghesquière Like a religious procession from centuries past, 3000 people on a winter night poured into Florence’s Santa Maria Novella church to witness something special. The building was in darkness; torches handed to everybody who passed through the church doors, shone shaky spotlights on religious effigies, caught like crooks. But this strange, late evening venture into one of Italy’s most prolific buildings wasn’t for religious purposes: Pitti Uomo 95’s guest designer Y/Project—headed up by Bruges-born Glenn Martens—was taking over the space for the night. Past the naves, through a garden and into a vast cloister attached to the church, thousands of people, including fashion students from the town (Martens’s request to make the show feel more democratic) gathered to see the brands’ Fall 2019 co-ed collection. A Chinese drum beat, hollow and ominous, slowly gained momentum, increasing in frequency until the sound grew bloodcurdling and strong. There were no lights to dim here—those of the guests guided the way. It’s no surprise that Y/Project, a brand who notoriously reject the notion of simplicity for simplicity’s sake, chose such a memorable if forgivably compromising method in which to showcase their latest collection here at Pitti. Straightforwardness is something the brand has never dwelled on, especially not since Martens took over from Yohan Sefarty after his death in 2013. Martens’s history with interior architecture—which he studied before settling in fashion—means he’s been toying with dimensions and proportions since his time at the brand began; from the opening look, it was no different here. A heavy piped, royal blue denim pantsuit that, when off the body almost resembled sofa covers, looked striking when worn. His tailoring – something that dominated this season – took the form of corduroy suits with kimono-like jackets; another herringbone number had skewed lapels and footballer broad shoulders. But perhaps the most sumptuous? A silk-lapel mint suit, styled with a seafoam shirt and a billowing faux leather jacket,  further cementing the heavy leather trend for fall 2019. In the womenswear, there was something slightly Celtic about his faux leather floor length pleated skirts, war-torn jacquards and nipple grazing, translucent tartan tops. The notion of history—something that Martens has addressed and successfully subverted during his time at Y/Project—came through in much of what was on show; the legendary setting only heightening it so. But just as his references hearken to the past, his methods of channeling them come hurtling forward several centuries too. In one look, a dress with over-long sleeves and a bustier cut neckline was printed with vintage patterns, like those worn by Scottish princesses—only Martens's rendition was produced in faux fur and paired with a pipe-legged jean-boot hybrid. And those jacquard knits? Many of them layered with tulle, to give a 3D pop effect. Often, what Martens’s mind creates is so bizarre that it would warrant a second or third glance off the runway, but the brilliant component of his work is that you can see it existing on the streets anyway. The notion of ‘wearability’ is something plenty of designers have to reckon with, but it’s often used as a synonym for compromise. In the case of Y/Project, that’s never a question: these collections often feel like a ‘What’s Not Right About This Picture?’ puzzle from the pages of a children’s magazine. Only the ‘not right’ is merely unfamiliar, and we’re forced to use our inquisition to make pleasant sense of Martens’s singular and, despite what you might think perfectly wearable vision. And it’s a confident one, too. It’s easy to forget there was once a time when Y/Project was in limbo; Martens waiting respectfully to make a full impact on a brand that had meant so much to its late founder and those around. Now, as the brand becomes synonymous with the new man’s stylings, Martens is comfortable making his mark. “ We chose a slow transition instead, moving away from Yohan’s [vision] into mine,” he told L’Officiel USA before the show. “But in the last three years, I’m very happy with the artistic direction of the brand,” he smiled. It shows. Thankfully, we are too. View our favorite looks from the collection, below. Burberry is ushering in the Year of the Pig with a new Chinese New Year campaign that has just been unveiled. Starring brand ambassadors Zhao Wei and Zhou Dongyu, the campaign shot and directed by photographer Ethan James Green celebrates family traditions and togetherness during the festive period. “The campaign draws on the concept of families reunited for the most important holiday of the year, and represents a sense of belonging, but in a fresh way,” says Zhao, who together with Zhou are making their Burberry campaign debut. Inspired by classic portraiture, the campaign is set in an informal urban environment and juxtaposes the traditional and the contemporary. “A family portrait is a very simple concept, but the ceremonial sense behind it holds so much more,” shares Zhou. The campaign features classic Burberry pieces including the trench coat and archive-print scarves, as well as urban staples such as hoodies, t-shirts, and joggers, which are all available in-stores and online at burberry.com. Kenzo is always doing something different from the pack, and their Spring 2019 campaign is no exception. The co-ed collection, which debuted at Paris Fashion Week Men's last June, took inspiration from summer rituals, so creative directors Humberto Leon and Carol Lim brought on David LaChapelle to work his magical photography skills within the theme of "Kenzotopia." The result is colorful, surreal, and plenty of fun, providing a convincing argument for skipping winter and heading to a warmer destination immediately. Shot at LaChapelle's Los Angeles studio, the campaign takes a layered approach to photography in its cultivated paradise. Streetscapes and nature scenes create the backdrop, though it's obvious they are not truly there but instead images along the floor, ceiling, and walls. Models star alongside performers, students, and even Leon's mother Wendy, posing amidst unexpected items like fire hydrants, shovels, and ladders. "It was the contrast of suburbia, industry versus the natural world, the urban world versus nature, and the common denominator being those humans that occupy those spaces and journeying into the natural world from the manmade," LaChapelle said of the project. "That was the very simple idea." Leon and Lim, who broke from references to current events in favor of escapism, knew LaChapelle would be the perfect photographer to transport viewers to another world. Both have long been fans of the lensman's artsy, socially aware work, and they felt his aesthetic was promising for their approach of juxtaposing the industrial and the suburban through creative concepts such as repurposing stripper poles as playground equipment and reimagining Botticelli's Primavera.  All of these sources of inspiration make for a bright, movement-filled campaign that provides a hopeful start to 2019. While the images from Maui may provoke some cabin fever, the shoot overall is a reminder of the fun in fashion and the ability for colorful scenes to arise in any setting. Awards season has officially begun with last night's Golden Globes, and the red carpet looks are proving to be as good as this year's movies. All the nominees, as well as many others of today's favorite stars, went all out for a night of drinking champagne and listening to Andy Samberg and Sandra Oh's wholesome burns. Nearly all of the 100 people in the room (figuratively speaking, and where have you heard that one before?) had their eyes fixated on Lady Gaga's periwinkle Valentino number, but there were several other showstoppers as well, such as Janelle Monáe's moment in Chanel's new Egypt-inspired Métiers d'Art collection and Timothée Chalamet's glittery harness by none other than Virgil Abloh for Louis Vuitton. Click through our gallery below to see the best moments from Hollywood's most fun awards night. It looks like Coach's Americana moment isn't quite over yet. In fact, if the New York label had its way, you'd be dressed in billowing boho dresses and other variations of prairie-wear from its Spring 2019 collection in the coming months. To best capture its American Western spirit for a new campaign, Coach took a road trip down to the wild, wild West Coast. For the occasion, the brand gathered its very own girl gang—comprising Coach ambassadors Kiko Mizuhara and Guan Xiaotong, as well as models Adut Akech, Sora Choi, Indira Scott, Fran Summers, and Kiki Willems—right in the heart of a desert outside of Los Angeles. There, against a backdrop of a faded carnival (no tumbleweed included), British photographer Craig McDean captured the collection and its standout offerings: the Coach Dreamer bag with a new patchwork façade; the classic Coach Parker Top Hande bag; and the many sweaters and accessories featuring the likes of Bambi, Dumbo and the Aristocats, courtesy of Coach's Disney collaboration. Discover Coach's Spring 2019 campaign in the gallery below: If diamonds are a girl's best friend, then the box that they come in has to be extra special. Cartier knows this very well, as any recipient of its iconic red octagonal jewelry box would tell you. They'd also be delighted to know that the Maison has transformed that beloved box into something a little more than a keepsake.  Enter the Guirlande De Cartier handbag. Much like Cartier's jewelry case, the box bag stands out from all the others: it features a geometric form made up of 8 clean-cut sides, assembled together with smooth calfskin leather in rich shades of red, green or black. To top it all off, the bag's façade is adorned with a gold frieze trimming that gives it a nice, regal touch. As it is, the Guirlande De Cartier makes for a great piece of arm candy to tote around, but the handbag also comes with a detachable leather strap for days when you'd like to flaunt it while on the go. You can also choose between the mini, small and medium sizes. Discover the Guirlande De Cartier handbag collection below: The Guirlande De Cartier handbag collection will be available in Cartier stores from March.  Photography by Richie Talboy Styling by Dani Michelle Fantasy. Love. Escape. Glitz. Glamour. Fun. These are the pillars of performance persona Erika Jayne’s world. What started as an art project from the mind of one Erika Girardi has now become a movement—one that encourages everybody to channel their fierceness and live their truth out loud and proud.  Hailing from the great city of Atlanta, Georgia, Erika’s journey has been as colorful and complex as her current destination, but throughout the twists and turns, performing was a constant. That being said, let us entertain you. We spoke to the self-proclaimed Pretty Mess about life, fashion, and what’s to come in the future, accompanied by our very own version of fashion roleplay inspired by Ginger Mckenna (played by Sharon Stone), from Martin Scorsese's 1995 film, Casino. What's something you tell yourself every day? I can do it. I earned it. It's something you have to remind yourself.   I've been watching interviews where you say that Erika Jayne is about having fun, letting loose, dancing, forgetting troubles. I'm curious, who was that person for you when you were growing up? I think it's something that I had to teach myself because growing up wasn't always a barrel of laughs. I was insecure and I had a lot of self-doubts, which is why I tell myself I can do it and that I earned it. I think you kind of become your own best cheerleader. I mean, obviously, my mom and my grandmother were big cheerleaders of mine, but at the end of the day, you have to be your own cheerleader—every day. Otherwise, it's not going to work out if you don't believe in yourself. I think a lot of it, too, is looking around and saying 'Why not me?' You know, 'Why not me?' I mean, if they can do it I can do it. There's nothing that special about anyone, really.    Hell yeah.  So, if they can do it, I can do it, too.  Tell me about your earliest performance memories. When I was performing for my family, that's just like childhood. So you know I asked to be introduced, I would get in the closet and jump out, I'd have them say my name and jump up on the coffee table. It was just being a child, playing out a fantasy. [Then] doing children's theater and then go to a performing arts high school, where we performed all over the world, really, is where you got your best training.    Later came Real Housewives of Beverly Hills… I definitely think that The Real Housewives opportunity brought Erika Jayne into people's living rooms. You know, Erika Jayne was in nightclubs and things like that. Everyone's gotten a taste of Erika Jayne and it's nice to see the people coming to the shows because a lot of women are coming from you know college and often and it's great you know mostly it was in the gay clubs and now it's everybody, which is cool.    What’s it been like to see your growth? I enjoy seeing the growth, it’s great. Having been on the Pretty Mess tour here for these last couple of months and looking at the people that are coming and having a good time, it's very special very special. I definitely owe a lot of that to the exposure from Housewives for sure.    Can you describe what goes on before taking the stage? It's organized chaos. Everything is different. You have a sound check—a very thorough sound check—to make sure that everything is worked out so smoothly and then you're in glam, and then you have a small prayer before you hit the stage and it's it's a lot of fun. That's what it's all about. You want to come together and be thankful for having the privilege of getting to do what you love for work.   What is the hardest part about touring? The hardest part about touring is you get tired and you can get very irritable because you don't sleep well all the time. The biggest thing is managing your sleep and trying to eat right because you know that when you're tired and irritable you inevitably want comfort food. i.e. junk food and sugar. Congratulations on the TED Talk, by the way. That’s huge! Oh, thank you. Hardest thing I've ever done.    How did that come to be? Yes. So TED Pasadena reached out to me in the spring of last year and asked if I'd be interested in doing a [TED] Talk. I was totally blown away because I would have never thought that would even come across my universe.  I said yes, and it's the hardest thing I've ever done.  I thought that talking about my own life wouldn't be that challenging but it turned out that it was. If anyone gets a chance to do [one] I highly recommend it because it's very challenging. You know, I still haven't watched mine. I still won't watch it.   Do you feel that moment pushed you as a performer? Well, yeah, Erika Jane is a mask, even though she's a great part of your personality, it's still a performance persona. When I was standing on the red circle, there was nothing there. [It’s] just a human being and telling your story and you know, I didn't know what was going to happen. I didn't know whether people would like it or not like it or you just don't know. It's something completely different.    And did that moment giving the talk and then sort of after, has that changed your delivery or do you now approach things differently?  I think that it's made some of the other things easier because when you strip it down that raw.  After you've laid it all out there, like in TED, there's really nothing left to say. You kind of expose it all.  What role has fashion played in your life?  Well, fashion is a way to escape and to express your personality and to have fun. I have always liked the idea of fashion and creating personalities with fashion. Let it be over the top or understated or effortless or chic. Or, you know, Erika Jayne with 100 crystals on her face. That’s always been a theme of my life. I’ve always enjoyed costume. I think it's a great part of life, honestly. It's really self-expression.    Would you say that Ginger from Scorsese’s Casino is one of those personalities?  Oh man, I got to live out my inner Ginger fantasy [with this shoot]. Casino is probably my favorite movie next to The Godfather, go figure. Ginger is one of the best female characters of all time. You helped me live out one of my one of my major fantasies! Thank you. Now that tour is over, what are your plans? The ShoeDazzle collaboration comes out and then also my collaboration with Too Faced Cosmetics.   Too Faced! Tell me more. It's two different personalities. You get the Erika Jane and the Erika Girardi. You get lips and eyes and kissable body shimmers and all kinds of other stuff. I'm super excited about it. Jerrod [Blandino] and I are friends and I couldn't think of anyone else to be in the makeup business with. He’s amazing.    What is still left on Erika's list of goals?  I'm just going to say one word: more. Let's just leave it right there.  Credits Hair: Clyde Haygood Makeup: Etienne Ortega Production: Yael Quint and Abraham Martinez Photographer's Assistant: Melody English Stylist Assistants: Mina Erkli, Tinne Ridder-Nielson, Anaa Saber Video: Ben Chabanon Assistant DPs: Maia Stoicovici and Cole Carter Special Thanks: Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa Barely two years in the role, Raf Simons is exiting Calvin Klein and will not be showing at the coming New York Fashion Week in February, as originally reported by BoF. A premonition coming through, the exit of Raf Simons from the New York label comes with little surprise as Calvin Klein's parent PVH Corp. chief executive Emanuel Chirico has just recently criticized the direction of the brand since the appointment of Raf Simons and its poor financial performance in the market. In a statement, Calvin Klein says, "Both parties have amicably decided to part ways after Calvin Klein Inc. decided on a new brand direction which differs from Simons’ creative vision". Although his vision was a success on the runway that was applauded by many and even winning multiple fashion awards, it seems that Raf Simons's vision for Calvin Klein failed to translate to sales for the mass market, a core for the house of Calvin Klein. Even with the brand's massive push to translate Raf's high-end Calvin Klein 205W39NYC into its subsidiary line Calvin Klein Jeans and the appointment of pop-culture stars like the Kardashians as ambassadors, the deal fell short. So with just eight months left in his initial contract with the company, Raf Simons and Calvin Klein decided to break things off. According to BoF, PVH Corp. chief executive Emanuel Chirico had even mentioned that Raf's vision and his Calvin Klein denim collection was a "fashion miss". He says, "We will cut back on a number of these planned investments in the 205 collection business, and as we move forward, we will [be taking] a more...commercial approach to this important business." That said, many still applaud Raf's constant push for American arts and culture throughout his tenure including the collaboration with the Andy Warhol Foundation. CFDA Chief Executive Steven Kolb says, "Raf brought a unique point of view to American fashion and the CFDA wishes him future success. Calvin Klein is an iconic American brand that will continue to flourish under new creative direction.” As of now, Calvin Klein has officially announced that they will not be showing at the New York Fashion Week Fall/Winter 2019 shows in the coming February. The world of sleepwear is an ever-evolving one, bending and morphing constantly to reflect current trends, stories, and moods. Although more intimate, much like its cousin daywear, the options for sleepwear have become much more expansive throughout the years—whether it's in the form of an oversized t-shirt, a silky shift, or a matching set. Some of sleepwear’s most memorable moments can easily be referenced back to the silver screen, making its mark on pop culture. It's made an impression on film numerous times, including Michelle Pfeiffer’s night sets in 1983’s Scarface, Audrey Hepburn’s makeshift pajamas exuding the actress’ quiet glamour in Truman Capote’s Breakfast at Tiffany’s, and also in Sofia Coppola’s iconic coming of age film The Virgin Suicides, where an article of clothing came to be so much more than just that. During SS18, it famously made its way down the runway during NYFW when Vaquera featured a robe-like ensemble that was both suited for leisurely downtime and the red carpet. Sleepwear’s history can be traced back many years ago from loungewear in India to the rise of the “Baby Doll” pajamas worn by women in the 1960’s. But maybe most delightfully it has made its way beyond the bedroom and to the light of day with brands creating pajama-inspired designs that look as good in bed as they do out on the street. Through the decades, it has been an expression of the personality, an extension of the self, and a reflection of history and experience, but how did this crossover come to be? L’Officiel spoke to Emma Kadar-Penner, Fashion Historian and Co-Founder of Friends NYC, to gain more insight into the evolution of sleepwear. “Marie Antoinette is the first example that comes to my mind, when it comes to the blurring of daytime/nighttime dressing boundaries,” Emma says, “Marie Antoinette loved to spend time at her castle, Petit Trianon, which was designed as a glorified country estate, a place where she could pretend to be a simple, country girl and shed the strict restrictions required by her position as the wife of Louis XVI. This desire for informality extended to clothing, and while at her chateau, the Queen would dress in a much less restricted way than when she was at court”. “In 1783, Marie Antoinette was painted in one of these Petit Trianon outfits—a tissue-thin chemise gown; a white, airy, cotton dress. It may not look like much to our contemporary eyes, but the dress resembled an article of sleepwear, not fashionable dress fit for a queen. For this reason, the portrait caused an uproar amongst the French, not only because it was made of cotton, a distinctly non-French non-silk fabric, but also because Marie Antoinette appeared to be in a state of undress. The intimacy of seeing the Queen in what appeared to be an at-home garment for rest was interpreted as a lack of respect for her position and for the French political system. The painting caused such an uproar when it was unveiled, that it was removed from the exhibition. But, as often happens, what starts as inappropriate, eventually becomes fashionable. And this style of chemise gown became popular several decades later at the beginning of the 19th century—think early 19th century Empire/Regency dresses a la Jane Austen novel”. Today labels have adopted their own variations of the traditional sleepwear sets as well as the relaxed styles Marie Antoinette once embraced. Gucci’s new  Flora print  silk pajama pant is equal parts elegance and comfort, whereas other brands, such as Sleeper (which is dubbed the world’s first walking sleepwear), create lavish sleep sets that are perfect not only be worn on the street or under the covers, but even as a wedding dress or as cocktail attire. "We wanted to create pajamas for parties: a very special outfit for drinking champagne, dancing and making wishes, which will surely come true," says Asya Varetsa, a co-founder of Sleeper. Coincidentally, Sleeper was created by Kate Zubarieva and Asya Varetsa in 2014 after being inspired by a dream. Using luxurious fabrics to reimagine classic sleepwear silhouettes, Sleeper’s pieces provide a specific type of elevated comfort. “Perhaps because of the intimacy of sleepwear,” Emma says, “It seems to have an emotional effect on designers and can often inspire them from a personal place”. In a world of fierce flexibility and rapid-fire change, it is apparent that the line between daywear and sleepwear continues to blur—perhaps a reflection of the “go-go-go” mentality brought on by the technology of the 20th century, and maybe, just maybe, also as a subconscious expression of our innate need for comfort. Casey Cadwallader’s first fashion show at the helm of Mugler was a success before it even started. Somehow, the designer got Cardi B to turn up almost on time to his 10 AM Spring 2019 défilé staged beneath the glowing LED dome of Paris’s Éléphant Paname. Dressed in black lace-up biker shorts and a structured, open-back blazer from the new collection, the rapper inspired hushed gasps and murmurs as she took her seat front and center. “The fact that she was at my first show seems like some kind of magic,” says the 34-year-old Cadwallader, who, in December of 2018, was appointed as the Clarins-owned house’s third creative director since its 2010 revival. “I still can’t believe it happened." Cardi’s relative punctuality wasn’t the only magic at the show that morning. Liquid latex and PVC looks, made in collaboration with British artist Samara Scott, were mesmerizing, especially the coats in which trapped fragments of cigarettes, chewing gum, broken glass, painkillers, screws, and other unorthodox ingredients were fused together to create swirling patterns. Those corseted mesh cycling shorts also seemed like some kind of sorcery. Constructed with the help of a factory used by the house’s founder and namesake, Thierry Mugler, they hugged and lifted the models’ (and Cardi’s) derrières in a gravity-defying fashion. “Making those was quite challenging,” admits Cadwallader. “The best part of the fitting was when I was on my knees with my hands under the model’s butt saying, ‘But I want them to do this!’ We figured out a way to have the shorts actually hoist your butt into the air.” The latex and corsetry, as well as the collection’s bold curvature, sculptural silhouettes, and forward-thinking sensuality, were born out of Cadwallader’s appreciation for the French maison’s DNA. “I’m a very lucky guy,” he said during a post-show interview. “I get to look back at a heritage that’s so strong and full of so many different dynamics. It’s endless inspiration.” Indeed, he’s still working his way through the house’s more than 6,000-piece archive, unearthing and examining batches of iconic pieces every few weeks. Founded in 1974, Mugler comes with a rich—if not daunting—legacy. Metallic superheroines, jellyfish couture, kinky insects, rainbow-fish femme fatales, and motorcycle bustiers are just a few of the fantasies Thierry Mugler—or Manfred, as he now prefers to be called—proposed at his spectacular mega shows. “I made clothes because I was looking for something that didn’t exist,” the designer once said. “I had to try to create my own world.” He went a step further, building a universe populated by sexed-up supermodels (Linda, Cindy, Iman, Claudia, Naomi, the whole genetically gifted crew), musicians (like Diana Ross and David Bowie), and pillars of fringe and pop culture (Joey Arias, Ivana Trump), all clad in his seductive, outré wares. But for every feathered butterfly gown, chandelier crinoline, or tire dress that strutted his runways in the ’70s, ’80s, and ’90s, there was an impeccably tailored power suit, artfully crafted corset, or perfectly nipped cocktail frock. Before shuttering his brand and effectively leaving the fashion world in 2003, Mr. Mugler proved that he was more than a showman; he was a master of construction and couture. “I am an architect who completely reinvents a woman’s body,” he famously claimed. The same could be said of Cadwallader. Cadwallader studied architecture at Cornell before embarking on a career in fashion. A New Hampshire native, he interned at both Marc Jacobs and an architecture firm toward the end of his schooling, working one gig during the day and the other in the evening. “I got the job I wanted in fashion and the job I wanted in architecture on the same day,” Cadwallader recalls. “I had to pick left or right.” Ultimately, he chose fashion, reasoning that it was a more multifaceted field. “I always knew what I did in fashion would come back to architecture, because you’ve got stores to design and shows to do. In both architecture and fashion, it’s always about making something that people can use, trying to add beauty, and elevating the function.” Having worked at Narciso Rodriguez, Loewe under Stuart Vevers, and most recently Acne Studios, Cadwallader was instantly intrigued when approached for the Mugler job, perhaps because he’s been fascinated by the founding designer’s work since childhood. “Even before I went to architecture school at 18, I always picked up Mugler pieces. When I’d see them on the hanger, they’d instantly show me their shape, so as an architect and a person who’s obsessed with form and texture, I’ve always been so into him.” Equally exciting for Cadwallader was the culture that surrounded Mr. Mugler’s brand—one of energy, eroticism, and power. “As a young gay boy, that was really influential for me,” Cadwallader says, noting that his first introduction to Mugler was via Fashion TV and George Michael’s 1992 “Too Funky” video, which Mr. Mugler directed. “I was like, Oh my God, what is this pulsating, sexy world and how can I get there?” In 2018, strength, femininity, and sexuality—the house’s cornerstones—mean very different things than they did back in the brand’s heyday, and Cadwallader is excited to translate, evolve, and recontextualize these codes for the modern era. “In the ’80s, women were dressing for men, and I’ve never thought of women that way. Today, it’s not about dressing for men, it’s about dressing for themselves and pushing their own version of femininity,” he explains. “What’s so exciting is that femininity means everything now. It’s a spectrum. Sure, I'm happy to make a power suit, but a woman should be able to wear a baggy dress and feel powerful too.” In his short time at the house, during which he’s designed two collections, Cadwallader has explored this range, producing oversize denim trousers and jackets with spiral seams; louche, ruched dresses with 3D cording; sporty, performance-inspired looks; and confident, armor-like jackets and suiting. He’s also begun to build his own fashion community, dressing the likes of Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner in sheer, otherworldly catsuits, creating custom chaps and bodysuits for Beyoncé’s On the Run II tour (Mr. Mugler designed costumes for Beyoncé in 2009), and casting gender-fluid DJ turned model Dustin (or Dustina) Muchuvitz in his Spring show. And while femininity is on his mind, Cadwallader doesn’t see his Mugler as being exclusively for women. “All of my friends that are boys are asking for things,” says the designer, who sometimes acts as his own fit model. “Even my husband was wearing the women’s cut spiral jean at the show. Anyone can wear anything.” Cadwallader’s Mugler boasts a breed of youthful, wearable modernity that harkens back to when Mr. Mugler himself was at the helm. But he understands that, in order for the brand to thrive, he must find his own path. “I have so much respect for [Thierry Mugler], but it’s really important that I don’t try to be him,” Cadwallader explains. “I rely on the spirit of his work, but I don’t want to literally copy him.” It would seem that Mr. Mugler concurs. While Cadwallader has not yet met the legendary couturier, a recent lunch with his agent revealed that he approves of Cadwallader’s approach. “During the meeting, [the agent] relayed a message to me from Mr. Mugler saying that he’s excited that there’s someone [leading the house] who isn’t afraid of doing what they think is right for the brand. I was like, ‘Woah, thank you for that, because I was honestly scared to death of doing him wrong.’” A rendezvous with Mr. Mugler, who’s become notoriously reclusive in recent years, is not out of the question. When prodded about what he would ask his predecessor, Cadwallader replies, “Oh my God, I have so many questions. But I want him to pick what stories he wants to tell me. There have got to be so many good ones.” New York City's Spring Street sure was a sight for sore eyes last night when 250 of the city's brightest models, artists, actors, and influencers flocked to the Moncler store to celebrate in style. Indeed, December 6th 2018 marks the international preview of Moncler Genius' latest drop: 7 Fragment Hiroshi Fujiwara. 'World Tour' is the theme for Fujiwara's collection, with the streetwear designer/musician/record producer's trademark slogans (and double lightning bolt logo) gracing the surfaces of Moncler's trademark high specs outdoor wear. Hence, L'Officiel USA was able to catch the likes of Yolanda Hadid, Jordyn Woods, Johannes Huebl and Justine Skye (among many, many others) rocking what seems to be a new look for Moncler - one that includes rain jackets, plaid blazers, parkas, field jackets, and travel jackets. On the exciting new collaboration, Hiroshi Fujiwara had this to say: "Moncler Genius is the opportunity to mix different identities into a new one. It allowed me to test solutions and materials I have never used. The result is an unreleased Hiroshi, but it is also an unreleased Moncler."   Catch some of the snaps from last night in the gallery below. “Everything’s all mixed together now,” Jonathan Anderson says. “Art and fashion? It’s hard to tell the difference. You could say fashion is about the body, and art is about an emotional interpretation of the body.” Anderson, for the latest capsule of his eponymous label, JW Anderson, has decided to put said emotional interpretations of the body onto our bodies. In collaboration with British dream duo Gilbert & George, the latest collection includes a sizeable amount of printed gear—button-down tops, tee shirts, bags—featuring the duo’s iconic artwork. “We were doing fittings, and the idea came into my head. I was trying to work out what we wanted to do for this show, and there was something so striking about the three images that we pulled that really made sense with the collection,” Anderson said. The images, featuring Guard Plants (1980), Dog Boy (1980) and Heavy (1988), are true to the hyperformal duo’s photo-based, printed trademark style. The artworks all include colored floral prints—think the U.K.’s 1980’s club-kid answer to Andy Warhol’s Flowers—as well as pensive human subjects. The essence of the clothes have as much of an utilitarian vibe as the printed artworks themselves: accessories feature the artwork rendered on cotton canvas; horizontal striped tees don the bulk of the G&G 80’s works. Take, for example, Anderson’s waistbelted reinterpretation of le pull marin: a reconstruction of a french classic. “I wanted something to harmonize with it, that didn’t feel like we were trying to abuse the artwork,” Anderson said. “There is something incredibly emotional about those three pieces.” As for the collaboration writ large, the prospect was truly an exciting project for Anderson, who can’t even remember the first piece he ever saw from the artists. “I truly can’t say. They are an institution; I feel like they’ve always been there.” The capsule collection is available now on matchesfashion.com. See the campaign, shot by Alasdair McLellan, below. Chanel's aesthetics, charm, and timelessness, were perhaps most clearly shown in the 2018-2019 Paris-New York Métiers d'Art collection, which was introduced at the Metropolitan Museum yesterday evening. Karl Lagerfeld, who opens the door to travel in each fashion show, took us to the Ancient Egyptian period, while his evocative designs were a synthesis of the past and the present. In accordance with the spirit of his collection, the Dendur Temple, on exhibition in the Metropolitan Museum, perfectly reflected the period inspired by the décor. Pharrell Williams and Kaia Gerber were the stars of the night as models, while Penelope Cruz, Marion Cotillard, and Lily-Rose Depp were among the stars in the front row. We all know those people that are capable of magically opening our eyes to the more eclectic things in life: wagyu with uni, improvised Shakespeare, the refreshing alchemy of an amazing Spotify playlist. For the young or inspirable, a manic pixie dream girl changes everything. She’s unpredictable and fragile; a quantum mechanical mystery. She’s got a lovely way with words and often says the kinds of things that make you desperate to see through her kaleidoscope. Like it or not, she sets the bar for everyone else. This year, we raised the bar on gifts for the manic pixie dream girl in your life. In the words of Penny Lane from Almost Famous: “It’s all happening." Steamline Luggage Carryon A dream girl is always on the go. Whether it’s a window seat to Morocco or a trip to the desert to recharge malachite in the full moonlight; she makes moves. This leather carry-on is so chic, it’s the sort of frank need that seasoned travelers can’t live without. Occasionally life affords the dolce far niente to ask the sorts of questions that go largely unexamined: where did leather luggage go? This line of carry-ons and stowaways has all the answers. Purchase here. Retrouvé Intensive Replenishing Moisturizer The high-flying life of an adventure-seeker takes a major toll on dream-skins alike. Made by beauty genius Jami Heidegger of Kiehl’s fame, this serum/moisturizer is seriously worth its price tag. The gorgeous black airtight packaging will unsheathe a marvel smile and guarantee a prominent place on any vanity. The highly active ingredients make this delicious anti-aging tool a must-have for all climates and gypsy-minded travelers. Pro tip: Mix with your favorite foundation or base for a dewy glow that would make Bianca Jagger at Studio 54 ooze with jealousy. Purchase here. Le Petit Ermitage Hotel Stay This member’s only club/hotel is more than a staycation: it’s where artists have permanent asylum. Guests may find they recapture for a moment the self that they were long ago. A wide-brim nod to St. Petersburg’s Hermitage Museum, Petit orchestrates its own impressive modern art collection on the hallway walls. A manic pixie dream girl will feel right at home at the rooftop butterfly and hummingbird sanctuary or by the saltwater pool overlooking West Hollywood. Nightly hijinks tingle with blithe and possibility for guests and members. A dream girl is usually the one who casts a spell; let the roles reverse with a stay at this enchanting boutique. Purchase here. MONK Botanicals A manic pixie dream girl loves to maintain her cool. As the time changes throughout the day, so does her mood. In the grip of a dire evening, sometimes there’s no way to quench anxiety but with a little assistance. These CBD botanical drinks are perfect to quench any itchy irritability just beneath the surface. Also, a perfect mixer for alcohol, any Monk Provisions flavor exudes the most amazing sense of deliciousness and desire to play.   Purchase here. Worth & Worth Hat If Zelda Fitzgerald was around today, she’d love Orlando Palacio and his many hats. Floating about with anonymity is a calculated effort. These ultra-high-quality handmade hats give new meaning to a traditional haberdashery. Situated inside the Turnbull & Asser store on 57th Street in NYC, Palacios is a gatekeeper of men’s and women’s headwear. A perfect present for any manic pixie dream girl, this hat may get her so choked up, be sure you know the Heimlich. Purchase here. No doubt you've seen DEERDANA's signature hand-drawn celebs blowing up your newsfeeds or on the streets. Founded by New York City artist and designer Dana Veraldi, the brand rocks t-shirts (and matching baby gear), totes, awesome trinkets...and, ladies gentlemen, we're pleased to announce: socks! While black and white have largely been the artist's vibe thus far, the socks (proudly made in California, of course) are available in 6 colors with each pair boasting a unique hand-drawn design. To celebrate this bright and vibrant addition to DEERDANA's goods, Veraldi has tapped sister singers/songwriters/models Nick & Navi to choreograph the campaign video. The result? A lively and lovely sequence of step dancing, tennis whites-clad friends whose energy (and seriously must-have DEERDANA outfits) are infectious. Find the DEERDANA limited edition socks here, and check out the campaign, below.  It’s been a great year for women. With Harvey Weinstein staring at indictments and a historic mid-term election for female candidates; powerful women have reasons to rejoice. A femme fatale, though, is always rejoicing life like a one, big, constant conquest. Hopefully, you are lucky enough to have loved and lost a skillful seductress. In case you haven’t, we’ve put together the best gifts to warm up that sometimes-killer charm. Alaïa Velvet Gloves All the best criminals, forensic experts, and Law & Order: SVU fans know that leaving fingerprints is a big no-no. The best solution to avoid prints at the scene of a one-night-stand you never want to hear from again? Alaïa elbow-length velvet gloves. Wear these with a gown to Madame Butterfly or with a three-quarter sleeve coat when driving away with your date’s Ferrari. Purchase here. Vesper Vibrator Discreet enough to wear around your neck as jewelry; this is the perfect accessory for any femme fatale. A vibrator that doubles as a necklace makes it possible to get your rocks off anywhere. Men are erroneous in a femme fatale’s world; especially boring ones. Escape an insufferable date with this piece of mirthful possibility. This necklace gives Kathryn Merteuil of Cruel Intentions vibes. Purchase here. Balenciaga Knife Stretch-Knit Thigh Boots If Catwoman had nine lives, she’d wear these in all of them. These boots evoke a serious warmth for embracing the revelry of life. Like it’s practically dancing across a femme fatale’s face, sexuality is synonymous with these thigh high stretch stilettos. Stretch boots are the ultimate jetsetter’s dream; carry-on-only devotees will love this small but ultra-glam suitcase addition. Purchase here. Lord Jones CBD lotion Stilettos can be painful; especially when walking all over someone. Applying this luxury CBD lotion before a big night can banish all heel-side aches and pains. Ibuprofen is so 90’s. Inaugurate the new age of natural pain relief with Lord Jones. Purchase here. Dos Perros Extra Añejo “Mezcal, neat.” A mysterious girl needs a mysterious signature drink. This aperitif order is guaranteed to turn heads in any crowd. The tasting notes of this award-winning drink describe its finish as, “the aggressive sweetness of a hooker’s attention, 2 nights before rent is due.” Pro tip: Best to watch your glass around any femme fatale; it could be the last memory you have before signing over a fortune. Purchase here. Candy Bra A saccharine spin on lingerie, this one-size-fits-most bra is made of candy necklace strands. Every sizzling siren has an impressive collection of undergarments that doubles as outerwear, depending on the occasion. A sweet surprise beneath a trench coat, it is sure to enthuse all men and women regardless of their sweet-tooth. Purchase here. Sisley Under-Eye Concealer All-nighters are fun, dark circles are not. A femme fatale can never show signs of tying-one-on. Luckily Sisley has the perfect solution for night owls. This combination concealer and skincare has a cold-tip applicator to attack puffiness and discoloration all at once. Thanks to the handy travel brush included in the kit, no one will ever know what sort of delicious malevolence the prior night saw. Purchase here. Heidi Slimane seems to be enjoying his new position at Celine. First, he redesigned the brand’s entire aesthetic, and now, he’s unveiled the brand’s first-ever menswear campaign. Featuring a collection of photography showcased against French band Ruth’s Polaroïd/Roman/Photo, the entire three-and-something-minute long video montage continues to abandon everything Philo-era Céline once was. Inspired by Paris’s post-punk and cold wave moments of the 70s and 80s, it was a fitting choice that fell in line with Slimane's de facto creative aesthetic.  With the collection available next February, we'll get to see if Slimane's magic still has its kick and whether LVMH made a smart move in appointing the controversial designer.  When people think of fashion show design, they often focus on the clothes. But truthfully, there is another seminal aspect when it comes to presenting a designer’s latest collection any given season: the environment. And that’s precisely where production designer and art director Stefan Beckman comes in. For over 13 years, Beckman has produced some of the most visceral, imaginative, and magnificent runway-scapes the industry has ever seen, from constructing an industrial gym setting for the launch of Alexander Wang for H&M to conjuring up an indoor field of grass and wildflowers for Coach. There are no limits when it comes to a Stefan Beckman fashion show, but according to the man himself, you can expect “A bold statement,” reiterated by a “Go big or go home!” Beckman first arrived in New York after pursuing a career in film and television in Los Angeles, transferring east—all the way east—at the dawn of the 1990s. He began by curating a series of events for the fashion and media crowd, eventually transitioning into concocting catwalk creations. He studied film and theater at the University of Texas at Austin, where he learned to “be open to any new experience, any new relationship. You never know where that path will take you in the future.” It’s no wonder why he’s vibed so well with fashion designer Marc Jacobs, who’s quite the showman himself. It was Jacobs who would enlist him to produce his first fashion show, for Fall 2006. Set against an abstract cityscape, the show brought to life by a hauntingly beautiful score by composer Phillip Glass.  It was the first time Beckman had ever produced a fashion show—and he received rave reviews.      His most memorable show, however, came 10 years later. “Marc Jacobs Spring 2015,” he writes me matter-of-factly in an email in response to a question about the subject. Held at the Park Avenue Armory, Beckman constructed a large Pepto Bismol pink house: “[Jacobs] loved the idea of something big in the armory that seemed like it just fell out of the sky and landed there,” Beckman explains, calling it “a surreal installation.” Jacobs also partnered with Beats by Dre to provide the audience with headphones, over which a narrative inspired by John Smith’s 1976 short film, The Girl Chewing Gum, was recited, courtesy of record producer Steve Mackey.      Beckman continues, “The scale of the house was huge and slightly out of proportion.” It was unquestionably the perfect backdrop for Jacobs’s collection that season, an array of muted, uniform-like blue and green frocks. The hardest part of his job, you might ask? This is where he gets relatable. “Time,” he states. “You always wish for more time. Costs can be challenging, too, but sometimes the best design comes out of a cheaper solution.” I’m sorry, what? “All the money in the world isn’t always necessary,” Beckman maintains. It’s refreshing to hear that, even in the world of luxury fashion, you don’t need the dollar bills (though in most instances you do). But then again, perhaps this attitude speaks to his ingenuity. The value, for Beckman, is in the idea and not so much in the currency. Cha-ching.   We all know what it’s like to buy something for someone who has everything: nearly-impossible. The minute they see something they like, it’s already theirs. Most of the time you wonder if they’ll re-gift your holiday thought or just throw it in a closet of their palatial home to never see the light of day. This year we’ve made buying for the person who has everything fun and as simple as point-and-click. The Harmonist Perfume A unique line of Feng Shui elixirs, The Harmonist aims to align yin and yang through fragrance. Figure out your gifting target’s dominant elements by inputting their birthday, place, and time. A list of recommended harmonizing elements and their corresponding fragrances will ensure an individually beautiful gift. All 10 unisex scents by perfumer Guillaume Flavigny, the nose behind Balmain and Commes des Garçons, will enchant passerby’s and leave people asking, “What are you wearing?” Just like comfort, you can’t put a price on harmony. Purchase here. Lord Jones CBD Gumdrops “It” brand Lord Jones, or “the Hermès of Cannabis” by those that are in-the-know, provides the best quality CBD confections in the most gorgeous packaging. Their all natural, gluten-free gumdrops are made by hand in small batches from only 5 simple ingredients. High-net-worth means high-level stress. A CBD treat is a delicious gift to relieve one’s anxieties or catch some much-needed Z’s. We love the exclusive holiday flavors: mango chili and sugarplum. Pro-tip: Add a CBD gumdrop to a glass of champagne for a fun twist on cocktail hour. The Book of Psalms says it best: “Praise the Lord, for the Lord is good.” Purchase here. Mad et Len Potpourri Meet the modern spin on the old-fashioned candle. Niche luxury fragrance house Mad et Len offers room potpourri and candles to-die-for. Packed in gorgeous blackened metal; they look perfect in any home, office, or castle. Don’t expect any wooden diffuser rods with this design-centric brand; they diffuse their delicious scents on lava rocks and amber. What’s better than a fantastic French room fragrance? One that comes with volcanic rock. Purchase here. Laboratorio Paravicini Dinner Plates More memorable than food, a remarkable table setting leaves a lasting impression at any dinner party. These hand-painted masterpieces all start and end at the Milanese workbench of ceramist Constanza Paravicini. The hand-applied serigraphs and non-toxic colors do not fade and neither do their memories. Almost too nice to eat off of, this flatware is a much-needed guest at a lavish feast. Luckily the recipient can afford to replace them if need be. Purchase here. Custom Exotic Skin Watch Strap A vintage Rolex or Patek Philippe face on a stingray strap screams of an eye for cool. For the person who has everything, exotic skins are a fun way to bring new life to something they already love. Bespoke Straps offers a wide range of unique skins from ostrich shin to shark leather in almost every Pantone under the rainbow. At des price points, customize everything from buckle to stitching for a luxury gift with delivery in 3 weeks—just in time for your recipient to show off their new skins at the holiday party(s) du jour. Purchase here. As one of the most enduring fashion and beauty (and talent) icons of all time, it’s no wonder that news of Catherine Deneuve’s wardrobe auction broke both the traditional and new media outlets this week. Nearly 300 lots will be presented to the world’s foremost connoisseurs and collectors at Christie’s Paris House on January 24, 2019—just in time for Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week though no doubt that the event will have style royalty racing to book flights to the French capital in any case. Indeed, Deneuve’s dresses, suits, and accessories are a moving testimony of the decades-long friendship between two legends: Catherine and Yves Saint Laurent. “In 1965, I was invited to be presented to Queen Elizabeth II and my husband David Bailey, a fashion photographer, suggested that I ask Yves Saint Laurent for an evening dress," Catherine revealed of how her friendship with Saint Laurent began. "I arrived at Rue Spontini with a photo from the Russian Collection from the previous year which he agreed to create for me. A long white crepe dress with a panel of red embroidery was the start of a long professional collaboration and friendship. His consummate gravitas during the fittings together with his shy charm outside the atelier made all the years we shared so enchanting—our silent complicity, our crazy laughter, and our melancholy brought us together." Explaining her decision to part with her treasured pieces, the actress explained, "I was only 20 years old and I had the privilege of being given access to this world of luxury, to train my eye and my taste by his side. Now, I am leaving my house in Normandy where I kept this wardrobe—not without a certain sadness—these are the creations of such a talented man who only designed clothes to beautify women." While those who can make it to Paris in person will have the chance to bid on every piece of the collection, Christie’s will offer approaching 150 lots during a live auction, in addition to an online sale accessible to digital bidders from 23 to 30 January 2019.  “We are honored to have been entrusted with the sale of Catherine Deneuve’s wardrobe," said François de Ricqlès, President of Christie’s France. "This auction is particularly dear to our hearts, having organized the legendary Yves Saint Laurent & Pierre Bergé sale at the Grand Palais ten years ago. It is a pleasure to offer these pieces which bear witness to a love story and a friendship between a most talented French actress and the most illustrious designer of all times."   The live auction will take place on Thursday 24 January 2019 at Christie’s Paris House on Avenue Matignon at 6 pm local time, while the online version runs from January 23-30, 2019. Viewings start from Saturday 19 to Thursday 24 January. For more information, visit christies.com Following her appearance in Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, Zoë Kravitz has found herself in yet another fantasy film. This time, it's Tiffany & Co.'s new Alice in Wonderland-inspired holiday campaign short, "Believe in Dreams".  Directed by Beyoncé collaborator Mark Romanek, the clip follows Zoë as she ventures into a Tiffany blue dreamland. There, she discovers a whimsical Tiffany & Co. holiday workshop where she gets a tour from the workshop's manager, played by a white-haired Xiao Wen Ju. Aside from cameos by models Karen Elson and Maye Musk, the tour also gives us an imaginative behind-the-scenes look at the making of the jewelry brand's iconic lines, including the Tiffany Paper Flowers™ and Tiffany hardware collections. And what's a Wonderland-themed film without a Mad Tea Party? In this version, Naomi Campbell stars as the eccentric Mad Hatter and her tableware of choice consists of pieces from Tiffany & Co.'s Home & Accessories collection. Talk about fine dining. Watch the one-of-a-kind campaign for yourself below: Charaf Tajer thinks we’re living in a very tasteful era. Democratizing forces in fashion, like Instagram and the internet, he says, are creating more discriminating and discerning luxury consumers. The 33-year-old designer, who co-ran one of Paris’ hottest nightlife spots, Le Pompon, and co-founded high streetwear brand Pigalle, has collaborated with the likes of Virgil Abloh and comes from a background in architecture. So the question, for him, is where is fashion headed? More importantly, where does an evolving consumer go? Enter Tajer’s latest project, Casablanca, a luxury label focused on minimalist yet high-quality pieces centered around two central concepts: comfort and elegance. Tajer, poised to show his next collection in January at Paris Fashion Week Men’s, has mastered the art of balancing ease and luxury just as he has mastered being bicontinental: the line is designed in both Casablanca and Paris, although produced specifically in the former. The relaxed, vacation feel pervades the pieces: plush emerald green and nude tracksuits are a mainstay; cream suiting and floral prints also make their appearances. “We are in a moment where there is a lot of ironies,” he says. “What I love to do, in general, is go back to the beauty itself and try to touch it as much as I can without trying to protect myself with any type of irony or jokes.” Central to Tajer’s collection is what he calls the duality of the modern man. The Spring/Summer 2019 collection is half, as he calls it, après-sport; the rest is a more unadulterated luxury. “With Casablanca, we are always going to develop this bipolarity I would say, or maybe day and night. But it’s always on the same philosophy and culture,” he says. “I would say as a man, you always want to be comfortable. In a tracksuit, you want to be comfortable. In a suit, you want to be comfortable, but you also want to be elegant as well.” His result is a hyper-evolved take on the leisurely edge given to most menswear these days. “it’s a little bit more... a man of my age.” Morocco has long served as a haven for fashion folk, and Tajer is the latest to join the legacy of designers. From Yves Saint Laurent and Pierre Bergé’s fabled hideaway to Simon Porte Jacquemus’ Instagrammable obsession with the North African land, something about the desert oases holds an inspirational power. Tajer, whose parents met in an atelier in Morocco, has the cultural wherewithal to know his way around Moroccan references without seeming kitschy or appropriative. “There is a mix of culture. During the second world war, it was French Morocco,” he says. “This was a very interesting point in terms of architecture, in terms of culture in general. So I think, if anything, it’s not just the look of it, it’s more the story of it.” “Morocco is a place that is inspiring and just sounds like travel,” he says, after growing up taking his vacations there. Although he’s found his muse in a country he culturally relates to, he’s noticed that the general trend in menswear at the moment is towards any number of ways to express oneself artistically. “I think the difference really is how men embrace fashion right now. there is something going on in that direction and I like it because there are so many designers who do different things,” he says. “I feel the expression is, it’s a multiplicity, I would say. The multiplicity of expression and the freedom of it.” See the rest of his Spring/Summer 2019 Collection below. What's black and white and read all over? Why, Saint Laurent's Spring 2019 campaign, of course! Soon, the world over will be bearing witness to the French house's latest triple-threat presentation in the form of both an editorial and video campaign. Movin' and groovin' to the sounds of Iggy Pop's "The Passenger," Charlotte Gainsbourg, Amber Valletta, and Rebecca Leigh Longendyke have been tapped to represent this new line of torn denim, thick leather, leopard prints, and sequined pieces. A joint effort between Anthony Vaccarello and David Sims, this black & white campaign is chic to the max!   Check out the images from Saint Laurent's Spring 2019 campaign, below. When you think of Dior, what comes to mind? Is it that picture of Princess Diana in Buenos Aires carrying the bag that would become the iconic Lady Dior? Rihanna’s announcement as its first Black spokesperson ever? Instagram royalty Chiara Ferragni’s wedding dress? J’adore?!   Whatever you associate with the name, there’s no denying the insane power held by the historic French fashion house. That power, though hard to believe, was nonexistent 72 years ago, when a struggling former art gallerist named Christian presented his first collection, only later becoming the most celebrated couturier of all time. And celebrated he is. A new exhibit chronicling the history of the House of Dior has just arrived in the United States, but before you start booking a plane ticket for New York City, think again. This time, Dior is headed to Denver.  That’s right, the Denver Art Museum will play host to the U.S. debut of Dior: From Paris to the World, an exhibition that surveys more than 70 years of the house’s legacy and global influence. It’s not technically the first time Dior has visited the States. The designer himself famously toured New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, and Chicago following an invitation to travel around the country after being presented with the Neiman Marcus award in 1947. It is, however, the first time that the exhibit Dior: From Paris to the World will alight on American soil, traveling from its current home at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in Paris.  “This exhibition will encourage audiences to think differently about the boundaries of fashion as art and advance the museum’s commitment to taking viewers behind the scenes to reveal Dior’s imaginative and innovative endeavors,” states Christoph Heinrich, Frederick and Jane Mayer Director of the DAM.  On display will be 150 haute couture dresses, as well as accessories, photographs, original sketches, runway videos, and other archival material, tracing the history of the haute couture fashion house. Each of Monsieur Dior’s successors will also receive their due, among them Yves Saint Laurent, John Galliano, Raf Simons, and Maria Grazia Chiuri, among others. “I think people will be amazed by the power of beauty and passion,” Avenir Foundation Curator of Textile Art and Fashion, Florence Müller remarks. “Visitors will discover how special the world of fashion and couture truly is [and] will get to understand the creative process and all that goes into it.”  While placing fashion objects within a museum setting has often been a subject of debate, Müller has an entirely different take: “Art and fashion are entirely different constructs, two entirely different and separate economic systems, but the human and creative process of art and fashion is something they both have in common.”  Dior: From Paris to the World is on view at the Denver Museum of Art through March 3, 2019. The 44th People's Choice Awards, which took place in Santa Monica, California, yesterday, distributed prizes in various categories from cinema to reality TV series, bringing together celebrity names. Of course, there was also plenty of elegant frocks worn by guests attending the dazzling night, its glow subdued given the onset of devastating wildfires in Malibu and its surrounding areas. Ahead, swipe through the gallery to see our top looks of the evening.      David Casavant is not your typical member of the fashion pack. For one, he does things on his own terms, operating an expansive clothing archive out of his downtown New York City apartment overlooking the harbor. And two, he meets me dressed in a neutral gray t-shirt and shorts ensemble, teetering on athleisure, but with a more succinct, sophisticated edge. No flashy labels or nauseating prints in sight; this is his uniform, and he wears it well. “When I was younger, I didn’t have anyone [else] to share it with,” he tells me about the nascent stages of his relationship with fashion, simultaneously musing about the racks, upon racks of clothing that have taken over his living room and a bedroom down the corridor. “I didn't know as many people into fashion, it wasn't as popular then, [and] I didn't work in fashion.” Casavant has been collecting clothes since he was 14. Having grown up in Tennessee, his attraction to fashion began on the Internet, where he would spend hours scrolling through the now-defunct Style.com before venturing into another frequented digital fashion destination: eBay. When it came time for college, he was granted admission to Central Saint Martins, where he took a crack at fashion design before a professor aptly insisted his true talents lied in styling. He then relocated to New York City where, like most members of the C Suite, he began to hustle, assisting Carine Roitfeld, Katie Grand, and Mel Ottenberg. A total 180 from his days of solitude in the South. “Now, I like the aspect where I can share [fashion] or other people can borrow my things, that connection aspect to other people.” Connect he does. Casavant has shared his love of clothes (and extensive collection of archival Raf Simons, Helmut Lang, Dior Homme, and more) with the likes of  A$AP Rocky, Kim Kardashian, Travis Scott, among others. “I think the connection itself is what's most important about it with me. Or the idea that other people can use it to express themselves.” That connection will keep growing, thanks to the release of his first-ever book. Titled David Casavant Archive, it marks a pivotal moment in the 28-year-old’s career, a reflection and culmination of his passion for clothing and his time within the industry. But don’t be fooled, it’s not all about David. For the project, he enlisted the help of his most trusted friends and previous collaborators to produce an archive in action. The result is an unapologetic, unfiltered, explosion of creativity that leaps off each page, a welcome departure from your run-of-the-mill standard “fashun” coffee table book. To many, such a feat would be a really big deal, but for Casavant, the vision was always there. ABRAHAM MARTINEZ: If you were filling out a questionnaire, what would you put under occupation? DAVID CASAVANT: I haven't figured that out yet! They're all different. If it's something very business-y, I'd write entrepreneur; on my taxes, I think it says Fashion Stylist. I consider myself a stylist because that's where I started, but I like to evolve it into something next-step. Like, what is the next version of a stylist today. So I think something that interprets the idea of like, 'I'm someone that uses clothes to sort of express or make things,' I guess.   With this book, would you say it's more a culmination of your archive, or is it more the archive in action?  I think archive in action. I like that.   You can have it! I think that's perfect. I have an archive in action. I think I'd describe it as that because the problem I've always had with saying ‘archive’ or 'I'm an archivist' is [that] I never really considered myself that because I don't collect clothes with the intention of preserving them.   Like temperature-controlled shit and all that?  Right, the historical value. I mean, that's important to me, but it's more about them being in action and being used.   Were you a part of each artist’s process, or did you just sort of give them the clothes and let them have at it? It depends on the shoot. Some of them, they just came over and took the clothes and went off and did whatever. Some, I did styling.   Is there one you reacted strongly to? In terms of, should we say 'Oh my God, I love it,' or 'I'm so shocked?'   I'm down with both, but if you want to say you love 'em all, I get that too. To be honest, I don't think I was shocked by anything because I'm pretty unshockable. It's hard to pick and choose because I really loved everyone's for different reasons. I wouldn't have chosen them otherwise. Everyone I chose, I chose because I knew I'd get excited by what they did; they're all kind of on similar levels. What was it like to hold the book in your hands for the first time when you got the first copy from the publishers? It was good, but not as good as I'd thought it would be because I'd been anticipating [it] so much that I had already held it in my head. It kind of felt like nothing new because, basically, it turned out exactly how I wanted it to turn out, not different at all.   Amazing!  That never happens. Yeah, right? So when I got it, it didn't feel like that, I wouldn't say it wasn’t exciting, but, I wasn't as excited as I thought I would be because I felt like I had already seen it before.   Right, like you had already sort of pictured yourself with it before. Yeah. I would look at it every night sort of on the computer, with the pictures, and I would envision how it would be in person. I got sort of used to it, nonetheless, I still get excited every time I see it.   Gotcha. And at any point, making the book, was it ever difficult to kind of mediate between the stronger personalities that you worked with, or have you kind of figured it out by now? I didn't choose anyone I thought, I didn't get really fashion people to do this because, one of the reasons was I just didn't want to go through all that diva-ness.   That does still exist.  You know what I mean? Like, fashion photographers are their own breed of something, as people working in fashion are just used to having to claw their way to get things. That's not really what this project was about. It was supposed to be about getting together and creating something cool and it not being about one person's glory, which is funny to say, because I have Kanye [West] in here. He gets it. He's someone who understands the task at hand and that this isn't some kind of music video. Everyone was like that. Joyce [Ng] can be very picky, funny, and stubborn in certain ways, but I like that about her. She went for the biggest production shoot. Everyone was super easy to work with. I remember during this process, I was talking to someone who said, 'Oh artists, they're just unmanageable, and, you know, they won't follow your deadlines.’ I said something like, 'Well, I've worked with all these people and I have experience with them, so I think they're all going to be excited,’ never expecting any more from it than that.   Were you surprised by any of these interpretations? Let me think. In a way, no. It's not like I knew exactly what I would get, but I knew what that person was about, so I knew if they were about surprise, I would get a surprise. Or something like that. David Casavant Archive is available now at David Casavant and Amazon Photography by Joe Harper When thinking of Georgian fashion designers, Demna Gvasalia of Balenciaga and Vetements is likely the first and possibly only one who comes to the American mind. But beyond the major fashion circuit, Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Tbilisi is proving Gvasalia’s home country to be full of promising talent. Under the radar, these designers have been attracting a fashion-forward clientele by embracing trends like ‘80s nostalgia and tiny sunglasses as well as having some sartorial fun with bright colors and reimagined minimalism. Some of them are venturing into the spotlight of Paris and Milan, while others are embracing the scene in Georgia, but all of them prove Tbilisi to be a fashion city worth watching.  We honed in on three labels capturing supermodel fans and social media buzz with their unique takes on fashion. George Keburia Even if you haven’t heard of George Keburia, you’ve probably seen his work. His debut collection won Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Tbilisi’s Best Newcomer Award in 2010, he subsequently moved on to a creative director role at Gerogian giant Matériel and, more recently, found himself showing his namesake label in Milan and Paris. However, Keburia may be best known for his tiny sunglasses, which have taken over Instagram thanks to a cult celebrity following including Rihanna, Gigi Hadid, and Solange. Beyond his critical acclaim and futuristic cat-eyes, Keburia has an artistic, inclusive vision with his contributions to fashion. For example, his Spring 2019 collection takes chef hats but makes them fashion alongside neon ombre fringe and buttons galore, and Lile Sulaberidze, who has Down syndrome, stars in the campaign. Keburia’s work caters well to the social media age, but his creative basics and artsy presentation prove his brand to be far from a gimmick.   What sparked your interest in fashion design? As a child, I was always sketching and looking through my mom’s fashion magazines. During that time, fashion was not taken seriously in Georgia. I started university studying business management, but I later quit to pursue my design interests. Can you discuss the concept behind your latest collection? What were your biggest sources of inspiration? This season, I experimented with a mix of inspirations. I love to merge masculine accents with a feminine aesthetic. This collection recalls my affection for tropical climates and the seaside, so I reinterpreted many Hawaiian style shirts. I also played with fabrics, mixing delicate and heavy textures. The rainbow fringe is a symbol of my support of the LGBTQ community. What do you want people to know about the fashion scene in Georgia? Georgian designers strive to introduce something different to fashion. Despite our country’s predominantly conservative history, we try to break borders and be as free and creative as possible. Many Georgian designers provide a breath of fresh air to the industry, pushing boundaries with their unique visions. Where would you like to see the fashion industry go? I want the industry to be more diverse and inclusive. I also hope that fashion becomes more environment and animal friendly. What’s your fashion guilty pleasure? I gravitate towards colors that are hard to match. Ingorokva Tamuna Ingorokva is crafting a new look for supermodels. Targeting an audience including Gigi Hadid, Doutzen Kroes, and Adwoa Aboah, her biggest motifs include brightly colored leather, pantsuits and jumpsuits, and mini dresses with tailored-yet-tough silhouettes. Her bold work feels right at home in the current fashion scene, amidst a trend of ‘80s nostalgia, but the patent leather shines its way to futuristic status, especially on the label's young-elite clientele.   What sparked your interest in fashion design? When I was younger, I constructed garments for my dolls, making dresses out of curtains. Eventually, I realized that this could become my profession. Developing a distinctive methodology in creative design and patternmaking has been important to me. Can you discuss the concept behind your latest collection? What were your biggest sources of inspiration? I was inspired by the mystery and aesthetics of Michelangelo Antonioni’s Blow Up. Overall, my concept has not changed a lot, as my collections consistently explore a woman as a free creature fighting for her rights and liberation, with her truth and power transcending the boundaries of culture, race, religion, and politics. Some of my aesthetic changes with time, but my core concept always focuses on the woman, who carries the story of her experience. She describes the world she lives in and wants to change. What do you want people to know about the fashion scene in Georgia? Georgia’s political instability has made succeeding in fashion a challenge. I grew up amidst ongoing economic and social crisis, but after the Rose Revolution in 2003, Georgia started to develop steadily, including in the fashion industry. But in spite of this upheaval, physical and cultural borders made it almost impossible to convince the global audience that we deserve a place in the global market alongside other Europeans. No one wanted to take me and other Georgians seriously, and I had a difficult path to building my name and image. Where would you like to see the fashion industry go? I would like newcomers to have greater opportunities, greater platforms, and greater resources. The Situationist Irakli Rusadze fits perfectly into an industry obsessed with the avant-garde and sartorial social commentary. After presenting his first collections under his own name, he switched to The Situationist, inspired by a rebellious group of artists and political theorists who explored alternative lifestyles in the mid-20th century. Fitting to this, the brand has developed a cool reputation, collaborating with Tbilisi nightclub Bassiani as well as showing at Milan Fashion Week. Bella Hadid has become a buzzworthy fan of The Situationist, and it’s easy to see why the supermodel would gravitate toward the brand’s unconventional beauty. The clothing, which features a lot of tailored suit pieces but also long dresses and men’s crop tops, has an almost minimalist appearance, but waterfall hems, eye-catching fabrics, and tailoring which balances power and comfort all point to a collection that's anything but basic. Rusadze showed in Paris for the first time this season, and the French city could definitely be a strong market for the brand’s nonchalant radiance.   What sparked your interest in fashion design? I have wanted to become a designer for as long as I can remember. I used to stand outside Atelier Goliath, the atelier near my school, to watch tailors. When I was 14, I started working with Georgian designers to build my skills. Can you discuss the concept behind your latest collection? I wanted to trace Georgian fashion history from the early 12th century through today. Silhouettes and details of traditional Georgian clothing dominate the collection. Traditional costume reflects its region’s history and identity, transcending culture, time, and geography. However, fashion also evolves. In the last five years, Georgian youth have changed their beliefs, morals, and lifestyles. This season, I wanted to explore collective, historic identity and the individual, modern Georgian and how connections between the two can be reflected in fashion. What are your biggest sources of inspiration? The people who inspire me most are those whose faces I barely remember and names I do not know. I get inspiration just by looking at pedestrians on the street. When someone catches my eye, I observe them and try to get a sense of their mood and character. Faces usually vanish in time, but their vibe and emotions influence my collections. What do you want people to know about the fashion scene in Georgia? Georgian fashion has been in the spotlight for the last few years, but some people might not understand how much work is behind it. I want others to know that many Georgian designers are masters of making the most out of minimal conditions. Where would you like to see the fashion industry go? I think the fashion industry has become more accepting over the last few years, but I want it to be more diverse. Also, I am really looking forward to the day when people stop buying clothes for a single use. Do you have any dream collaborations? I want to do series of cut-making workshops in Georgian women’s prisons and collaborate with inmates. What’s your fashion guilty pleasure? A leather. Produced by Yael Quint Special Thanks: Mercedes Benz Fashion, Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Tbilisi, and Sofia Tchkonia It was 1993 when Marc Jacobs, then at Perry Ellis, sent Christy Turlington and Naomi Campbell down the runway in printed chiffon, crochet cardigans, and jersey cutout dresses. To call it controversial for such purveyors of prep as the Perry Ellis customer would be an understatement: Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain burnt the pieces they were sent; The New York Times’ Bernadine Morris said, “A typical outfit looks as if it were put together with the eyes closed in a very dark room.” This morning, Jacobs announced that he’ll be rebooting the collection (equally credited for bringing grunge sensibilities mainstream) in a ‘redux’ capsule. Original materials and patterns will be used; Jacobs’ longtime collaborator Juergen Teller shot the lookbook with models of today’s moment with Gigi Hadid and Slick Woods leading the pack. So although Jacobs’ career has since progressed, it looks like the world is ready to go grunge once more. The collection will be available online starting November 15 and in select boutiques November 19. Photography by David Doobinin Hiroko Koshino doesn’t speak English, but slipping between her native Japanese is the word L’Officiel, which she pronounces with a perfect Parisian accent. “She never usually read magazines, but she did read L’Officiel", says the show's curator and our temporary translator, Kyoko Sato. Of course, she is referencing the magazine during the 1960s and 70s—and L’Officiel Paris—but it’s our mothership, so we’ll take it. After World War II, Japan underwent a huge cultural and economic change. Just like in the U.S., the youth started rebelling through art, music, and fashion. Koshino and friends started the Miyuki Tribe, a group of young people who took to the streets wearing preppy outfits imitating Ivy League style. This essentially became what is considered the first street style crew, that is, people who congregated in public places, each more outlandishly dressed than the next, all for the sole purpose of showing off their outfit.  Born in Osaka, Koshino graduated from the Bunka Fashion College in Tokyo in 1961 and started her own haute couture label 1964. Influenced by the Gutai movement, a radical post-war group of artists in Japan, and the Bauhaus movement, she eventually became a Top 6 Designer and has shown two collections every year since 1977. Only one year later, in 1978, she would be the first Japanese designer to show at Rome's Alta Moda fashion week. I could go on, but I'll just let you read the astounding timeline of her career.  Kishono’s designs and art are now being shown at  Whitebox, at 329 Broome Street in SoHo. HIROKO KOSHINO: A touch of Bauhaus explores her approach to both art and design as she is still influenced by Bauhaus through the movement’s central tenets of unity and simplicity; “I’m just one person doing both art and fashion, creating everything by myself,” she says. “This is my music playing now, It’s all a part of my creation.” Her archival work, including her famous updated kimonos and elaborate dresses made of paper, are hung around the room to be observed alongside her art. How does the 81-year-old find the time to design biannual collections, paint over 19,000 works of art and act as President of her own label? “I only paint on weekends," she says.  See more images from the show below.  HIROKO KOSHINO: A touch of Bauhaus will be on at Whitebox until December 1, 2018.  HIROKO KOSHINO: COLOR SUITE AND SUMI INK PAINTINGS opens December 5–31, 2018.  Kevin Circosta woke up early one morning in August to a barrage of calls, texts, and voicemails. One of the hats from his clothing brand based out of LA had been worn by Lebron James at a press conference after a Cavs game. “TMZ somehow got my number and called, emailed and DMd me all before 7 am,” he said. “I quickly chugged my coffee, did a FaceTime interview for them in my underwear, got on the phone with my production team and raced downtown to our warehouse to dive right in. We've been in constant production ever since.” Circosta had done creative development for brands, musicians, and companies for years before starting Free & Easy. “It started with one hat and one t-shirt and began to grow from there,” he says. He was inspired by his father’s generation of surfers during California’s golden era in the 70s. “We have done a few collabs and are working on some now with some other great artists. It’s not just the graphic or a t-shirt. It's the whole thing from design to custom color choices, to printing, to washing, dyeing, finishing, and shipping.” Some of his former collaborators include Opening Ceremony, Colette, and Virgil Normal, each a testament to Circosta's good eye. The latter was the first retail store to sell the brand, and it was during a visit to the store to meet owner Charlie Staunton that he met Opening Ceremony’s Humberto Leon and Carol Lim. “They placed their order and within a week of receiving the goods they were sold out as well,” he says. “That’s when things really began to take off.” Free & Easy now has apparel and accessories, as well as miscellaneous items like lighters, a folding beach chair, and even a cooler. "Really, I just tried to recreate our little family beach kit from when I was a kid," he says. "In tow would be our 80's beach chairs, umbrella, Igloo cooler, beer koozies, lighters for w**d, and my dad would be rocking OP shorts, a snapback hat, and a surf tee. That’s the life."  Shop the entire Free & Easy collection here.  These days, it’s increasingly difficult to imagine a world without medical technologies. Vaccines, X-ray scanners, even the humble tablet of Advil—these modern advents have become so intertwined with our notions of health and wellness that it’s uncommon to even think twice about them. But in Asia, practitioners of alternative medicine have been utilizing Eastern healing techniques for centuries upon centuries, prioritizing holistic and natural approaches before resorting to the use of chemicals. Juhi Singh, a medical specialist who focuses on practicing at the intersection of Eastern and Western medicine, is at the forefront of the burgeoning movement that advocates for holistic healing. Finding the sweet spot between technological innovations and traditional, cultural practices, Singh is introducing an Eastern host of treatments and techniques that could potentially heal and protect the body in a gentler way.  L’Officiel USA had the opportunity to chat with Singh, and hear how Eastern medicine has truly changed her life. Read on to see how she built her unique practice, how she views the human body, and how fell in love with the art of healing.  Your space is all about the mind, body, and soul. Tell me a little bit about what goes down at your space My practice is an epicenter for holistic healing. What makes our practice special? The more than 25 years of collective experience amongst my colleagues and our mutual desire and foremost intention to heal. I have hand-selected the best practitioners—those proven to have an outstanding attunement to both ancient technique and contemporary medical practice in order to provide our patients with a combination of acupuncture, Ayurvedic medicine, Chinese herbal medicine, Reiki, and Yoga therapy. When a new patient arrives, I guide him or her through a careful process of assessment in order to diagnose the harm and its causes to the body, mind, and heart of the patient. Next, I devise a personal protocol of therapies guiding the patient on a journey to improvement. What happens in this process, is a powerful transference of the tools gathered by healers across cultures in order to improve the patient’s life. Central to the practice is the heart of the practitioner.   I’ve always been interested in Himalayan Salt Rooms. What are the benefits of spending time inside these spaces? You are definitely not alone! Salt therapy practices can be found around the globe. Throughout time, we have concluded the following to be true of using salt for daily healing: The salty atmosphere supplies negatively-charged ions that kill harmful bacteria in the respiratory and circulatory systems. The salt-air reduces mucus and toxins in your body when you breathe it. Additionally, being in an environment highly concentrated in salt decreases inflammation within the body as well as along the skin. The salt room treatment has been applied as a cure for asthma, allergies, bronchitis, COPD, eczema, and psoriasis. Experience shows us that beyond the physical benefits, salt improves our mood by reducing stress and improving circulation through these same detoxifying qualities. Just as salt helps to circulate and replenish the ocean with its resources, salt has the same rejuvenating effect on us.   People have been raving about your acupuncture practice. In such a crowded space, what makes your practice stand out? What makes it unique? My team. All of us are thoughtful and genuine practitioners driven by our careers and findings in medicine and by our own personal experiences in health to inspire humanity in healthcare. We have come together to one center to execute the perfect balance between what this busy world of doctors’ offices, pharmacies, and medical technology tells us, and what our own medical knowledge teaches us. We offer harmony to the individual by treating all aspects of the person in a single space with techniques cultivated from around the world. We don’t just provide a service, we empower each patient with the knowledge you need to heal at the elemental level and live your optimal life.   You had life-threatening complications with Crohn’s disease growing up. Tell me how acupuncture helped to really and truly save your life At 16, I was diagnosed with Chron’s disease. We were living in the tri-state area and my parents and I spent three and a half years traveling from doctor to doctor and digging through the most well-reputed medical specialists in order to find a solution to my agonizing disease to no avail. By age 19, the doctors were signing me up for a colostomy as the last possible option. As a young adult, you can imagine how my life would have been physically and emotionally diverted by this drastic operation. My mother and I called my aunt who is also a doctor, she suggested that I try one more thing before the surgery. They shipped me back to India where I was under the care of Ayurvedic doctors and homeopathic healers for two and a half months. Following a regimen of acupuncture and a strict change in diet according to Ayurvedic diagnostics, my Chron’s disease went into remission after those 10 weeks and I’ve had very few and very manageable flare-ups in the 20 plus years since. I owe my life to acupuncture, I owe my life to my discovery in medicine, and my center is how I can pay back what I owe by offering what I experienced to anyone and everyone who needs healing and who demands options.   Is this what compelled you to venture from Western practices to Eastern practices? This was not my first experience with Eastern medicine. I was born in India, had learned meditation and Yoga in a village there, and was exposed to Ayurvedic medicine throughout my childhood. Moving to the States, we believed we had access to the finest, state-of-the-art medical facilities and practices in our new home. I thought that I was moving forward by studying Western medicine and would never “look back”. I learned in my own battle with Chron’s disease and at the risk of my life, that there is no clear picture of what is going forward and what is going back, the only choice is between what works and what doesn’t. I didn’t leave Western medicine for Eastern medicine, I left behind the boundaries to find the cures.   Everyone throws the saying around of holistic living, but, in your eyes, what does it actually mean?! For me, holistic living is caring for the whole person by looking beyond the words and the diagnoses. In order to create personalized care for all facets of one’s life, I want to look deeply at the lifestyle of the individual. I want to get down to the very fabric of your being. I need to know not just your symptoms but where you carry your stress, what you eat, do you get migraines…I need to know who you are to help you become who you want to be. In this way, I can help you to devise a structure for holistic living that will give you the wellness that you want in your life. There have been some great advances towards combining the practices of holistic living with modern technology. An example of this can be found in the work of a company called Viome. Viome identifies microorganisms living in your gut to determine what foods will improve an individual’s unique digestive system and thus overall health. Companies like this make holistic living for individuals available on a greater scale by branching out from the one-size fits all approach. What may be considered healthy for one may not be healthy for another. My hope is to bring this kind of holistic living and healthcare to all and transform the way we look at medicine from a grassroots level. The Juhi Center is located at 164 E. 61st St, New York, NY 10065. Open from Monday to Friday. (646) 649-4336. www.juhi.center. Photographer and filmmaker Filmmaker Willy Vanderperre has teamed up with Antwerp store VIER to launch a new collection just in time for Halloween. Vanderperre's eye is as sharp as they come, as he is no stranger to creating high-profile projects and campaigns with companies like Calvin Klein, Christian Dior, and Prada. Now, he brings his expertise to clothes.  Titled “T-shirts, stickers, pins and more,” the collection is available now at Dover Street Market Los Angeles, New York City, Tokyo, and London, The Broken Arm PARIS, Slam Jam MILAN, and VIER ANTWERP through December 31. The range is an uber-casual, yet chic) blend of black, yellow, white, and red hoodies, t-shirts, towels, pins, socks, totes, badges, and stickers, plastered with visuals hand-picked by Vanderperre. Take your pick from a Stadspark (Antwerp), Cathedral of Our Lady (Antwerp), the Jan Fabre company or an image from Naked Heartland. Or pick them all. Scroll below to see the collection for yourself.  The semi-annual global summit of all things fashion, Paris's famed Haute Couture week, is being joined by a fresh face (well, sort of). Olivier Rousteing, the Creative Director behind the French fashion house Balmain, announced this morning that he's revitalizing their Haute Couture division at WWD's Retail & Apparel CEO Summit, WWD reports. Although even the brand's most recent Haute Couture collections are now vintage, they're certainly no stranger to the glitz of the sector. Their last collection was put out by then-Creative Director Oscar de la Renta in 2002. And while more is in the pipeline in terms of beauty and accessory endeavors, there's no telling where the brand's Parisian past will take it in the future. In a dichotomy of soft and sharp, light and dark, Dior Men's Spring 2019 collection sparked industry-wide buzz as Kim Jones daringly blurred the lines between haute couture and sportswear. From the bee to the toile de jouy, Christian's iconic motifs have been freely and respectfully reinvigorated into new emblems for the maison. Today, the Dior Men's Spring 2019 campaign has been released. With photography by Steven Meisel and film by Jackie Nickerson, it seems all hands are on deck to ensure that the multi-media advertisement accurately captures the essence of the collection. Of course, at the center of it all is New York artist Kaws' instantly iconic BFF character whose bright pink presence was also the centerpiece of the runway show. "I wanted it to reflect the spirit of the summer show and the beauty of Dior" confirms Jones, his signature mastery of subtle re-appropriation shining through each of the designs as well as the campaign itself. This campaign marks Kim Jones' debut as artistic director for Dior Menswear, and the beginning of a new neo-romantic era for the Dior Man. Watch the video, here. Credits Photography: Steven Meisel Art Direction: Ronnie Cooke Newhouse Stylist: Melanie Ward Make Up: Pat McGrath Hair: Guido Palau Digital Photography: Annie Powers Film Direction: Jackie Nickerson Models: Prince Nikolai @ Scoop Valentin @ Success Malik @ Success Romaine @ MP Paris Lukasg @ Premium After opening her Rodeo Drive flagship Tory Sport last month, Tory Burch shows no signs of slowing down. The third floor of her iconic Beverly Hills establishment has now become a place for active women and all of their chicest sport needs. With a wide range of items for various activities and climates, Tory Sport is the perfect place if you’re alpine skiing or just in it for the après. The line resembles her: high-performance and impossibly chic. At her Rodeo Drive store-within-a-store opening, Tory spoke to us about the future of athleticwear and made us want to be her tennis doubles partner. What are your favorite sports? I love tennis. When I was a little girl I wanted to play professionally—I thought I could be Chrissie Evert! I've always thought activewear lacked designer cuts & fits, did you experience the same problem and is that what propelled you to expand the brand? Yes. I have always been incredibly active, but I had trouble finding things that I actually wanted to wear during my workouts. I wanted pieces that were a bit more toned down and understated—that were sporty yet feminine. We created something sophisticated, classic and vintage-inspired. What is your favorite part about designing activewear? I love the challenge. There is a lot of trial-and-error, but it is rewarding when you see the final result. How do you want women to feel when they're wearing Tory Sport? Our hope is that women feel strong and empowered in our pieces. What piece of Tory Sport does you like to wear when out and about? I personally love our track pants. They are nostalgic yet modern. The fabric on the inside is a soft cotton, which feels great against the skin. They’re perfect for travel. The athleisure trend does not look like it's taking a rest. Do you think it's the new casual? This doesn’t feel like a trend to me. It really seems like a seismic shift in the way women are dressing. Women today lead busier, more active lives than ever. We design pieces that can transition seamlessly from workout to weekend.  Which Tory Sport pieces do you typically workout in?  Our chevron leggings—they’re breathable, moisture wicking and ultra-lightweight. They also have a soft, barely-there feel to them that I love.  Will we ever see Tory Sport menswear?  A unisex capsule could be interesting at some point in the future. There is certainly pressure from my three boys, as well as my brothers and nephews …. But right now we are focused on building the brand. Tory Sport is now open on the 3rd floor of 366 N Rodeo Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210 In one of the most star-studded events to take NYC since NYFW, Moschino x H&M unveiled their highly anticipated collaboration to the world with a blowout runway show. Inspired by the sights and sounds of Manhattan, the show was an homage to the wild city—and of course, adorned with creative director, Jeremy’s Scott’s signature flair. After featuring a lineup of tofay's  supermodels like the Hadid siblings, Soo Joo Park, and Teddy Quinlivan, the show was closed by the indisputable ultimate: Naomi Campbell herself.  While it’s always difficult to define the Jeremy Scott design aesthetic, it’s safe to say that the collaborative collection spared no expense when it comes to over-the-top, streetwear-inspired glamor. From head to toe leather, to faux fur throws, to sequined padded puffers—the collection is a ready-to-wear take on Scott’s bold and baring inspirations for couture. With glam liner looks created by none other than legendary artist Pat McGrath, the creative stars aligned last night in celebration of the collaboration. “The MOSCHINO x H&M collection is a gift to my fans and I wanted to give them the most MOSCHINO collection ever,” Scott explained in a press release. “I tried to include all the ingredients you would expect from one of my shows—cartoon couture mixed with a street wear vibe doused with hip hop worthy amounts of bling bling to create a totally MOSCHINO look.”  With an exclusive pop-up store featuring the runway looks, attendees were able to shop the show in true see-now-buy-now fashion. Along with the store was an augmented reality space, where guests stepped into a giant TV set to digitally experience the show. The result of the collaboration marks another chapter in H&M’s rich history of working with luxury houses, bringing wares to a larger market. Adapting Moschino motifs and silhouettes with a severely adjusted price point, the collaboration makes Moschino for everyone.  The Moschino x H&M collaboration will be available for purchase in select stores worldwide and online on November 8. Check out the looks from the runway show below.  Award winning designer-turned-artistic-director, Clare Waight Keller has returned to gender binary at Givenchy. The brand announced through Women’s Wear Daily that they will be reserving a date on the Fall 2019 menswear calendar. Though Givenchy made it clear that the decision was to further Keller’s vision, they did not elaborate. Keller’s work at the company began when she departed Chloè after six years to succeed Riccardo Tisci as artistic director of the French fashion house in 2017. Tisci reinvigorated the label with a more youthful identity that brought immense success. Keller, on the other hand, drew inspiration from the archives of Hubert de Givenchy. The announcement follows Keller’s Spring 2019 collection, which was based entirely off of famously non-binary Swiss writer, Annemarie Schwarzenbach.  Keller's shows were the first in the brand's history to be remotely gender neutral, so it makes sense that she could find inspiration in androgeny. Similar to her past collections, the menswear looks in her most recent show were fairly traditional, and few and far between. It was with the womenswear, where she drew truly inspiration from Schwarzenbach. Keller’s female models appeared to be barefaced, aside from an occasional red lip, and wore silhouettes that mimicked menswear, but with a twist— each look was tapered at the waist. Switching from co-ed to gendered ––and switching back again –– is not uncommon. Depending on industry trends and creative direction, brand narratives are always fluctuating in this way. Given that Givenchy is a branch of the French conglomerate LVMH, the choice may have been an attempt to tap into the thriving menswear market. LVMH has demonstrated interest in menswear by rearranging their creative heads and investing in new faces like Virgil Abloh. Maybe this move will allow Keller to pay more attention to menswear, an element she has yet to master.  It only takes 15 water bottles to make a lightweight puffer, and 60 can make a parka. So when Everlane released their ReNew collection, made entirely of 3 million plastic bottles, they had a lot to work with. The collection, out today, launches in conjunction with the go-to brand for basics’ pledge to eliminate all virgin plastics from their supply chain by 2021. “Plastic is poisoning our oceans, clogging landfills, and destroying the environment. The worst part? Companies are making more than ever. And we just keep buying it,” the brand’s founder, Michael Preysman, said in a statement. “There’s only one solution: Stop creating virgin plastic—and instead, renew what’s already here.” The process, which begins in the brand’s recycling facility, starts with washing/sorting the plastic bottles. After labels are rinsed off, they are shredded into 1cm chips, which are then melted and spun into long strands. Finally, these strands are chopped, melted, and refined into a finer thread spun to create polyester. The brand’s plans also include getting rid of virgin plastics from their offices, stores, and packaging while making sure all synthetic materials are renewed.  Everlane joins a great trend of brands working to produce fashion in a more eco-friendly way—like Patagonia, which traditionally used recycled polyester. Adidas also said in August they would only use recycled plastics in their shoes and apparel by 2024. The brand’s collection, available online today, features a variety of fleeces, sweaters, and parkas made of the renewed plastics. Photographs by Danilo Lauria Styling by Yael Quint Emerging Norwegian model Emma Ellingsen is currently one of the hottest names on Scandi social media, her looks, wit, and laidback style has given her a following close to the 300k mark on YouTube and Instagram, but Ellingsen wants to be clear about one thing—she was born in the wrong body. “I love talking about my story and helping to normalize being born in the wrong body,” explains Ellingsen, also a spokesperson for the local and international transgender community. She was eight years old when she first realized her gender identity did not match her biological sex, 13 years old when she appeared in a documentary by Norwegian TV2 called Born In The Wrong Body, and 15 when she came out to her followers as a trans woman in a viral YouTube video. The video also marked her pivot to English-language videos. Has that moment complicated her career in the spotlight? “I see how you can feel a lot of pressure when you're a public figure, but I'm just trying to do what I want and to be myself while doing it,” says Ellingsen. Now only 17, the young model counts several cover stories for Norwegian fashion mags as well as appearances in international publications like W magazine among her fashion credits. This early attention does not scare Ellingsen, however, it ignites her. “Because my follower count is high it has given me the opportunity to do a lot of things I normally wouldn’t have been able to,” she says. “I’ve been fortunate to work with multiple brands and been in contact with several modelling agencies.” Her Instagram is filled with cute selfies and inspirational posts, whilst her 270k followers on YouTube can enjoy quirky and fun makeup tutorials and silly videos she makes with her friends. But, more than that, Ellingsen’s courage and openness have spread across the world through her social media channels, creating a voice for the younger generation transitioning into who they really are. “I am happy to be able to share my story and to help people in the same situation,” she explains. “ I want to be remembered as someone who helped normalise being born in the wrong body, not to mention my videos and the fact that I have stayed true to who I really am all this time.” CREDITS Hair: Paal Lundhaug Makeup: Linda Wickmann  Producers: Yael Quint, Sander Stenbakk Stylist Assistants: Tine Nielsen, Ragnhild-Marie Nerheim Special Thanks: Collective Fashion Art Festival, Oslo Runway, This is PR, Grand Hotel Oslo, Hoyer Eger , Orneulf Hoyer, YME , Blender Agency, Norway New York. Mickey Mouse is celebrating his 90th birthday, and he hired Opening Ceremony to make the party favors. The brand, best known for its collaborations and nontraditional collection premieres, has joined forces with Disney to bring a fashion edge to timeless childhood magic. Co-creative director Humberto Leon looked to Disney's archives for the collection, drawing Mickey graphics reminiscent of the iconic mouse's early days. And while the cartoon imagery is anything but subtle, this is a far cry from a gift shop sweatshirt or your childhood pajamas. Mickey's face jazzes up a faux-fur coat, his ears become sleeves on a statement blouse, and renderings of the iconic mouse in action decorate elegant gowns and maxi skirts. The collection first debuted at "The Happiest Show on Earth," Opening Ceremony's Spring 2018 event held at  Disneyland. The night attracted the likes of Maya Rudolph and Chance the Rapper, ended with an after-party at Toontown DJed by Diplo and featured plenty of merch covered in mouse ears in between. Now that the pieces are available for purchase, expect to see them on Disney superfans and logomania junkies alike, both on and off theme park grounds. In a time marked by both uncertainty and campy nostalgia, Opening Ceremony's sartorial take on Disney memories feels relevant. Family-friendly magic has grown up a bit, making a sophisticated case for including Mickey Mouse patterns in the animal print trend. The Disney x Opening Ceremony ready-to-wear collection is available now in Opening Ceremony stores and online. Photographer: Luca Iafrate @lucaiafrate_photo
Stylist: Martina Scarano @Freelance Fashion Agency
Makeup & Hair: The MaviMua
Model: Shay @ 2mmodel Royal weddings only happen once in a blue moon, so getting two in one year is certainly worth noting. Earlier today, Princess Eugenie of York, granddaughter to Queen Elizabeth II and cousin to Prince Will and Prince Harry, wed Jack Brooksbank. The celeb turnout was a site to behold, as always—everyone from Kate Moss to Amal Clooney and Tracey Emin turned out—and royals from the Queen herself to the ever-controversial Sarah, Duchess of York even came out in support of the young princess. Princess Eugenie, praised for her modernity (such as balancing a job as a contemporary art gallery director with her royal duties), is 8th in line for the throne. Ever about inclusivity, the wedding took place at St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle. The Princess wore a bespoke Peter Pilotto wedding dress with an open back, meant to show the Royal’s scars from surgery correcting her scoliosis at the age of 12. And just as street style does to fashion week, the fascinators always take up the spotlight at any major royal wedding. And it looks like the A-listers and socialites threw their hat into the ring this time around, too. See our round-up of the 7 top headwear pieces at today’s nuptials below. Naomi Campbell Naomi Campbell is no stranger to flaunting a great outfit. So, when the supermodel donner her Ralph & Russo dress with a hat by milliner Philip Treacy, favored by others of the English social set and royals alike. Image via Instagram / @TamaraRalph Kate Moss Naomi wasn’t the only supermodel to show up to the royal affair. Kate Moss and daughter Lila Grace turned out in their Sunday best (on a Friday), both also donning fascinators by Philip Treacy. Image via Instagram / @PhilipTreacy Cara Delevingne Cara’s not exactly known for coloring in the lines, so following dress code came with a twist: she came dressed according to instructions for the men. Delevingne showed up in an Emporio Armani suit, complete with coattails and tophat. Image via Instagram / @CaraDelevingne Pippa Middleton Pippa’s sartorial skills always come in handy at events such as these. In a forest-green Emilia Wickstead number, a favorite of the socialite, she also wore Charlotte Olympia accessories and a Jane Taylor London wide-brim headpiece. Image via Instagram / @jtmillinery Poppy Delevingne While going for something more traditionally feminine than her sister, Poppy Delevingne still knows how to push the envelope. In an eyelet Oscar de la Renta gown, the socialite shows some skin while also respecting the royal dress code, and threw on a vegan feathered fascinator from Victoria Grant to drive the statement home. Image via Instagram / @VictoriaGrant Ellie Goulding Ellie Goulding, who just announced her own engagement in August, clearly knows how to dress for the big day. She arrived at the wedding in a powder-blue dress and matching Edwina Ibbotson hat. Image via Instagram / @Edwinaibbotson Demi Moore Even Demi Moore, friend of the bride’s parents, had an invite to the wedding. Showing up with her eponymous bag, Gabriela Hearst’s Demi tote, the actress stood out in a maroon Stella McCartney dress and matching maroon hat from Philip Treacy. Image via Instagram / @StellaMcCartney Glenn Martens, the creative brain behind fashion label Y/PROJECT, has been announced as Pitti Uomo 95's guest designer. Following suit with guest designers from past editions, rather than showcasing his collection in Paris during fashion week, Martens will debut the Y/PROJECT Fall 2019 collection at the men's fashion convention in Florence instead.  “Glenn Martens has created a new aesthetic language with Y/PROJECT driven by contradictions, in which chic is combined with extravagance and eclectic references, while streetwear elements are enriched by historical and couture touches sometimes out of scale; a conceptual design, which has already entered into sync with the most advanced parts of the market,” said Lapo Cianchi, Pitti Immagine Director of Communications and Special Events. “Glenn is a designer who expresses an acute sense of humor, with a vision of fashion that is extremely personal, where there is room for the freedom to dress as you like, experiment and have fun—without raising barriers of any kind.”  In case you needed more convincing that this news is truly everything,  reacquaint your self with Martens's work, specifically this pair of thigh-high Ugg Boots, that became the talk of Paris Fashion Week Fall 2018 and even received a stamp of approval from Rihanna herself.  Pitti Uomo 95 is set to take place from January 8–11, 2019.  I’m sat in a white-walled room on the top floor of a small industrial building in the heart of East London. Despite the clinical interior, there are noticeable hints of creativity—a clothes rail rests in one corner showcasing bold-patterned silk shirts, black flared trousers with white contract seams and a selection of understated stripes. Dominating the space is a large hand-painted artwork on square canvas. The abstract piece features lengthy strokes in a variety of blue hues. I’ve seen this piece before, as the backdrop for British menswear designer Daniel w. Fletcher’s Fall 18 presentation. He painted the artwork himself, using it as a key source of inspiration for his designs. Fletcher launched the brand back in 2016 with a bold debut that included marching an army of models to London Fashion Week, with the word ‘STAY’ emblazoned on their attire, in protest of Brexit. His off-schedule performance on the streets outside 180 Strand (aka the home of British Fashion) gained international coverage, and cemented his place as one of London’s most promising new designers. These days, the brand is a fully fledged business. Fletcher had his first full-scale runway show at the start of the year, his designs have been worn by the likes of Troye Sivan and Tom Daley and he’s currently a semi-finalist for the Woolmark Prize. It’s easy to see why he’s come so far in such a short amount of time, his creations are aesthetically driven while still being wearable, and they often contain an important political message—sometimes subtle, sometimes bold. His craftsmanship, attention to detail, and ability to create something affordably luxe sets him aside from other young designers emerging on the London fashion scene. When Fletcher appears from his studio kitchen with a freshly made mint tea, he greets me like an old friend from his native Northern England. There’s something about Fletcher’s presence that is instantly humble—his brand may be on the up, but his ego certainly isn’t. When we start talking, he’s hyper-aware of the fact that he’s worked hard to get where he is, but he’s intent on pushing the brand into uncharted realms.   Tell us, when did you first become interested in fashion? A very long time ago! I was about four years old and I was matching my socks to my t-shirt. It wasn’t until much later on that I decided to go into it as a profession. I did art at school and then I went to study Art Foundation at Kingston University, which was quite broad. You do Fine Arts, Graphics, Illustration — a number of different disciplines and then you choose one to specialize in and I chose fashion. After that I applied to Central Saint Martins to study menswear. How does the work that you did when you were studying compare to your work now? Did you find your design aesthetic when you were at university? It came later, for sure. The first two years, everything I did was an absolute load of shit! I remember one of the first projects I did was the white project, where you’re only allowed to use white fabric. I did this coat and trousers that were inspired by things that had been pickled in jars—it was so bad! I would just pick a theme out of nowhere that would have no relation to me. It was when I was on placement year that I understood what it was to put a collection together. When I went back into my final year, that was when I’d really figured out what I wanted to say with my work and so the collection that I produced became my first collection. I sold it to Opening Ceremony in the US, and that became my first season. Everything I have done since then has been a development of that.   What inspires your collections? You’ve got a base layer which is like the core Daniel W. Fletcher wardrobe and then you have the more fashion pieces and the slightly sporty elements, and I start to build it like that. The inspiration for what the collection is about tends to come from how I’m feeling at the time. If you look at the most recent collection that I did, it was very off-the-rails businessman. That came from a place of feeling like I was going crazy in this business world trying to run a label and it was a way for me to express all of those feelings. As a result I looked at old images from the 80s of men in their suits but then tried to take it to a new place. I turned it on its head and put in these gender-fluid elements like the corset and the halter-neck tops and ripped the lining out of the suits. I created this story about a man that had been in the office for 70 hours that week and had got to Friday and he just went out and ended up not going home because he’d gone completely mad. If I didn’t do that in the collection then maybe I would have in real life! What is the design process of taking a concept through to production? I work really closely with my stylist Ben [Schofield]. I will spend some time with my team putting together moodboards and research and buying vintage and pulling out things from old seasons and looking at things that we should push a bit more. Then we all get together and have a day with a model and we will try loads of clothes on and lay out all the research. I’ll tell Ben what I’m feeling and he gives me some feedback and we figure it out and go from there. Then he will come back a few weeks later and we will have made some things and that happens a few times throughout the season. We’ll be working with a model, we’ll be working with sketches, mood-boards and research from all different areas—it could be something that I found in a charity shop that could be like a weird piece of fake sportswear that has been made on a backstreet somewhere or it could be a vintage couture jacket. It could even be something completely unrelated to fashion, like a painting or an interesting surface that I’ve found. And then it doesn’t really all come together until like a week before the show!   You seem to have moved away from overtly political expressions. Designing collections is my way of expressing myself. I think I’m still very political, personally, and there are elements of that in the collection, but it’s just in a less obvious way. The collections which were so obviously political and that came from a place of being really frustrated with the situation that we were in at the time, around Brexit and the referendum and the Donald Trump vote and things like that. They were so in our face so I felt like I had to talk about them. Do you think you were at risk of being put into a box, and there was an expectation that you’d do something political every time? Definitely. I made a conscious decision not to be too political with the collections because I didn’t want to be put in that box. The reason I was making those statements was not to gain attention, it was actually just because I thought we needed to talk about them and I didn’t want it to be a thing where people said ‘he’s just making a collection that is political because that’s what he does.’ The brand is about self-expression and getting people to talk about things, but that’s not all we’re about so it’s less obvious now. You did your first runway show in January! How did it compare to doing presentations? I liked doing it because it felt like you could tell the story more completely. You can build it and really create some drama with it and I felt like we were able to do that with the format of a show. I was a bit reluctant going into it. I wanted to do it because I wanted to show some progression as a brand, and show some diversity in what I was able to do but then I was like ‘is it completely necessary?’ Because that idea of a fashion show sometimes feels a bit out-dated. I enjoyed it, and for that particular collection and with the music, the lights and the set, we were able to really create a narrative but that doesn’t mean that I’m always going to do a show from now on. As a young British designer, do you feel supported by the industry and the British Fashion Council? I never received Newgen or Fashion East or anything so in terms of that I found it difficult because the designers who received those sponsorships are pushed in a lot of ways and have a huge platform to work with. I did receive the Boden Future British Award which actually goes to designers who are doing things slightly differently, I think that was because I was trying to build a brand. I’ve got a retail platform, I do a lot of product-focused things in my brand, rather than it being all about fashion. You’re a finalist in the Woolmark Prize, tell us how that came about. You have to be in business for three years before you can enter and this is my third year in business so I was eligible to apply. I already use a lot of wool in my collections, but I had to design a collection for them that is made out of 100 percent Merino wool and I had to do six looks and find all the fabrics. They were amazing. They have a wool lab where you go and they introduce you to suppliers and manufactures. I went into the semi-final a couple of months ago and basically just met all these judges and then I was chosen as one of the winners in the semi-final. There are four from Europe, four from the US and four from Asia and we will all be in the final in February.   The purpose of this column is to revisit the god-awful UGG-liness that was fashion from the third millennium so we aren't doomed to the same mistakes.  Moccasins have been worn by Native American tribes for a long time—like, 5,500 yeats long. But if you asked Mischa Barton or Hillary Duff, they would probably tell you that they were first discovered in 2007.    The thing about this trend is that it's not aesthetically ugly—the lack of respect for its origin is. We're buying moccasins from brands that aren't run by Indigenous people, thus we're not giving credit where it's due; Indigenous designers and culture. Cultural appropriation happens when there is an unequal power dynamic in which the "dominant culture" takes cultural elements from a group that they have systematically oppressed. In these cases, the "dominant culture" only takes the positive aspects of the culture (ie aesthetics, art, etc.) and rejects all of the negatives that come with belonging to said culture (racism, rates of unemployment, the suicide epidemics, etc.), therefore trivialising hundreds of years of violence and genocide. And in case you still don't get the difference between cultural appropriation and cultural borrowing, there's a cultural appropriation guideline for fashion designers and creators. Of course, we've learned nothing since. In 2012, Karlie Kloss walked down the Victoria's Secret runway in a racy Native American-inspired outfit that made the audience gasp, a mistake that the brand mysteriously (and may I add stupidly) repeated in 2017 with a segment of the show titled "Nomadic Adventures." In 2015, the Canadian designers behind Dsquared2 unveiled their Dsquaw collection, a magnificently tone-deaf attempt at Indigenous inspired clothing. These are only a few examples—the list goes on. Mukluks are another strain of culturally appropriated footwear that a lot of us are guilty of wearing (even me). I had a tan pair that I wore every day—even in the rain—so they started to smell. I still kept wearing them. I deserve this shame. But who would I be if I offered only reproach and no solutions?  First, if you've ever dabbled in this cultural appropriation puddle, you can make maneds by 1. Stopping and 2. Buying clothing and accessories made by Native people. Second, support Native social justice movements and institutions, like the Center for American Indian Research and Native Studies, the American Indian Business Leaders organziation, or Women Empowering Women for Indigenous Nations. Finally, take ownership of the times you've appropriated culture, and call it out next time you see it. After all, we learn best from our mistakes. So I implore you: If you're going to take it back to the early 2000s and buy yourself a pair of moccasins or mukluks, do it right.  The name of the Corrals’ design brainchild, ARJÉ, is defined by the brand as "The Essence of Everything." It might sound like a lofty claim, sure—but upon first look at the clothing label that prides itself on creating beautiful wardrobe essentials, it becomes crystal clear that ARJÉ is simply just that. A thoughtful distillation of luxury fashion to its roots, the brand pares away the tinkling, yet often distracting, bells and whistles that cover so many of the collections we watch walk down the runways every season. Arjé is the fashionably physical manifestation of a collaboration between two creatives, two designers, two business partners—who also just so happen to be life partners, too.  Debuting its first “Chapter” in early 2017, Arjé is nearing its two-year anniversary as a clothing label. Free from the restrictions of the traditional fashion calendar, the brand releases clothing in chapters that coincide with periods of organic creative inspiration that come and go in the couple’s lives—their latest chapter marking their 5th.  “Each chapter always reflects a “story” in our life,” said the designers. “We start each chapter by reflecting on a personal moment that we are in, or a current philosophy we live by. We allow the emotion of a story to be translated into a concept within the collection.” As collaborators within the label, and partners in life, the co-designers have found a sense of sync when it comes to developing Arjé’s unique, design aesthetic. “We have always ‘seen’ the same thing, but have always had a very different way of approaching how to get there,” the Corrals explain. “Through the years of working together with and before ARJÉ, we have learned more and more about our strengths and weaknesses and have become incredibly complimentary. Our tastes have really evolved into one, but we love approaching everything with 2 brains and challenging each other to create something better than we would and could create alone.”  With five chapters establishing a strong base of the brand’s design aesthetic, the clothing is heavily influenced by the co-designers “ well-traveled and semi-nomadic lifestyles.” Simplistic, neutral, and earthy, the brand feels deeply rooted in the natural, with an adaptive quality anchored in the aspects of minimalism. “We are constantly inspired by nature, by natural forms, and by natures never-ending cycle. Less is more in our world and neutral colors allow you to see the form, structure, and construction of each piece, versus over-decorating pieces with too much noise,” said the Corrals. “Working with a never-ending neutral color palette allows us to keep all our and collections—or as we call them “chapters” connected. Every time we start a new collection we build a color story that works with the past season while keeping in mind the future seasons so there is a very defined connection between everything we do.”   Along with imbuing inspiration drawn from the personal into their clothing, the designers also aim to create a sense of familiarity for the consumer through their brick-and-mortar retail locations, which they call ARJÉ Homes. There’s one in the heart of SoHo and one in London as well.  “Having a physical store has been one of the most rewarding experiences since we launched our brand. We have formed direct bonds with our customers, and have created incredible relationships that can only be formed in a physical world,” said the Corrals. “By nature of us running our own stores there is a very special energy within the store and we feel a true sense of community being built. We believe the ARJÉ space could be a catalyst to create a unique community in the heart of NYC.”  Despite having locations in the US and UK, the self-described “lovechild” brand was originally conceived in the south of Italy.  “ARJÉ was originally inspired by Puglia—not quite a city, but a region. We started traveling to Puglia the summer before we launched our brand, and so much of its natural beauty, purity and design sensibility formed our original concept of our brand,” said the designers.  However, they are also sure to note that since establishing a home in NYC, the brand has taken on a new flavor inspired by the necessity for functionality and practicality in the American megacity.  “Living in NYC and giving birth to our brand here, has given it a true urban, city vibe and practicality. Its both functional and chic, and built with a purpose of ‘wardrobing’ so you have one outfit that takes you from day to night, from office to dinner.” As ARJÉ moves closer to debuting Chapter Six, both creators look towards the future of the brand with hopes of growing it larger and incorporating elements of lifestyle products.  “We see ARJÉ growing into a full lifestyle brand, from day one we envisioned a world when creating our brand,” said the Corrals. “Essentially, we want to create a full experience, a world where someone can eat, sleep, drink and literally be ARJÉ. Having our physical stores has allowed us to get closer to expressing this vision within our first year of business, but we have a lot more to explore. We now believe we have a community that is ready to receive our bigger vision.”  Over the last few seasons, '90s inspiration has completely taken fashion by storm, from logo-covered athleisure to tiny sunglasses to neons galore. Perhaps the most major part of this revival is the ugly sneaker trend, so Reebok decided there was no better time to relaunch the Aztrek, their iconic trainer from the actual 1990s.  Fitting the mix of nostalgia and innovation, the campaign's six stars are creatives and tastemakers whose formative years fell at the end of the millennium. Social media phenomenon Jay Versace, Frankie Collective creative director Sara Goulay, Kirk Tilton of L.A. vintage institution For All to Envy, and more discuss their inspirations for the “Aztrek: 90s Re-Run" video series. All have individualistic, entrepreneurial spirits, which they connect to the creative explosion of two decades ago, as well as the sneaker's journey from performance to fashion.     Shot on film in homage to '90s visual culture, the videos feature the millennial tastemakers adventuring around scenic environments in Upstate New York, the deserts of Joshua Tree and Death Valley, and Utah's slot canyons. Everyone wears colorful, athletic outfits that appear straight out of the decade rather than simply inspired by it, and the starring shoes take center stage from every angle, shown in all types of physical activity as well as flying off in pastel smoke. The combination of engaging imagery with young creatives provides a convincing picture of why the '90s have been such a major inspiration for the past few years, but Reebok didn't stop at just the shoes. In addition to the new Aztreks, five capsule collections from the campaign's partners are available, but there's a major catch: the pieces are so rare that fans must enter a giveaway in order to obtain them. Each creative's vision will enter the closets of six lucky winners, while other entrants will just have to purchase a pair of the relaunched shoes and use some '90s-inspired creativity to craft a colorful ensemble to match. Reebok's Fall/Winter 2018 Aztreks are available now online. From being a role model to millions for her outspoken advocacy about self-acceptance to gracing the covers of countless fashion magazines—there’s no arguing that Ashley Graham has established herself as a certified, pretty big deal. While Graham has long been making waves in the spheres of modeling and social activism, as of recent she’s turning her attention to an exciting, new project: her first-ever podcast, called ‘Pretty Big Deal’.  ‘Pretty Big Deal’ aims to be an outlet through which Graham is joined by ”trailblazing guests for intimate, off the cuff conversations about culture, beauty, business and owning who you are. With the biggest, boldest and most influential people discussing heartfelt and hilarious issues that really matter... this is a Pretty Big Deal." As a vocal social activist and recognized figurehead within the continued push for body positivity, the podcast seems to be a natural step for the strong and opinionated speaker.  The first episode, which was just released this morning, features Kim Kardashian as her special guest. Be sure to give the podcast a listen here, and hear the two women talk everything from how to grow a business to goofy stories like that time Kim stuck her finger down Ashley’s throat. Casual.    Andreas Kronthaler was inspired by The Skate Girls of Kabul, the Award-winning photo series by Jessica Fulford-Dobson, the work of Austrian artist Walter Pichler and American artist Paul Thek, as well as the furnishings housed inside of the Ritz Hotel in Paris for his Spring 2019 collection for Vivienne Westwood. If you think that sounds sort of wacky and confusing, you're not wrong. The collection included bodybuilders in tiny underwear (designed by his friend Yasmine Eslami) and crop tops, models in graphic leggings on skateboards and scooters, and an upside-down chair as a hat.  Kronthaler is an Austrian former Olympic sport shooter who met Westwood when he was her student in fashion design school. They've been married since 1992, and have been working together since. The collection's bags, belts, jewelry, and shoes were all designed by Westwood, with the exception of the collection's colorful combat boots, which he made in collaboration with Buffalo London.  See the collection below.  Photography by Mich Cardin.  Olivier Rousteing's "Paris meets Egypt" collection for Spring 2019 was a refreshing move away from his usual over-the-top glam. Models (including the much buzzed about return of Cara Delevigne) were sent down the runway looking like haute mummies. The collection also included big volume and shapes, and some exciting silver chrome accents.  See some details from the runway below.  Photography by Mich Cardin Joseph Altuzarra's Spring 2019 collection was a detail-lovers dream. He offered up tons of options for next summer's It dress; from woven knitted dresses with seashell details to full-on technicolor plastic fringe. The youthful collection also included two-piece gingham suits that we can already picture on every fashion editor, as well as mesh knit bags and shoes to match.  See some details from the collection below.  Chloé, a brand which epitomizes the glamor of the Parisian woman, debuted its Spring 2019 collection at Paris Fashion Week. For this season, the house led by creative director Natacha Ramsay-Levi builds upon the creative concept of a fashion nomad, ever so slightly weather-worn by the whipping winds of the Moroccan desert.  Fitting with the brand’s aesthetic ethos, the latest collection’s color story remains grounded in tried-and-true, ceramic neutral tones. Interspersed between the earthy shades are pieces utilizing design techniques like patchwork, along with bohemian-inspired prints like carpet jacquard and ikat. Citing “hippie modernism” a creative influence, in this collection Ramsay-Levi balances the eclectic and far out with fashion-forward silhouettes and modern styling.  It’s impossible to comprehensively critique a Chloé collection without considering accessories. Looser cuts on dresses, kaftans, and pants are held at the hips by knotted rope belts, complete with rich, gold hardware that has become a Chloé calling card. From layered necklaces to delicate arm and ankle bands, the polished, French brand is the master when it comes to accent jewelry that can elevate a look. Paired with the new designs, oversized fringe earrings pair with disc-like pendants around the neck to “create a sensory overload of wrapped and bias-cut layering.”  Through its latest runway show, Chloé has demonstrated and fortified an established aesthetic vision. Remaining rooted in a strong sense of the feminine, Chloé is anchored by its brand heritage for Spring 2019. Take a look at the full collection below.  Maison Margiela’s cult-favorite Replica fragrances get a little sibling: this morning, timed to the brand’s Spring-Summer 2019 show, Maison Margiela announced the release of Mutiny. The Eau de Parfum became a major sensory (and marketing) note of the collection presentation, as the had spritzed the tuberose concoction around the show’s venue beforehand. As Creative Director John Galliano told British Vogue, he drew on the past year’s global upheaval for the fragrance’s title and said disorder and unrest for the collection, as well. Staying true to Margiela’s signature deconstructed approach to glamour, Galliano ripped hems and left behind original seam stitches on sheaths of fabric to evoke an unfinished blazer or coat. Equally rule-breaking was Galliano’s approach to gender, after putting a male model in a pleated shirt-dress and Hanne Gaby Odiele in a wide-lapel suit and white loafers. Some tops, coats, and capes had armholes, some restricted their wearer to fingertips at their thighs. Galliano’s message for Spring was just as visual as olfactory: one finds freedom after breaking hindering norms and social constructs; only through mutiny can one be free. Simone Rocha's show at Lancaster House last night was inspired by the clothing worn in the Tang Dynasty in the 16th Century. Rocha's father and a large portion of her family come from Hong Kong, so the designer wished to explore this aspect of her background for her latest collection. She included wallpaper brocade, lace flowers, and statement hats with veils in a collection that is very far removed from fashion's current obsession with streetwear and modernity.  In a recent interview, she explained that a recent visit also inspired the collection; "I was also thinking about Qingming, the Chinese equivalent of the Day of the Dead when everyone goes up the mountain in Hong Kong to clean their family’s gravestones," she said. "I was there this Easter when we went up to visit our grandparents." See highlights from the collection below.  Victoria Beckham showed her namesake label's Spring 2019 collection yesterday at London Fashion Week, marking the brand's ten year anniversary and return to the designer's hometown. She describes the collection as a sort of homage to the brand's past; "This collection looks back, but also forward – it explores the codes of the brand, the identity I’ve built up over the ten years since my first show," says Beckham. "Fluid lines, a mix of masculine and feminine, print, an arresting mix of unusual colors – these are our codes."  The collection is functional, comfortable, and minimalistic as always, and she describes it as an offering of choice; "There are slender and wide trousers, midi and full-length skirts, eased shapes and fitted forms," she says. "Brocade and satin, tailoring and fluidity."  See the collection below.  It seems everyone checks the time on their phones these days, but Chanel has a compelling (and chic) reason to go for a classic watch. In a new campaign for Code Coco, the iconic French brand heads to the Ritz Paris to follow the timepiece around the wrists of elite models. The video heads around the hotel where Coco Chanel slept to offer a peek into the days of Alice Dellal, Soo Joo Park, Nozomi Iijima, and Alma Jodorowsky as they enjoy Parisian luxury. Just like the iconic designer, the models seem right at home in the hotel: Dellal enjoys a lazy breakfast in the courtyard, Park relaxes in an enormous swimming pool all to herself, and Jodorowsky decides the front desk is a perfect spot to read some F. Scott Fitzgerald. Metronomy's "The Look" plays in the background, a reminder that Chanel's aesthetic aims to transcend time. Code Coco, a watch line which launched last year, takes inspiration from Chanel's most iconic handbag creation, the 2.55. Its black, quilted design brings modern minimalism to a classic aesthetic, and it feels right at home in a campaign which infiltrates black-and-white video of the historic Ritz Paris with the brand's youthful current favorites and an indie soundtrack. Chanel's next ready-to-wear collection will show early next month, so this campaign feels like a reminder of two things: time is ticking, and Paris Fashion Week attendees should get excited for the promise of French chic amidst the craziness of attending shows. Take this as inspiration to take a slower morning, whether you're sipping a café au lait in France's most iconic hotel or simply enjoying a little self-care. Whoever said ‘less is more’ clearly never met Giuseppe Zanotti. The early pioneer of the ‘heel-less’ silhouette has brought back the gravity-defying footwear in his latest collaboration with Christian Cowan, the audacious celebrity dresser and NYFW heavyweight. The shoes made their first appearances on Christian Cowan’s Spring 2019 collection preview this past week. The shoes also feature a gold wristwatch-turned-ankle-strap, as if a stiletto sans-heel wasn’t enough. Regardless, the shoes definitely take fashion’s current minimalist tendencies and turn them on their heads. “Our maximalist styles married together have created a line of shoes that will be sure to keep you watching,” Cowan said in a joint statement with Giuseppe Zanotti. The pair is available now at Giuseppe Zanotti. At the ripe age of one hundred and twenty-three, Henri Bendel passed away silently in its slumber of low sales numbers and falling profits throughout parent company L Brands. Well, not quite yet: the brand’s 23 stores and website are set to close completely this January. So, as we mourn the imminent death of our favorite store where nobody shops/the retailer with probably the most references in the Gossip Girl franchise, we also ask: who was Henri Bendel? Brown-striped boxes and kitschy totes aside, Henri Willis Bendel was a Louisiana-born socialite who started an eponymous millinery in Greenwich Village in 1895 and quickly began dressing Manhattan’s social set. The couturier-cum-philanthropist eventually moved the store uptown and is credited with bringing the likes of Coco Chanel to the United States, according to its website. The store now gets to go the way of its owner, who also died 82 years ago. These days, the store is known for its impractical hat boxes and its Fifth Avenue Flagship, the latter of which has an uncertain fate due to its Historical Landmark Status (achieved with the help of none other than Jackie Kennedy Onassis). Regardless, Bendel is survived by the remaining 3 of the 4 original B’s of New York City’s retail set: Bergdorf Goodman, Barney’s New York, and Bloomingdale’s; none of whom will be able to make obnoxious in-house accessories and surprisingly fabulous candles into a 120-year-old brand the way Bendel did. RIP.  This year's New York Fashion Week was one for the history books—a stark departure from previous whisperings that the first part of Fashion Month was headed towards decline. Excitement came in many forms: Cardi B and Nicki Minaj participated in a heated exchange at Harper's Bazaar's Icons Party, model Slick Woods went into labor seconds after walking Savage X Fenty, graduation caps were deemed the hottest new accessory by Raf Simons for Calvin Klein, and Marc Jacobs issued a heartfelt apology via Instagram for making an audience of influencers, editors, and celebs wait nearly two hours before his show started. The drama! Even GQ declared "Fashion Week Is Finally Fun Again," however, no one had quite as much fun as designer Brandon Maxwell.  It was a career-defining season for the Texas native, whose expertly tailored collections have won him a covetable place within the competitive global fashion industry. Maxwell hails from Longview, Texas, where he grew up before attending the University of Texas at Austin. After matriculating, he moved to New York City, where he began assisting stylists—among them Nicola Formichetti—and later was contracted by Lady Gaga herself. It was in 2015 that he presented his first collection, now, three years later, he appears to have found himself again. For Spring 2019, Maxwell, 33, brought exuberance, personality, and color to what seemed like a bleak week, especially given the cloudy grey weather. And contrary to what many might think, the pieces weren't inspired by the bustling streets of New York, but instead, was inspired by the city of Marfa, Texas, where Maxwell took up residency to produce each garment for the collection. "I got engaged in Marfa—it's a quiet spot for me—I always enjoy being there," Maxwell shared. "It was a mental reset and a break, and trying to work in a different way." His fiancé, Jessy Price, directed a documentary film which chronicled Maxwell’s progress. "It was great to do that because I got to watch myself on film, and see what I could do better," Maxwell said gushingly. "[Price] really wanted to show the process and not the comedy of it."  The isolation, fresh air, and color of the Texas sunset served as his muses, thus, the concept for his Spring 2019 show was born. Inside the Classic Car Club at Hudson River Park's Pier 76, the scene was light, bright, and quintessentially Texan. Bright red folding chairs were lined neatly along either side of the runway, while pale pink Yeti coolers full of Shiner beer (a Texas staple) were ready for pillaging. Then the show began. Models like Gigi and Bella Hadid, Joan Smalls, and a pregnant Lily Aldridge walked the show wearing bright shades of pink, seafoam green, red and white—a vast departure from previous seasons considering the notable absence of the color black (which some would say is a Brandon Maxwell signature). "It's one of those things that I didn't plan...I just realized a couple days ago that [the collection] doesn't even have a black button or a zipper," Maxwell explained. "Every look is a different color, [like] what's happening? I knew what I needed to be around to make it—it wasn't purposeful, it just happened." Standout accessories included teeny-tiny handbags emblazoned with the letter B, clear lucite hat boxes and champagne carriers with gilded gold accents. Add a soundtrack full of songs by Reba McEntire's "Fancy," and Selena Quintanilla's "Dreaming Of You," and you have yourself a grand ole time; several members of the audience gave a standing ovation—rightfully so.  But while the majority of designers simply presented their collections during NYFW, Maxwell, in particular, did more than that. "The whole show is [about] how I ended up here and how lucky I am," he stated. "When you take time away, you realize how a lot of what you focus on in this world doesn't actually matter at all," a fact he wouldn't have realized had it not been for his residency. "When I left [Marfa], I was thinking about how lucky I am to be in this position and to have this opportunity—I met so many young kids in Marfa who are creative and want the opportunity, but maybe don't have the access to it. It just got me thinking about how much I take it for granted." That was when he sought out the help of MAC Cosmetics.  In a matter of 12 weeks, both Maxwell and MAC decided to launch a makeup collaboration, which went on sale immediately the day after the show. The range includes lipsticks (with shades named after Maxwell's creative inspirations like Pamela Sue, his mother), high-gloss Lipglasses (named Kady’s Kiss and Baby B, after his sisters), and an eyeshadow set titled Dot's Dots, inspired by his grandmother (who also doubled as his latest campaign star). The color palette is inspired by both the Texas sunset and Maxwell's favorite Texas women. "I always loved in Austin, coming home from school, and driving in the hills: The sun was setting, and for me, it was such a reflective and peaceful time," he reflects. "It was every day of my life, from that 6 to 6:30 pm. You just look at it and think Wow. Everything is more beautiful in that light."  The highlight of the collaboration wasn't just the makeup. It was also decided that there would be an open contest on August 6—dubbed #MACithappen—where kids around the country would create videos, sharing their dreams in the process. Both teams received over a thousand submissions before narrowing down to two winners: Tobi Zoi Haastrup (who hopes to one day work in finance) and Nick Perez (a future fashion designer). "I wanted to do something that would benefit other kids like myself," Maxwell explains. "It was so amazing driving in the car with Nick because he was looking out the window, and he'd only been in NYC for four hours. He was so excited. He was experiencing it for the first time, and that feeling was just like, Woah. I looked at him and I saw myself—that's what this is all about." It’s refreshing to see that despite achieving monumental success, Maxwell has been able to preserve his humility, while simultaneously embracing his humanity. With the inexplicable amount of pressure placed on designers today, many tend to succumb and as dramatic as it sounds, fall, a downside to their god-like status. Creatives are often led to believe that any sign of stopping (even for rest and recovery) will endanger their livelihood, but as Maxwell demonstrates, that couldn't be further from the truth. "I wasn't the most talented, I wasn't the most beautiful, I was not the most well off, I was not the most all of those things, I just worked really hard. And I had a shot because someone believed in me—that's what this stands for for me." Maxwell is paying it forward—what could be more fashionable than that?  MAC X Brandon Maxwell is available now.  After a scathing piece about Marc Jacob's business and financial woes published in the The New York Times last June, Jacobs' most loyal followers are probably thankful for last night's show. Sure, he made the crowd wait for an hour and a half (which made many guests miss Rihanna's Savage X Fenty show in Brooklyn) but at least he didn't make them wait a full two hours; we all remember that incident in 2007, when Suzy Menkes got so angry about the wait that she called it "A bad, sad show from Marc Jacobs, running two hours late, high on hype and low on delivery," that "symbolized everything that is wrong with current fashion." The collection was colorful and voluminous as always, including lots of over-the-top-yet-just-enough ruffled and feathered dresses. “This collection is a very light, sheer, pretty version of Fall," says Jacobs. While some of the designer's last collections seemed confused, this one shows a clear return to the style and aesthetic that made him famous. "There are references to designers that have always inspired me and our past collections that have inspired me. Things that I continually go back to.”    View the entire collectionm below. LaQuan Smith sent models out on the runway in silk dresses with vintage women's mugshots on them yesterday, the last day of New York Fashion Week. The designer's inspiration was the empowerment of women who do anything necessary to stay on top. The collection also included reflective mesh fabric that shined red and blue, billowy mini dresses and structured suits.  The beauty in the show was headed by Award-winning makeup artist Bimpe Onakoya for Maybelline New York, who went with a glamorous eyeliner eye and healthy, natural looking skin.  See some detail shots of the makeup below, photographed by Andrew Day.    See all the runway looks below. Well before the era of Instagram and Snapchat, Jeanne Damas was one of the first and youngest to pioneer the then-novel digital blogging platform, Skyblog. Post by post and with an uncanny aloofness, Damas (aka Crevette Liloo) used the blog to share her fashion vision to the world wide web—all while still an ordinary teen in high school. A little less than a decade later, the blogger has garnered over 900,000 Instagram followers and become one of France’s biggest influencers. On her résumé? A contract with Viva modeling agency, a capsule collection for La Redoute, a cinematic jaunt in Guillaume Canet’s Rock’n Roll, a new book co-authored with the journalist Lauren Bastide entitled À Paris (Grasset), and a plethora of brands—from Comptoir des Cotonnier to Gucci—that would do anything to get on her radar. The blogger is also set to launch a makeup line next November. As described by lingerie designer and best friend Yasmine Eslami, “Paris, where Jeanne was born and bred, has and will continue to be an inspiration for the content that she produces as well as the persona that she represents—a persona that embodies a certain freedom typical of French women, and a persona that is a source of envy for many.” Indeed, Jeanne Damas represents not only the chic Parisienne but an elegance that is very much made-in-France. “Jeanne has an allure about her, she is modern, she is extremely kind,” comments Mathilde Favier, director of VIP PR at the house of Christian Dior (a brand that, by the way, is not bound to the blogger by contract), “and, despite her youth, she is not pretentious.” Thus, it is no surprise that she has been compared to equally refreshing icons of the ’60s, like Jane Birkin. While Jeanne quickly denounces this comparison as being a cliché, we can’t help but notice the similarities: the same dark blond curls, the statement fringe, the same fine features…in short, they are the girls that other girls want to look like.Cliché or not, this appeal proved to be useful when Jeanne Damas founded Rouje two years ago, in the hopes of creating clothes that she herself would wear. Close friend and stylist for the brand, Nathalie Dumeix, elaborates: “We wanted to create pieces with Jeanne’s ideals and dress codes in mind whilst also featuring the talents of the women that she admires.” Moreover, this sense of loyalty and support is also what distinguishes her from other influencers. As emphasized by Favier, “what makes her special is that she has taste. Yes, her makeup is flawless but she always has a good vibe, she’s…inspiring. She has a beautiful soul and that’s what transpires through her work and through her style”—and always with her signature aloofness that makes it look so easy. As for the success of Rouje, Dumeix has this to say, “It’s all about the breath of fresh air that she injects into the clothes and the campaigns. We successfully translated it-girl into it-brand!” Who are Jeanne Damas’s icons? Her mother, her girlfriends, a couple of Italian actresses, and her sister, Louise, who is a jewelry designer and who can’t stop gushing about her sister: “What impresses me the most about Jeanne is her spontaneity. She’s impulsive but very instinctive, and I think this is a big reason why everything seems to be falling into place for her.” Her credo? Femininity, forever and always, a vision she shares and dissects with one of her closest friends, Simon Porte Jacquemus, in their first two-way interview with L’Officiel. Simon and Jeanne, how did you two meet? Simon Porte Jacquemus: As teens, we both had blogs. I felt kind of alone where I was living and the Internet really helped me find peers with whom I could bond and share my love of fashion—including Jeanne! After e-mailing back-and-forth countless times, we decided it was time to meet and I stayed with her during my first visit to Paris. Jeanne Damas: We’re part of a generation of kids who became friends thanks to Skyblog and Myspace. When I was 14, my childhood friends weren’t really interested in fashion so I was happy to find Simon. Like me, he took a lot of photos of looks, cool scenes, holiday pics…   What is your first memory together? JD: I posed for Simon when he first launched his brand. I was still in high school but I remember that we shot at this super modern quartier, Beaugrenelle, and it was a far cry from the Haussmann-esque Parisian clichés. I don’t think I’ve ever put on makeup as fast as I did that day in a parking lot! What good and bad traits would you say you share?  JD: We’re very impatient and very honest. This could’ve taken its toll in hindsight, but it seems that this refusal to concede has actually been beneficial. With time, though, I feel that I’ve gone from being crass and unfiltered to being a little more poised, soft…isn’t that true, Grandma Jeanne?! SPJ: Yeah, well, that’s definitely not the person I got out with! [Laughs]   Jeanne, do you have a mantra for someone who wants to feel good in their skin?  JD: Embrace your imperfections. Take the French woman, for example: she knows when to let go, she knows it’s okay to not brush her hair every day, and she knows it’s okay to have crooked teeth…you have to start embracing your quirks or else you’ll never fully accept yourself. I also tend to like what others consider to be tasteless: smudged lipstick, a bra strap peeking out…   And what do you consider to be THE staple for a feminine wardrobe? JD: The wrap dress. I’ve seen it on women of all ages, of all shapes, and in cities around the world. It’s universal. Simon, is there a particular aspect of the feminine silhouette that you love? SPJ: I love low décolletés, thin straps, super short skirts…   Simon, why do you think Jeanne is THE newest incarnation of French chic? SPJ: I’ve always thought her beauty was universal. It’s a look that could please my grandmother, my brother, or my uncle. And when you meet her, there also seems to be something really funny and natural in her way of being and in her way of interacting with people. Acting all naïve, she has no trouble putting her foot in her mouth! Jeanne, what do you think Simon’s designs are saying? JD: Simon and I share the same understanding of what makes a woman: sensuality, impertinence, naturally sexiness, fearlessness to walk barefoot… Without being trendy, he has created clothes that one can turn into one’s own, clothes in which one can feel free and strong.   Simon, what are your thoughts on Rouje? SPJ: I’ll admit that I was a little shocked when Jeanne told me that she was going to launch her own brand. I even remember saying, “Oh, so you’re a designer now?!” Later on, after seeing so many girls wearing her dresses, I understood where she was coming from. She is her brand! Kind of like Inès de La Fressange in the ’80s, she represents the ultimate French woman. Jeanne, what inspires your style? JD: While Parisian style is more boyish, like pairing a simple top and jeans, Rouje brings in something a little more feminine without trying too hard. A crop top or a flouncy skirt, styled with a messy bun and a plastic flower in the hair.   How would you explain Rouje’s success? JD: I wasn’t expecting it to be received so well. It’s a little hard to deal with at times! The thing about my clothes is that they represent who I am, so I have to be in love with each of the pieces and I have to want to wear them myself. Rouje’s design team is made up of some of my closest friends—friends that I go out with, friends that I go on vacation with—but my way of communicating probably also plays a part in [Rouje’s success]. I know how to “show” things. For the book À Paris, for example, the only thing I did was take photos of where I lived at the time and it was as simple as that! I refuse to do and be anything that isn’t true to myself and my tastes.   Jeanne and Simon, is your friendship for life? JD: Yes, Simon and I have one of those “unconventional” friendships where we meet to really talk and connect, not just to hang out over drinks. Like childhood friends, we’ve seen each other grow up over the span of a decade. SPJ: And I know that in 10 years’ time, I’ll still be seeing Jeanne and we’ll still be there for each other. We’ve helped build each other’s careers but we’ve never tried to use each other. What we have is a friendship without ulterior motives. Credits Jewelry: Tiffany & Co. Makeup: Amy Strozzy Hair: Michael Duenas Casting: Jen Jalouse Production: Joshua Glasgow Photo Assistant: David Lopez Stylist Assistants: Tyler Cunningham and Alizée Hénot The famed leather craftsmen over at Hermès are bringing their talents to silicon valley, again: the French purveyor of luxury goods has extended their partnership with Apple to the latest generation of Apple Watches, the Series 4. While the watch sizes have only changed slightly (they’re available in both 40mm and 44mm), the leather straps certainly seem upgraded. The double-tour strap for the 40mm model comes in four colorways: solid colors (tan, indigo, and of course, orange) or various color-blocked motifs (various pinks make one option; taupe, blue, and orange make another). On the other hand, the single strap comes in a variety of hues, and even a chic, perforated variation of the classic tan strap. One of the most touted benefits to the Apple Watch, and smartwatches writ large are their ability to track exercise progress. So, if dirtying up the calfskin band is cause for concern, keep in mind that each model comes with a complimentary Hermès-orange rubber workout bracelet anyways. The Apple Watch Series 4 will be available for Preorder on September 14th. Watch this space for updates. For Chris Leba’s recent collection at R13, the designer referenced his beachside childhood for all of New York City to see. But backstage, things were more grunge than Montauk. Posing alongside the cold backgrounds of concrete and steel, the collection’s beach-friendly colors seemed brighter than before. In all fairness, while the runway itself stuck to a more traditional approach, backstage the models really brought out the essence of Leba’s vision. Instead of pre-rehearsed entrances and poses, we got to see the models really wear the fabrics. That sense of casual enjoyment — is there anything more #beachvibes than that? Scroll through the following gallery to check out R13 backstage with L’Officiel. Riding the trend of nostalgia this season, designer Chris Leba tapped into his own childhood for R13’s latest collection. Referencing the 1980’s when his mother moved from New York City to Montauk, his childhood became entwined with the hotel business they ran. “Well, my hometown is Montauk—which is by the ocean —so, for years I'd go to all the surf shops around. So this season, I felt like I was really inspired by that whole 'surf culture,'” Leba tells Abraham Martinez of L’Officiel USA. This affinity for surf culture and the beach life is evident in the collection, as buyers and the press were treated to a plethora of tie-dyed fabrics, oversized denim, sequined shorts, and plenty of dusty tones. Scroll through the collection below to experience New York Fashion Week’s exclusive beach moment. When The Folklore launched earlier this week, the fashion set’s eyes shifted to Africa’s emerging design scene, expanding their gaze beyond Milan and Paris. The e-retailer features 22 high-fashion African designers, bringing previously inaccessible products to the international fashion market, from statement accessories to pieces developed exclusively for the e-store. In the age of fast fashion, the site’s AW ‘18 lookbook speaks to the lust worthy, lasting inspiration of the site’s minimalist approach to design. Below, see our favorite pieces from one of retail’s rising stars. While for many designers, a new collection means tapping into theoretical approaches to artistic vision, Tory Burch tapped into the personal. Inspired by her parents and their summer travels, Burch’s collection is fit for anyone with a need for travel and fantasy. Showing in the Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum, the collection stayed aligned with Burch’s vision of the modern city dweller. Viewers were treated to a neutral color palette, from beige to black, while vaguely bohemian prints added some festivity to the entire show. Considering that we were treated to a rather humid summer this year, Tory Burch’s collection brings some much-needed comfort to New York City. Continue below to view the collection.  Photography by Delphine Lewis  It was exceptionally miserable outside yesterday at Rodarte's Spring 2019 show, and models were forced to brave the cold and wet in strapless feather gowns and barely there mesh capes. Held at the New York City Marble Cemetery, guests sat on drenched benches, struggling to hold up their umbrellas while capturing it all of their cellphones. For a brand like Rodarte, the rule is rain or shine—Grace Coddington, Eva Chen, and Brie Larson sat in puddles and probably enjoyed every minute of it—Laura and Kate Mulleavy's return to New York after showing in Paris for years was one of the most memorable so far.  The models prepared for the show in the Russian Orthodox Church across the street, each of them emerging one after the other like over the top brides (and sometimes, widows). Their makeup by Nars makeup artist James Kaliardos was Picasso-inspired and was paired with real rose-adorned updo's styled by TreSemmé's Odile Gilbert.  We captured the models as they hopped over puddles in satin mules on their way to the runway.  By now, you would have seen the photos of Chiara Ferragni's wedding to Italian rapper Fedez all over your Instagram feed, discovered that the bride wore not one but two haute couture gowns on her big day, and concluded that Noto, Sicily just might be the perfect place to hold a wedding. For The Blonde Salad blogger herself, September 1st was a day when many of her dreams came true, and one of them was having Dior dress her for the special occasion. “Dior is the most iconic, timeless couture house in all the history of fashion,” said Ferragni. “It is a symbol of French culture, handcraft and luxury, everything that I as a woman can dream of.” So what exactly did it take Maria Grazia Chiuri and Dior's les petite mains to create a wedding gown that one can only dream of? The answer: over 1,600 hours and more than 400 meters of fabric. Inspired by the crafts of Italy, Ferragni's wedding gown was composed of an intricate lace bodysuit and a flaring tulle skirt that were assembled together at the Dior atelier on 30 Avenue Montaigne. Watch the video below for a glimpse at the creation of the breathtaking gown. Later in the evening, Chiara traded her white gown for a dusky tulle number that was also designed by Maria Grazia Chiuri. This time, Chiara's dress served as a canvas for several delicate embroideries of symbols recounting her relationship with Fedez, such as a small lion representing their son Leone, or song lyrics by Fedez. Check out the fairytale dress below:        Known for refreshing blue jeans and tees in the nineties, Helmut Lang is at it again: the brand is bringing back its beloved Helmut Lang Jeans, but this time without a gendered approach. “Under Construction,” the debut small-run capsule collection emphasizing American denim staples (the drainpipe, straight, and bootcut jeans; the trucker jacket), precedes the global launch of Helmut Lang Jeans later this Fall. The brand’s reboot of their denim run couldn’t feel more current: not only is the collection cut for men and women (sizes for each are listed on each piece’s tags), but pieces come in vachetta tan leather, custom Japanese selvedge, or Italian denim. The brand also leaves the edges rough and the natural features of the materials untouched, giving a darker, undone feel to the Americana workwear classic. Each piece takes body types associated with gender and proceeds to distort them: contrast stitching meets puddled hemlines, and high-cut waists emphasize the body’s natural curve. Meanwhile, the slightly-cropped trucker jacket tapers the torso into a masculine V-shape. The brand is no stranger to reinventing the wheel, although lately, they’ve been more concerned with harkening back: this denim renaissance comes on the heels of their collaboration with vintage site Byronesque, which reissued nine of the Austrian designer’s bondage pieces. More of a remodeling than a reproduction, the new Helmut Lang Jeans is sure to be just as relevant and subversive as its legacy. Shop the collection now at Helmut Lang. Crazy Rich Asians is in short, one of 2018’s most influential films regarding race, along with Black Panther. Not only is it the first movie since the Joy Luck Club to feature an all-Asian cast, but it’s also celebrated the careers of multiple talented actors like Henry Golding and Constance Wu while showcasing the complexity of Asian American and Asian relations. But best of all, the film has proven to be a commercial success, generating a total of $117 million — a record that was previously held by Halloween in 2007. Growing up in a Chinese immigrant household, I never imaged a day where somebody with my facial features would be on the silver screen. Not to say that East Asians have never been in Hollywood, but when they have, the role’s rarely been a positive one. (South East Asians haven’t had much luck either.) Just to name a few: The racist caricature of a Japanese man in Breakfast at Tiffanys portrayed by Mickey Rooney in yellow face. Then there’s the infamous prostitute scene in Full Metal Jacket. Or we can look into more contemporary films like The Hangover, where for some reason, a naked Asian man jumps out of a trunk. All of this combined with Miss Swan from MadTV, Apu from The Simpsons, Bobby Lee’s various characters - it’s clear that being Asian in Hollywood was never positive. Either we’re the butt of the joke, sex-obsessed exotic oriental mysteries, or a side character to be used and abused. Until now. With the success of Crazy Rich Asians, it marks the beginning of a new generation in film where inclusivity is finally profitable. And while many have celebrated in various ways, here at L’Officiel we’re approaching it how we know best — through fashion. Whether you’re looking to have an über-luxe Astrid moment or channel your inner Rachel, we've got you covered. And with the various fashion weeks coming up, everyone can use a little inspiration! Let's say you’re jumping from work to a party, but don’t have time to go home and change. In moments like these, versatility is everything. This red crepe de chine dress has a length that’s not too flashy, but still flirty enough for a night out. The red adds amazing texture, while the pussy bow lets you be politically cheeky as well. Pair it with these geometric earrings and some navy pumps to really nail that metropolitan glam aesthetic. Maybe you’re looking to add a statement piece for special occasions. If you’re feeling darling, this pleated white fantasy will do the trick. Pair with some matching flats and simple earrings to keep the attention on the dress. Classy, but still a statement nonetheless.  If you’re feeling more floral, these beige and red gowns will guarantee you endless Instagram likes. Finally for those of us who value comfort over everything else, here are some suggestions. While the weather’s still warm, these silk shorts will upgrade any outfit. Pair it with this multi-colored sweatshirt for some warmth, along with some red loafers, and you’ll look fabulous no matter where you’re off to.     Of course, the success of Crazy Rich Asians isn’t just due to its wardrobe curation or visual aesthetics. Rather, it’s the voice of authenticity are what made it the blockbuster it is. Since the film’s release, a sequel has already been confirmed, to the excitement of many. And while the road to equal representation will take time, we can at least channel our excitement through shopping while we wait. We know Astrid and Rachel would. When Snapchat first rolled out its first Spectacle campaign in 2016, the world simply wasn’t ready—the unisex pair of round lenses fully equipped with Snapchat functionality took the world by absolute storm. In a highly anticipated follow-up to the original launch, this winter the ever-growing social media platform is introducing Spectacles 2, which might just be the tech-focused, fashion accessory you never knew you needed.  Featuring two styles, one called the “Nico” and the other “Veronica”, Snapchat is aiming to reshape the Spectacle from simply being an additional utility for the Snapchat experience, into a full-blown foray into the world of fashion. With a unisex Wayfarer frame (the Nico), and an oversized feminine frame (the Veronica), Snapchatters with an eye for style can now take on their social media escapades through an all-the-more glamorous lens. If you’re thinking about investing in some new frames or simply want to up your Snapchat game, the Spectacles 2 might just be for you. The potential for functionality is endless—and if you don’t believe me, here are some moments when the Spectacles might just come in handy more than you thought.    1. Getting Catcalled on Your Way Home from Work  Surreptitiously film that creep without even having to pull out your phone! With the Spectacles’ ability to save up to 150 videos or 3,000 photos, you’ll be able to thoroughly document and download before handing over that evidence to the police.    2. Snapping a Crush  We all know the dilemma: haven’t you ever wanted to send a quick pic of that cute guy/girl on the subway to your best friend without making yourself too obvious? The Spectacles 2 makes it the easiest it’s ever been—with a simple touch of a button on the side of the frame, you’ve got your sneaky shot poised and ready to send. It’s not technically illegal… right? Disclaimer:  the Spectacles do show a light when they are recording/taking a photo so just watch out, okay?   3. Vlogging  Spectacles 2 might just be the tool that pushes the trend of vlogging to the next level. Whether you’re documenting the riveting happenings while picking up a salad at your local Sweetgreen or going on a juice cleanse with your friend, the new Spectacles will make vlogging just that much easier with it’s lightweight and compact internal specs. Bring your audience closer to you with videos shot directly from eye level, so they’ll feel just like they’re at the trendy salad spot with you.  Check out the gallery below and decide whether you're a Nico or more of a Veronica. When it comes to producing industry-shaking collaborations, Supreme knows how to get the job done. Following their infamous Louis Vuitton collection released on September 6, and surprising Nan-Goldin collab, the streetwear brand has announced the theme for its upcoming one, this time borrowing the work of the late artist Mike Kelley. Kelley, who passed away at 57, made large contributions to the American art scene. Probably most infamous are his sculptural works involving stuffed animals as his subjects, no doubt influenced by his Destroy All Monsters days. The artist became known for creating works that ranged anywhere from cynically nostalgic to borderline religious blasphemy, a style he developed while at the California Institute of the Arts.  For the collection, Supreme will be featuring of few of Kelley's works, notably a knitted plush doll which was once featured on Sonic Youth’s album, Dirty. Other pieces will include photographs of various plush toys, black and white art, and of course the stitched Supreme logo (no box-logos, here). With hoodies, t-shirts, crewnecks, jackets and even skateboards, this collection will no doubly sell-out within minutes of the release. But then again, when has Supreme ever been known to serve lukewarm drops? Customers who live in New York, Los Angeles, London, Paris, and Tokyo can shop the collection this week. And as for those who don’t live in any of this cities, there’s always the resell market to count on.  After replicating Paris in the Grand Palais for Haute Couture Fall 2018, Karl Lagerfeld is right back to look across the world for Chanel inspiration. The brand’s next Métiers d’Art show, set for December 4, is coming to New York for what’s sure to be an over-the-top affair at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Lagerfeld started showing Chanel’s Métiers d’Art collections in 2002, in an effort to showcase the brand’s specialty couture ateliers. The annual event occurs during the Pre-Fall season and travels to a new city each year. Last year, the German creative director headed home to Hamburg, and the Met event marks another familiar territory, as Chanel was the subject of the museum’s costume exhibition 13 years ago. Chanel has a long love story with America, starting with its namesake founder, Coco. She first visited New York in 1931, and U.S. department stores were some of her earliest supporters. Lagerfeld loves the city’s energy too, and this will be his third time using it as inspiration, following a 2005 Métiers d’Art show at Chanel’s 57th street boutique and a 2006 cruise romp through Grand Central Terminal. Following a time of uncertainty as New York brands like Altuzarra, Rodarte and Proenza Schouler left the city’s fashion week for Paris, 2018 has seen several European brands take interest in the American city. Bottega Veneta held a one-off Fall 2018 event at the American Stock Exchange to celebrate their new Madison Avenue flagship, Prada’s Cruise 2019 collection debuted on West 52nd Street, and Anthony Vaccarello staged his first menswear show for Saint Laurent at Liberty State Park, just across the Hudson from the Manhattan skyline. With Chanel headed to the Met in December, the future continues to look brighter for the city that never sleeps. After introducing us to its girl gang in its Fall 2018 campaign, Miu Miu has now given us a glimpse of the models and Hollywood It-girls in action. Sort of. Titled "Other Conversations", the Italian label's new film features lo-fi footage of Elle Fanning, Rowan Blanchard, Georgia May Jagger, the Aboah sisters and more bringing out their inner Warholian in a nondescript Central London basement. At the direction of Pulp's Steve Mackey and Jesus and the Mary Chain bassist Douglas Hart, that meant staring unblinkingly at the camera with deadpan faces, mirroring the protagonists of Andy Warhol's famous Screen Tests. What the girls lack in facial expressions, though, they make up for with their dramatic appearance: heavy winged eyeliner, an assortment of '60s hairstyles and standout pieces from Miu Miu's Fall 2018 collection. Set to the droning soundtrack of two unseen women nonchalantly commenting on the girls' bobs, bee-hives and pixie cuts, the erratic Other Conversations leaves us with a clear message: the Miu Miu girl gang is not to be messed with. Watch the film below:  Another day, another peek at what Hedi Slimane has in store at Céline—or, according to the brand's newly redesigned logo, just "CELINE". Unveiled on Instagram yesterday, the new Céline logo takes stylistic cues from an archival logo that was used by the fashion house in the 1960s, as well as the modernist typography of the 1930s. More distinctively, the spacing between the letters have been evened out and made smaller, making for a more compact logo. The accent on the "e" which nodded to Céline's French heritage has also been removed. As a substitute, you will now find the word "Paris" across Céline's new packaging, including boxes, bags, and labels. And if the logo change isn't enough to drive home the fact that Phoebe Philo's Céline is now truly a thing of the past, check out Céline's Instagram. Wiping the slate clean (literally), the brand's Instagram page now contains only three posts, all featuring the new logo. The previously low-key Céline will also be upping its social media game with a new Facebook and Youtube page. Plus, you can expect a revamped Céline website come 28 September, after Hedi Slimane's first show for the brand at Paris Fashion Week. Watch this space to see how Slimane's vision for the beloved French label takes shape on the runway later this month. Peanut butter and jelly. Macaroni and cheese. Selena Gomez and Coach. These pairings seem to just work, especially the latter. Since signing a $10 million dollar brand ambassador deal with the American brand, Gomez has catapulted the once laughing stock of the fashion world into a chic, envy-inducing, Instafamous brand—not to mention that the price of Coach's stock has gone up, up up, since adding Gomez to the family. But she's not just another celebrity campaign star; Gomez has added designer to her ever-expanding list of talents, teaming up with Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers first for a line of accessories, and now, a full Ready-to-Wear capsule.  Of course, launching a Ready-to-Wear capsule is a big, frickin' deal, so to celebrate, Coach decided to have Gomez star in a short film, set against its New York headquarters. It was a collaboration between director Bunny Kinney and Great Bowery Film, who came up with the concepts. Both worked closely with Vevers and Baron & Baron to produce the film. In it, Gomez plays a dutiful entry-level employee who gets stuck working late, while her fellow colleagues get to leave at a more reasonable hour (gasp). What ensues after can be summed up in one simple idiom: "When the cat's away, the mice come out to play." And that Gomez does.  Without the prying eyes of her colleagues and superiors, she decides to wreak glorious havoc, trying on samples in the fashion closet, lingering around colorful rolls of thread in the sewing room, and rolling around on her office chair. She even raids the communal fridge, helping herself to a salad clearly labeled with someone else's name (Stuart Vevers's, no less). Heart's "Crazy On You" serves as the perfect soundtrack to all the rebellious fun. Though a word to the wise, don't try this at your own place of employment.  Watch the full video, below. You can shop the entire COACH X Selena Gomez collection now. Get crazy!  Born to Renaissance professor and publicist parents, Welch has always been linked to the arts – including her very first book, published in 2018. This has been a busy year for the singer, with Florence + The Machine’s fourth and latest album High Hopes hitting stands. Their first album, ‘Lungs,’ also celebrates ten years of existence next year. Remember "Dog Days Are Over" and "You’ve Got The Love?" There is no denying that the English singer’s trademark vintage style is almost as famous as her sound. Here are 32 of our personal favorites.                                      Tattoo artist Dr. Woo is a lot of things, but an actual medical professional is not one of them. He adopted the title thanks to his parent’s long-lost desire for him to be a doctor, but despite his career path, he’s reached a level of success that far surpassed their expectations. Today, Woo is one of the most sought-after and celebrated tattoo artists in the world. How sought-after may you ask? Well, if you want to book an appointment, get ready to chill on a years-long waitlist. Name a celebrity, anyone and chances are they’re permanently marked by his work; Katy Perry, Zoe Kravitz, Dakota Johnson, Drake, Frances Bean Cobain, Miley Cyrus, Cara Delevigne, and the list goes on. His work is so coveted, that when he tattooed his own Céline bag with a small spider, the value of the bag actually went up. So it was no surprise when iconic shoe label Converse reached out to Woo for a collaboration back in 2017. The range featured hoodies, denim jackets, and pants among other offerings and was so successful that the legendary footwear brand would then reach out once more. This time, however, the artist was driven by the desire to create a “wear to reveal” experience for the classic Chuck 70. The shoe comes in all-white with a subtle tear. All you have to do is tear at the fabric to reveal a second, green-patterned that lies underneath. Staying true to the spirit of his customized and unique aesthetic, the wearer is given the option to modify the shoe as they please, allowing them to discover something new every time they wear them. The same can be said for tattoos, in a way. We might have one idea when we get them, but their meaning can evolve with time, much like the faded quality of the ink.  So in honor of this momentous occasion, we decided to ask Dr. Woo to participate in a Q&A with a twist. Rather than answer our questions with words, we tasked Woo to draw them out, and the result is, well, spectacular.  L'OFFICIEL USA: DR. WOO: L'OFFICIEL USA: DR. WOO: L'OFFICIEL USA: DR. WOO: L'OFFICIEL USA: DR. WOO:  L'OFFICIEL USA:  DR. WOO: L'OFFICIEL USA: DR. WOO: Converse X Dr. Woo drops September 9. It's been three years since partners Christian Boalt and Lisa Schick launched TOKEN, a New York City-based surfboard and clothing brand. A lifelong surfer and native Floridian, Boalt started shaping and glassing boards under the TOKEN name. When he moved to New York after a stint in Miami, he wanted to go bigger. And who better to collaborate with than your wife? So Schick, who has a background in fashion, spearheaded the brand's apparel design. Their clean cut and curated shop, located at 52 Canal Street in Chinatown, opened this May. Inside you can find anything that captures the spirit of the TOKEN brand, whether it be surfboards, clothes (their own designs and other brands), accessories, zines, records and even cassette tapes. The result is an unpretentious shop filled with covetable graphic tees and trinkets. "We want the store to feel raw and energetic like you’re getting ready for a party," says Boalt. "We’re not so interested in making you feel domesticated and selling grooming products or homeware." Take a look inside the shop below.  Tell us about when you two decided to launch the brand.  I moved back to Miami for a few years, and in that time I started making surfboards under the label TOKEN. When we moved back to NYC, I wanted to start a surf label that tapped into the early spirit of brands like Stussy, where good design spilled across the whole scene from boards to clothes. So naturally, I turned to the best designer I knew for help, Lisa. It’s been 3 years now since we teamed up and TOKEN has constantly evolved and changed since the beginning and the NYC store is the latest tentacle. Can you talk about the division of labor between you and Lisa - you have a new addition to the family so things must be busy.  We don’t really consider it labor, because we’re doing what we love. We work closely together, always bouncing ideas off each other and coming up with concepts. Lisa has a technical fashion background, so she leads most apparel design and production aspects. Lisa has an amazing ability for designing collections, working from colors to silhouettes, all the way to garment development and production. Before the opening of the store, I was shaping and glassing surfboards and now that we’ve grown the surfboard manufacturing and expanded, my role has shifted more towards creative direction. Lisa’s and my influence on each other’s work has always been blurred with me getting involved with fashion design and her putting her aesthetic touch on the surfboards as well. We have a new baby boy, Mikke, in the mix, which makes us economize every minute we have for work and at the same time reminds us what our priorities are in life, making us slow down and enjoy the ride. The shop in Chinatown is permanent - most people who have brands today tend to stick to e-commerce or pop-ups. Why do you think brick and mortar works for you? Opening a physical store and putting roots down in NYC was important to me because certain places have always played a major influence in my life. When I was young, skate shops and record stores are where I learned about most cultural references. Before social media, you had to have personal interactions with people, see how they dressed, get music recommendations, be turned onto new ideas, learn context and connect dots, and certain stores had this kind of energy. Brick and mortar stores still have a special place in the landscape if they offer that experience of bringing people together and creating an inspiring atmosphere. We want to tap back into that source, where the TOKEN store serves as a place to showcase interesting labels, throw parties, and have fun. Everything in the shop feels intentional - how do you and Lisa go about choosing the brands you carry? I'm thinking of the "functional ceramics" by Gatorbeug or handmade candles by Olga Goose— how do they fit into the shop's aesthetic? The store’s curation is an extension of all our interests; surfing, skating, fashion, records, books, and magazines. The feeling behind the curation is to have brands with their own flavor and energy, we gravitate towards labels that are really well done, but a bit left of field and slightly obscure. We want the store to feel raw and energetic like you’re getting ready for a party. We’re not so interested in making you feel domesticated and selling grooming products or homeware. Which beaches should New Yorkers hit before the end of the summer?  Rockaway is where my heart is, it’s the beach where I surf the most. I’ve been surfing there for about 12 years. It’s the closest to the city and accessible by train, I usually drive with friends bc I like to surf early in the morning. It can get crowded in the summer and the waves can be fickle, but it starts to really get good into fall and we surf through the winter. In the summer it’s a really fun and social scene at Rockaway. I also like Fort Tilden, not for surfing but just for swimming. It’s nice to have dunes and no buildings in the backdrop. Lido Beach is a little further out on Long Island and I’ve had some of my favorite days surfing there. It’s a bigger beach and everyone can spread out.   This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity. Photography by Beau Parent  In 1997, the Adidas Originals Falcon Dorf runner was born—and so was one of the most famous (and rich) millennials on earth, Kylie Jenner.  Adidas has reissued the Falcon shoe in a campaign featuring the young Kardashian, which pays "homage to the attitude of the time; strong creatives who shifted boundaries and paved the path for future rebels to walk forthwith." While Kylie might not meet the traditional label of a rebel, she has without a doubt completely transformed the beauty market and has torn down the boundaries of what it means to be an influencer. Of course, this isn't her first footwear collaboration. Much to Kanye's displeasure, Kylie was the face of a Puma sneaker campaign.  The shoe's maximalist design runs in a grey, pink, black, and blue colorway. Kylie also commented on the collaboration; “I’ve always loved Adidas and it’s exciting now being part of the Originals family, especially for Falcon.”  See more behind the scenes images below.  Styling Kimberly Nguyen  Hair Rebekah Calo using R+Co Makeup Michael Chua using Dior Makeup  Model Marta Piekarz with Elite  Models and movie screens? Sounds like the perfect match. Who could forget Gisele Bündchen in The Devil Wears Prada? Or, more recently, Emily Ratajkowski in I Feel Pretty? Different from the usual editorial and runway practices that they’re used to, supermodels like these have accepted the challenge of working on screen head-on.   Check out our top 10 picks for the best cameos.     The first thing you'd probably notice about the Loop sneakers is its clean and modern look. The women's version of the shoes features a distinctive alter nappa, lace and knit upper that comes in white, black, navy or red, all classic hues that make the shoes perfect for everyday use. It's construction, though, is far from ordinary: it features technically-designed hooks, special stitching and its upper is attached to its sole with absolutely no glue. The latter is a pretty groundbreaking achievement, even for Stella McCartney, which had long traded conventional glues made of toxic solvents that cause air, water and soil pollution for animal-friendly, water-based alternatives. Being glue-free also means that the Loop can be fully dismantled for each of its parts to be recycled. Essentially, the Loop, as the shoe's name suggests, can live on forever.  Sticking to its M.O., Stella McCartney has once again proven that sustainability and style can go hand in hand. As to whether the British label's latest innovation has just spelled out the future of the pervasive sneaker, that's a no-brainer. Just take one look at the "Fur Free Fur" coats from Stella McCartney's Fall 2015 show, and another at the Fall shows of this year. The Stella McCartney Loop sneakers will be available in stores in September 2018. Every person needs a versatile wardrobe that meets the demands of the day-to-day. L’Officiel spoke to Professional and Social Etiquette Consultant, Maria Inês Borges da Silveira, who has selected five pieces that are a key to any contemporary person’s wardrobe. No matter the color, the cut or the style, these pieces are made to be combined with your own personality, physique and style preferences. “The most important thing in a wardrobe is that it is unique to you and makes you feel comfortable,” according to the expert. Check it out! Pashminas Be it silk, wool, fringed or classic, a pashmina will always add an elegant touch to an outfit. Not to mention that it’s a great and easy piece to carry around in a bag or car for those moments where you need an extra layer of warmth. Dress Shirts This piece matches with almost everything from classic trousers and jeans, to skirts and shorts. Our only advice would be to ensure that the colors being combined work well together. Blazers Classic, elegant and practical, this piece goes with jeans, straight or pencil skirts, long trousers, and dresses—even more so when they’re in a neutral color. Black Pant/Skirt Suit This is another timeless classic, ideal for rendezvous' and business meetings alike. Dresses Knee-length and in a solid or neutral color, this piece will be there for you through a plethora of dinners, graduations, and more sober events. A good tip would be to combine it with accessories to complete the look. Photos Courtesy of Pinterest The Location A discreet respite from the opulence of Monte Carlo, the timeless Metropole Hotel and Casino is not to be missed. Enter into a slightly sloping driveway lined with lush vegetation and, immediately, you will feel irresistibly welcome. Admire the palatial architecture as you make your way to the end of the path to the front doors. It is here that you will discover that luxury is not always synonymous with ‘bling.’ From the setting to the staff, down to the smallest detail, everything about this hotel is exceptional. The Spa It is no wonder that the Metropole’s own Givenchy Spa epitomizes all the best of French aesthetics. It is in this elegantly minimalist space with notes of white, gold and black that you will be invited to slip on a Givenchy-emblazoned bathrobe minimalist space. Don’t worry, everyone is tempted to take one home as a souvenir. To ensure that everything is tailored to your needs, you will fill out a form determining your skin type, lifestyle, stress levels, needs and even your mood for the day (the latter of which will impact the sound and smell of services chosen for you). Le Soin Noir, L’Intemporel, and Hydra Sparkling are among the signature services that Givenchy Spa has to offer—all exceptional rituals based on the latest cosmetic innovations. This is a tailor-made Haute Couture experience that benefits both the body and the mind. We can assure you, you will emerge transformed: features relaxed, skin supple and your mood brighter. The Care It would be a crime to leave the Metropole without getting a manicure-pedicure from guru Bastien Gonzalez. After working at a medical pedicure practice in Place des Vosges in Paris, the former skier—whose passion for podiatry came after a bad fall—travels among the world’s largest hotels and palaces to provide this unique experience to a demanding luxury clientele. Gonzalez approaches each consultation with an extraordinarily educated and tailored eye, ensuring that his clients receive the exact services and products that they need. Our favorite picks from his exclusive line of products? The ‘First Steps’ scrub made from black diamond, mother of pearl and black quartz volcanic sands combined with extracts from sage, thyme, and zinc to promote blood circulation and minimize scarring. This should be everyone’s go-to to treat feet that have been roughened by an excellent summer outdoors. The Table “To propose the exceptional in all its simplicity is undoubtedly the most difficult exercise,” affirmed the late great chef Joël Robuchon. Yet, this is the challenge that the hotelier has accepted alongside Japanese chef Takéo Yamazaki who, together, have opened a Japanese restaurant at the Metropole Hotel. One of the best restaurants in the world, Yoshi’s cuisine is resolutely modern and combines the Japanese tradition with the latest in Eastern culinary techniques. The result? A Michelin star in 2010. Translating into “goodness” in Japanese, Yoshi is characterized by the efficiency of its menu, the freshness of its products and the quality of its setting. Dining here is an invaluable experience for foodies. SZA, one of the hottest singers of the moment, debuted a Champion sweatshirt with the inscription “The Gang of Sustainable Development” on her Instagram. While the caption read “Who tryn save da ocean,” the singer also made it a point to tag the account of one Ctrl Fishing Company. Though this mysterious profile has no posts as of yet, it’s safe to assume that the account has something to do with the artist herself considering that the SZA’s latest album is called ‘Ctrl.’      SZA also announced that all profits from this collaboration will go to organizations dedicated to ridding the world’s oceans from plastic. Exactly what else (if anything) will be included in the collection as well as the date of release is still unknown. All we know is that the very cool sweatshirts come in three colors: blue, white and purple. Congratulations, Madonna! The iconic singer and ferocious Leo turns 60 today, 16.08. Since becoming famous in the 1980s, the Queen of Pop has launched trends that have survived decades—not only in music but in fashion and beauty, too. Who could forget the striking looks from the Confessions on a Dancefloor era? Or the militaristic American Life? Haters gon' hate, but Madge's irresistible voice towers over any naysayer in the form of music's greatest hits, like "Material Girl," "Ray of Light," "Hung Up," "4 Minutes," and more. So to celebrate her birthday, her the date, we separated 10 little-known facts about Madonna as follows: 1. She was born Madonna Louis Veronica Ciccone in the state of Michigan—her father is Italian and her mother was Canadian. She is the eldest daughter among six children.  2. She made good grades in the classroom and she was also a cheerleader. 3. She studied at the University of Michigan until she gave up everything and moved to New York at age 19 with only $35 in her pocket. 4. Upon arriving in NYC she began working at a Dunkin' Donuts. 5. The first time she appeared in a feature film was in a movie called Desperately Seeking Susan in 1985. 6. It made over $27,398,584 at the box office. 7. Her album True Blue was dedicated to ex-husband Sean Penn. 8. Her list of ex-boyfriends includes Vanilla Ice, Tupac, Jean-Michel Basquiat, John F. Kennedy Jr., Antonio Banderas, Lenny Kravitz, Dennis Rodman and Guy Ritchie. 9. She's been a vegetarian for 15 years. 10. Madonna shares the same Canadian-born ancestor Zacharie Cloutier with other famous personalities: Céline Dion, Camilla Parker-Bowles, and Ellen Degeneres. Photography by Yuti Chang Styling by Julia Morris / The Industry MGMT Leather dress, leather boots and brass earrings, CÉLINE Wool coat and leather boots, GUCCI. Leather hat, ERIC DAVITS Jacquard blazer, vest, pants, and tulle and leather boots, DOLCE & GABBANA. Leather D-ring bag, BURBERRY From Margot Robbie to Kristen Stewart, Nicole Kidman to Rachel McAdams, Kylee Heath is one of the reasons why Los Angeles is a city of great hair. Thus, it only makes sense that her latest hair care line,  inspired by L.A. for & Other Stories, is an ode to the town and its residents. Now, the lovely Kylee is sharing some of her wisdom with us. How did you end up in the hair industry? I’ve always wanted to be a hair stylist. When I was 19, I moved to Los Angeles to work at a hair salon in Beverly Hills. By the time I was 21, I had worked under several well-known celebrity hairstylists and eventually, I ended up at a company where I got my dream job. I love being able to work in different places every day. Traveling so much is really a dream come true.   How did you get connected with & Other Stories? They approached my agent because they were looking for a hair care line co-developer. I was already a fan of & Other Stories so this was a great opportunity! Fortunately, the collaboration felt good and went really well. The line is inspired by Los Angeles. What exactly is ‘L.A. hair’? L.A. is so beautiful and diverse, that’s why we wanted this line to work for everyone and for every type of hair. Typical L.A. styles can range from long, beachy looks to super glamorous volumes. That’s why we’ve created many different types of products like the Melrose for volume, the Malibu Canyon for care and Venice Blvd for styling.   What is the most important rule in hair care? Find products that really work for you and your hair! Try a product three times and, if it still doesn’t work for you, try it in a different way. If it still doesn’t do what you want, then it’s not suitable for you.   Are there any hair myths that you wish you could bust? Sure, there are. Some people think it’s okay to use hot styling products every day without using a protective product first. This isn’t good, especially if you have colored hair! Try using less heat on your hair, even if it means only cutting it down by one day—worst comes to worst, just wear your hair in a bun or braid that day, or use dry shampoo and texture spray to create volume. If you must use heat, then use a good protective product…like our Beach Spray! What’s your morning hair routine when you’re in a hurry? I am almost always in a hurry, so my hair care routine is very easy in the morning. After showering, I apply a bit of Restore Leave-In Mask on the tips and I spray Beach Spray through my hair. That way, it dries in messy, beachy waves.   You’ve styled so many celebs. Do you have a favorite among the looks that you’ve done recently? I styled Margot Robbie’s hair for the premiere of her film Terminal. It was a very simple knot: so chic and yet very modern. The white elastic I used was visible and that added a fresh, cool edge to the otherwise elegant hairstyle.    You can shop the collection in full once available online on August 16. Sonia Rykiel's over-the-shoulder collection of carryalls fit all of your on-the-run accessories. J'Adore! Clothing, shoes, accessories (throughout) Sonia Rykiel Photographs by Rory DCS Fashion by Jennifer Eymére Hair Mickael Jauneau Makeup Ismael Blanco Photo Assistant Frances Evelyn Usher Stylist Assistant Julie Krasevec Model Adéle Farine Supreme’s must-have Fall 2018 looks are as varied as they are iconic, ranging from aviator jackets, hoodies, and sweaters, to functional Gore-Tex jackets and embroidered coats. Also featured are Picasso’s Crying Woman masterpiece and a Madonna print—a masterpiece in and of herself—all of which reflect the far-reaching creativity of the too often pigeon-holed ‘streetwear’ label. The full Supreme Fall 2018 collection will be released on August 16 in New York, Los Angeles, and Europe, and will be available online on August 23. Check out the gallery below to see some of the best pieces from the collection. Off-White is releasing a collection in honor of Serena Williams. Officially announced via the Twitter account of the brand, Off-White x Serena Williams will be coming out later on this year. In the meantime, we’ve been blessed with a preview of the collection–one that will include variations of the Nike Flare 2 sneakers, Serena's signature off-the-shoulder tennis wear, as well as pieces that reflect Virgil Abloh's unique take on sportswear. Check out “Queen” in the gallery, below. Photos Courtesy of Nike. L’Officiel Netherlands put rising star, Lili Reinhart, and powerhouse photographer, Damon Baker, into the same studio for their September issue, and the result is magic! As if we didn’t already know that she was far, far more than just an angelic face, Lili Reinhart is presented in a way that you’ve never seen her before thanks to this edgy fashion story and candid interview. In addition, the September issue contains an exclusive piece about fashion king, Karl Lagerfeld, as well as up-close-and-personal conversations with industry superstars Jennifer Lawrence and Kaia Gerber—not to mention copious amounts of fashion insider deets from the upcoming season. So, prepare yourselves.   The L’Officiel NL September issue will be on newsstands on August 15. L'Officiel NL #83 Model: Lili Reinhart
Clothes: Chanel
Photography: Damon Baker
Styling: Amarsana Gendunova
Hair: Kristin Heitkotter
Make-up: Adam Breuchaud
Nails: Stephanie Stone
Production: Joseph Wilson
Digital Operator: Merlin Viethen
Assistant Photographer: Gregory Graham Daltan Scrolling through our Instagram feeds each summer, we’re quickly introduced to the season’s new swim brands and trends. Whether it’s your fashion-industry friend who always seems to have her finger on the pulse, your favorite style blogger or it-girl, Instagram is the easiest way to learn what swim you need to buy for your much-anticipated summer trip. This season, one brand, in particular, has become a celebrity favorite. Pictures of Kourtney Kardashian and Rita Ora wearing this season’s metallic, iridescent, and shimmery lurex suits in chic jewel tones have flooded our feeds and made us stop dead in our Instagram-trolling tracks. These are swimsuits unlike any we’ve seen before - and for that, we’ve dubbed them the swimwear of the season. The brand in question, Oséree, whose suits are made in Italy and sourced with the highest quality fabrics, draws its name from the French verb “osé,” meaning, “to dare.” These suits are electric and daring, to be sure, but the silhouettes and fit are timeless, molding effortlessly to a woman’s natural figure. Designers Isabella and Jannine aimed to create swimwear for the modern globe-trotter whose style is unique and elegantly bold, like her. The result is a line of swimwear that is a true celebration of women. In all her glory, the Oséree girl is sparkly, bold, strong, and befittingly, a little bit extra. Oséree swimwear is now available on Net-a-Porter and range from $255–$320. The Belgian designer, who was anointed creative director for Calvin Klein in 2016, is being honored for his role in preserving American heritage through the brand’s designs—particularly with regards to his incorporation of quilts. The textiles have long been a part of American anthropology, acting as both clothing and a crucial story-telling medium for the American Indians. Despite being recognized by cultural specialists for their superb artistry and craftsmanship, it was in the 1970s that the glamorous art world started recognizing the textiles as collector’s pieces and, thus, quilts entered the sphere of general public interest. However, as the decades passed, this 15 minutes of fame slowly wore out and quilts were ghettoized as being women’s work or something ‘passé’ to be found in a dusty flea market. That is, until now. Who knew that featuring the Kardashian-Jenner clan on a stunning red and white quilt would cause a veritable cultural resurgence? Raf Simons made a bold decision to put quilts at the center of Calvin Klein’s Fall 2018 collection but, now, the textiles and their motifs can be seen on the biggest runways, on the most fashionable people and in luxury stores from Paris to New York. In a time when consumerism seemed to be all about finding something ‘new,’ something ‘state of the art’ or something ‘never-before-seen,’ Raf Simons reminds us that there’s something intrinsic in a home-spun quilt—something personal and deep—that brings every owner a unique comfort that can’t be felt anywhere else. Raf Simons will be receiving the honor at the American Folk Art Museum’s annual benefit gala on October 2. In the meantime, Calvin Klein’s Madison Avenue location sells one of a kind, hand-selected historical quilts from across the United States. Say goodbye to all the "rules" of style. Anyone looking for fashionable and up-to-date styles knows that there are no more restrictions when it comes to putting on your look of the day. Whether at the gym or at home, leggings/spandex have long been confined to casual cozy, but fashion brands and celebs are alike are proving otherwise—take cycling shorts, for example. Stars like Kim Kardashian, Selena Gomez, and the Hadid sisters have all embraced leggings and are showing no signs of stopping. On the catwalk, the love affair is real—even Giambattista Valli, a brand known for its dreamy dresses—have established an exclusive partnership with Nike, while Balenciaga continues to use (some say abuse) multi-colored versions like those seen in Rihanna's Fenty x Puma collection, went head-to-head in the sporting style. Long live leggings!   View some inspiration below.    
       Who would’ve thought that Dior would give us a great reason to open (or download, for the Insta-addicts among us) Facebook’s Camera app. “Tap to Quake” is a fruit of labor from the brand and the platform allowing users to virtually try on the new Dior Color Quake sunglasses. You can now take your pick from a selection of those vividly colored rimless sunglasses that were last seen being sported by the models at Dior’s Fall 2018 show. Not only that, the new app’s unique augmented reality filter system allows you to – quite literally – see the world through rose-colored glasses by flipping to the rear-facing camera. The only downside of the filter, if we're being honest, is that you can only choose from five variations of the otherwise super colorful Dior Color Quake range. Scroll through the gallery below to see the complete collection now available in Dior Stores. Photography by Darby Routtenberg and Savannah Scott  It's a trend so prevalent that it needed to be addressed—why do people keep photographing oranges in these mesh bags? Search #meshbag or #netbag on Instagram, and you'll discover that one in every ten photos has oranges in it. What started out as a campaign to reduce the use of plastic bags for groceries has become an Insta trend that is rivaling avocado toast and latte art.  Although they're technically considered "grocery bags," they aren't marketed that way—just like Balenciaga's supermarket bag and shopping tote (each costing over $1,000), they're being sold as real accessories with uses that go beyond the grocery store. This "woven tote" for example, is going for $36, but if you bother to browse a bit, you'll find they're widely available for $3 each. If you want this bag to carry produce, may I suggest you go for the later? And why limit yourself to oranges when they mostly come in these red mesh bags anyway? We rounded up five other items that you can carry in this summer's It accessory—round fruit not included.  2. TOTING A CHANGE OF SNEAKERS  3. TRANSPORTING BOOZE TO THE PRE GAME 4. CARRYING YOUR FAVORITE BOOKS 5. STORING YOUR SEX TOYS  Buy your own mesh bag here for $3 and carry whatever you want.  Planning a weekend getaway? You could take a note or two from Saint Laurent's new campaign, "Palermo Summer Nights". In it, the brand shows us exactly what living it up at an Italian villa should look like — that is, if your circle of friends included YSL VIPs Kaia Gerber, Mica Argañaraz, Paul Hameline et all. For the campaign, creative director Anthony Vaccarello gave the models free reign to photograph each other as they partied over the weekend together in the Sicilian city. The result is a series of informal shots that are equal parts decadent and stylish, the latter owing to Saint Laurent's latest collection. See the full campaign below: It has been no secret that Prada’s sales have been falling steadily since 2014 and this year was destined to be no different. However, according to a recent report published by the brand, Prada’s total revenue for the first half of 2018 has increased to $1.8 billion thanks to a 9.7% jump from last year. This is more than what was predicted by analysts who forecasted the income to be $1.5 billion, and the Italian label seems to have inadvertently tapped into a winning recipe for success. What changed? In a risky move, Prada invested a significant amount into opening a series of new stores in fashionable locations and, in other places, adopting the pop-up shop model. Moreover, it seems that the surge in sales coincides with Prada’s jump into the athleisure trend with sneakers, sportswear and nylon bags being among the most popular items. Congratulations, Miuccia! Photography by Robbie Fimmano Fashion by Vanessa Chow CREDITS Makeup Stoj Hair Sabrina Szniay Model Tasha Tilberg (Marilyn) Manicure Dawn Sterling Digital Technician Janine Robinson Photo assistant Mike Marquez Fashion assistants Raymond Gee and Megan Soria Props Lauren Bahr Producer Jillian Johnson (Walter Schupfer) Burberry's newly-christened Creative Director Riccardo Tisci is set to unveil his first fashion show for the brand at the upcoming London Fashion Week in September, but he has already made some major changes to the historic British label. Through posts on his Instagram, Tisci heralded the start of a "#newera" at Burberry by sharing a brand new logo for the brand. Gone are the horse and the knight; Tisci has chosen to keep things simple with a clean, sans-serif font specially designed by the famous graphic designer, Peter Saville. (You may remember him for his redesign of Calvin Klein's logo last year.) Saville has also designed a new monogram for Burberry, which comes in honey and orange hues. Its design was inspired by an archival Thomas Burberry monogram that had caught Tisci's eye for feeling "very contemporary" — which is pretty much what we should expect from the designer's debut collection for Burberry next month. Check out the new monogram below: When he was only 13 years old, Patrick McDowell made himself a new schoolbag almost every week. When he started selling those bags — and simultaneously making dresses — he was chosen to be on the UK spinoff reality show Young Apprentice. After high school, he went straight into the Women's Fashion design program at the legendary Central Saint Martins, followed up by a work placement at Burberry. Disclaimer: this was just the beginning. Then came his graduation collection, which saw sponsorship by the British Fashion Council, Burberry, Swarovski, and Oakley. Cha-ching! Since then, the 22-year-old's designs have been worn by entertainer Rita Ora (on the daily) and most recently were featured on the cover of Elle UK's sustainability issue (on Slick Woods, no less). Long story short, McDowell was made for this life — and it's probably time you not only learned his name but learned about the man whose clothes balance sustainability with star power. Where are you from? I'm from Liverpool, a northern city in the UK. There's a wonderful sense of style there that I haven't experienced anywhere else in the world. Where I'm from, my family and my interactions with that are a huge part of my design process. 
Any first design memories? When I was 13 I wanted a new school bag, and my mom had already bought one and refused (quite rightly) to get a new one. I stormed upstairs to my bedroom, found an old pair of jeans and made them into a bag. I still have it and remember being so proud carrying it around school. I then decided I needed a new bag every week and would spend all weekend making them. My art teacher and mentor Ali McWatt would look at them each Monday and give me her feedback — I have so much to thank her for. Our school bag was the only part of our uniform that wasn't controlled so it was really the only creative expression you could have day to day. I then went on to sell those bags and eventually sold dresses too which gained me a place on the UK Young Apprentice with Alan Sugar. I think all these things gave me a good grounding for what I want to do now.

One of my earliest fashion memories is the Sparkle Millennium party my parents hosted at their home to welcome the 21st century. I was 5 years old and my mum wore a floor-length red satin backed crepe dress with train, faux fur stole, velvet elbow length gloves and typical late 90's black satin strappy heels and bag with Swarovski trims. I watched how these clothes transformed her, she felt transformed, she was and still is fabulous. Mom wore the same outfit 18 years later at a Christmas charity Gala and looked just as wonderful as she did back when I was 5. This outfit was one of the main inspirations behind my graduating collection from central saint martins and is a wonderful example of how incredible fashion can be. 

You recently graduated from Central Saint Martins - can you tell us about the challenges you went through in finishing that program and your favorite creations while you were there? 

My first year was extremely difficult, I was accepted without a foundation course straight from high school. I had anxiety and depression and was about to drop out of the course. My amazing mother gave me the confidence to continue and I'm so grateful for it. In my second year, I tried everything and wore huge heels, kimonos and drew over my face with marker pens. It was amazing, I experimented with my design styles and tried them out on myself. In contrast, my placement year was spent at Burberry where I learned so much about this industry and how to design clothes. I was so lucky to get sponsored by the British Fashion Council, Burberry, Swarovski, and Oakley for my final year and collection. This gave the working class boy from Liverpool the opportunity to not work three jobs (as I had done previously), to explore all of the possibilities of this amazing degree, and have the luxury of time to work through my ideas.   Sustainability is a big part of your work, why?  I had noticed while working at Burberry that they were only using 30% of the sampling meters of ordered fabric for the show production. I asked Christopher Bailey if it would be possible to use some of this for my collection, and even though everyone else in the company had told me it wasn't possible he was so kind and caring. He completely understood my situation and agreed! I was lucky enough to be given the fabric that otherwise would have been discarded which I used to create my collection. Swarovski then donated their unsellable stock crystal.  Sustainability is the most important way to consider fashion today. Fashion is the second most polluting industry in the world and as an emerging designer, I have to consider how I can reduce this environmental impact without compromising on style. I wanted to show that sustainability can be associated with modern and interesting design. Sustainable thinking transcends industries and it is now time we all, regardless of our field incorporate it into our process.   How would you describe the person who wears your clothes? I began my final year saying that I want people to wear my clothes — they might not know where they would wear them — but wanting to wear them none the less. It's so important to me. She is not afraid to wear a floor length dress just to walk around her home and feel fabulous, she wears clothes to feel special and beautiful. I have never really been interested in "fashions." I am interested in making clothes that make people feel comfortable and beautiful. Rita Ora has been wearing a lot of your work. How does it feel to get the celebrity stamp of approval? Karen Clarkson, Rita's stylist, got in touch after the show. I went to meet her on a Thursday afternoon and after a very busy three days, Rita left for Berlin wearing a custom PATRICK McDOWELL jumpsuit on Monday morning. Karen is wonderful and supportive of young designers, she actually liked the jumpsuit so much she ordered one for herself. It is amazing to know that people like Karen, Rita, and M.I.A. who are supporting the work I do. I really believe we're all a product of the people around us and I've been so lucky with who's been around me post-graduation. What's next? I'm speaking to buyers and stockists for my graduate collection and setting up a studio and website. I plan to start small with limited quantities of each piece while working on collection 2. I am so excited to see what the future holds and you can follow all of my progress through Instagram.  Finally, if you could imagine 5 historical or famous people wearing your designs, who would you choose? Photoshop courtesy Delphine Lewis Unless you're a Hollywood actress starring in an award-winning TV show or a uni student walking down the halls of St. Andrews alongside royalty, polo is the chance to integrate into the world of the British elite. Given the ever-decreasing number of eligible bachelors and bachelorettes in the royal market, it's high time to take the reins. Literally. Not to worry, L'Officiel is here to give you some tips before you jump on that horse and grab a mallet. Stylist: Gabriela Cambero Art Direction: Lisa Guedel-Dolle Journalist: Caroline Mas Production: L'Officiel Paris Fashion Credits: Top and pants, Polo Ralph Lauren. Belt and boots, Gibert. L'Officiel Paris also thanks the Polo Club de Chantilly for its accommodation. ‘Woolrich: American Soul since 1830’ marks an important moment in this brand’s story. Throughout its 187 years of existence, Woolrich has been rooted in American creations; from the fabrics to the designs, each piece is a celebration of this national heritage. This year, the oldest American outerwear brand has decided to go one step further. With this Fall 2018 collection, Woolrich has shifted the spotlight from the creations to the creators, using a series of capsule collections to spotlight the people who have built the unique heritage that the brand so values. What better way to launch this new chapter than with the legendary multi-platinum and award-winning artist who has been a defining voice in American music for over two decades: Ms. Lauryn Hill. This collaboration marks an important moment in Lauryn Hill’s own story since it coincides with the 20th-anniversary tour and celebrations for The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. Under the creative direction of FrameWork, the campaign is a true homage to the album and the artist behind it, featuring an exclusive performance of ‘Ex-Factor’ and a rolling commentary of the artist’s definition of “American Soul.” That being said, this is a collection that celebrates both her known and little-known talents, highlighting just how multi-faceted Hill really is. While her style is known to be as eclectic and bold as her music, this capsule (her first fashion campaign, we might add) has revealed that Ms. Lauryn Hill is also an experienced designer. Not only has the musician designed and sewed many of her own looks over the years, she presented Woolrich with over 30 different outerwear ideas (complete with background concepts and materials), including the album-emblazoned Arctic Parka with embellished appliqués at the center of this campaign. The result? An iconic take on an iconic coat.     Get a first look into the Woolrich x Ms. Lauryn Hill collection in the campaign, below. It will be available at Woolrich stores and select retailers. Media courtesy of: Frame Noir   Levi’s is on its fifth Pride collection and, with every new addition, it just keeps getting better and better. This time, the stunning Christina Curry has collaborated with the denim brand to design three T-shirts. The ‘I AM ____’ emblazoned tops are a fashionable celebration of identity expression in all its forms and we didn’t expect anything less from the excruciatingly cool Dutch-American model-actress. Moreover, 100% of the proceeds will go to the Harvey Milk Foundation and the Stonewall Community Foundation. See the pieces from the Christina Curry x Levi’s collection, below. Actor Adrian Brody has been declared the new face of Mango’s Fall 2018 collection. To commemorate this, photographer Mario Sorrenti captured Brody in his natural element: at home with a canine companion. The actor has been open about his love and support for animals and has several dogs of his own — many of which he picked up from the street during his travels or were rescue animals from a shelter.      Mango’s Fall 2018 campaign also stars model/actress Amber Valletta and Carolyn Murphy. Photographs by Zoey Grossman Fashion by Zoe Costello Makeup Holly Silius (Lowe & Co) Hair Rob Talty (Forward Artist) Production Suzanna Rees Talent Charlee Fraser (IMG) Manicure Marisa Carmichael Digital Technician Dustin Edwards Photo Assistant Phil Sanchez Stylist Assistant Omar Berumen Executive Producer Suzanna Rees Location Studio 60, Los Angeles Catering Beezoo It was during a visit to Kenya four years ago that Doutzen Kroes met a very special family who was extraordinarily committed to the welfare of elephants. It was then that she learned that 30,000 elephants are being killed every year because of poaching and trafficking–in other words, 1 elephant every 15 minutes. Four years later, the Dutch model has worked passionately as a global ambassador for Knot On My Planet: an organization committed to saving the friendly giants by raising money for the Elephant Crisis Fund. To show its support for the organization, Loewe has launched an adorably stylish tan Elephant Mini bag with handmade beading by Samburu Trust women from northern Kenya, who live among the elephants and are renowned for their skilled craftsmanship. Find more information on the Loewe x Knot On My Planet collection, here. Visit Cartier to learn more. More than 100 years after becoming a symbol of the Maison, Cartier has modernized the Panther, thus multiplying the fascination for this wild animal. The new collection, rendered powerful by its timeless character, uses ultra-modern curves and precious stones that animate the eyes of the feline. Like impenetrable armor, these pieces are dream allies of the modern woman and man, encouraging us to reconnect with our primitive and seductive side. To those who believe that pet shampoo is a thing of snobbery, Jen proves that there is no need to empty your piggy bank to have a beautifully clean, good-smelling and (more importantly) happy pet. The hair specialist has added a pet shampoo to the Ouai collection—a range of hair care products whose quality and design have made it a real beauty phenomenon since its launch. After extensive (human) practice on the likes of the Kardashian-Jenner clan, Bella Hadid, and Chrissy Teigen, the hairdresser has created an ultra-soft wash with a base of Aloe Vera, apple cider vinegar and tamarind leaf extract. To top it all off, 15% of the profits will be donated to the Vanderpump Dog Foundation: an organization supporting numerous shelters in West Hollywood, founded by RHOB’s Lisa Vanderpump. Ouai Limited Edition Pet Shampoo, $28 available here. For 2019, It seems that the usual Pirelli sex has been replaced by a more developed narrative and the delicate style of Albert Watson. Thanks to Watson's refined camerawork and the talents of protagonists Gigi Hadid, Misty Copeland, Laetitia Casta and Julia Garner, this year's calendar tells the stunning tale of four women who are on a journey to achieve their life-long dreams.     Misty Copeland and Calvin Royal III Misty is a dancer whose talent and passion exceed the strip club where she performs. Together with her boyfriend, Calvin, the two aspiring dancers live in a small art deco home dreaming of the day when they can become stars. In the meantime, Misty and Calvin will continue to dance to survive as well as to stay sane. Laetitia Casta and Sergei Polunin Laetitia is a painter who dreams of living the life of a great artist. She lives in an eccentric loft with her boyfriend, Sergei, who dances to help pay rent. Julia Garner with the participation of Astrid Eika Julia is a photographer working in a botanical garden. Although her current subjects consist of rare plants, she dreams of becoming a well-known photographer free to communicate through her lens. Gigi Hadid and Alexander Wang Gigi is a rich and successful woman. Though she may have everything at her fingertips, she feels incomplete. The only place where she feels remotely safe is in the sanctuary of her home; it is here that her best friend and confidant, Alexander, can comfort her It looks like not all things Trump are absolutely terrible — the president of Ivanka Trump's clothing brand Abigail Klem announced today that the First Daughter's fashion line will be closing down. She announced the closing to the brand's 18 employees, and they are expecting to be spoken to by Ivanka herself by the end of the day.  Although Trump has publicly blamed her intense new schedule as Senior Advisor to the White House as the reason for the brand's closing, it's been more than a year that she's been formally separated from the business. In a statement to Glamour, Trump said: "When we first started this brand, no one could have predicted the success that we would achieve. After 17 months in Washington, I do not know when or if I will ever return to the business, but I do know that my focus for the foreseeable future will be the work I am doing here in Washington, so making this decision now is the only fair outcome for my team and partners. I am beyond grateful for the work of our incredible team who has inspired so many women; each other and myself included. While we will not continue our mission together, I know that each of them will thrive in their next chapter."  The line caused lots of controversy during the election and once Trump was voted into office; there were many boycotts against the brand and its use of the Presidency as marketing leverage, and although Ivanka no longer had direct ties to the business, she was still often spotted wearing her namesake brand's designs. Only a year ago there were signs going up in Trump Tower announcing the opening of the first-ever Ivanka Trump store. No surprise here, the Trumps promised something they didn't deliver; the store never opened. Trump's line has long been speculated to be failing, with retailers consistently dropping the brand due to poor sales.  All we have to say is, bye Ivanka! We won't miss you! We'll leave you all with something to remember poor Ivanka by. Caution ahead.  Visit Cartier to learn more. When it comes to creativity, the world of jewelry continues to make nature its source of inspiration. The house of Cartier has surprised us by veering away from the clichés and drawing its inspiration from a plant that is known for its hostility and strength in the face of harshness. Yet, it is in the catcus' fascinating complexity and chic aesthetic that Cartier has found the metaphor of female duality. It is at night that these plants—that we already so admire—choose to cover themselves with flowers. The versatile designs of these jewels are, thus, both a reflection of concept and a necessity. Perhaps the true success of this collection is its ability to merge rebellion and elegance both naturally and without compromise—something best embodied by Mariacarla Boscono, Roman muse of the Cactus campaign of Cartier. With an assured look, the model portrays a sophisticated woman in a series of moments, and the resulting campaign breaks the conventional codes. This is yet another way that the Cartier's new collection differs itself in haute-joaillerie. What better way to commemorate the return of this prodigal son than by organizing a legendary 50th birthday celebration at Le Palace nightclub — the epitome of excessive, cosmopolitan and trendy wildlife. Surrounded by his muse, Grace Hartzel, and the likes of La Femme and Papooz, the designer had all the more reason to celebrate with his debut collection for Céline being presented in a few weeks at Paris Fashion Week. It has been more than thirty years since a music-obsessed teenage Hedi spent his evenings in Le Palace but, after seeing the photos of this celebration, it is clear that 50 is the new 20.   Get an insider's look in the photos below, courtesy of the designer himself. Photo Credits: Hedi Slimane The pinnacle of British fashion, Burberry, has launched its second collaboration this year with online retailer Opening Ceremony. The vibe? Opening Ceremony’s street-wear aesthetic meets the best of 90s-era Burbs. Fans of both labels will be happy to note that this capsule collection will include new pieces exclusively created for the occasion, as well as a recycled selection from the British label’s archives. Featuring iconic staples, the T-shirts, sweatshirts, and tracksuits will be emblazoned by the Burberry plaid and logo while the vibrant blues and reds at the center of this collection will be sprinkled with the rainbow overlay that garnered so much attention at Christopher Bailey’s final collection. Photographer Salvatore Caputo, who was tapped at the request of OC, captured the spirit of this collection by opting to shoot the campaign in Kiev’s thriving underground youth rave scene. Check out Burberry x Opening Ceremony's new collection in the images below. Visit Cartier to learn more. Let out your claws and reconnect with your predatory impulses with elegance - this is the promise of the new Panthère de Cartier collection. Both powerful and hypnotic, the collection's pieces have been redesigned using clean lines and voluminous graphics. To withstand such exceptional pieces, sometimes refined, sometimes ornamented to the extreme, we have created blinding and impenetrable armor that allows you to reconnect with your seductive and primitive side, all signed by the Cartier paw. The worlds of fashion, culture, and film join together in remembrance of British designer, Michael Howells, who passed away on Friday 20th of July at the young age of 61 years old. His résumé is as impressive as it is diverse, having designed for the European opera houses and museums, major film and TV productions (including Gwyneth Paltrow’s ‘Emma’), the fashion shows of Lacroix, Dior and McQueen, and the ad campaigns for Louis Vuitton, Burberry, and Versace. Not to mention that he was the man behind several era-defining events, including Kate Moss’ infamous Beautiful & Damned-themed 30th birthday party and Dior’s 60th-anniversary celebrations at Versailles. Such exuberant work may sound slightly ridiculous now that these same industries, who once poured so much effort and money into productions, have been forced to reign themselves in financially and thus creatively. But Howells represents a time when going to a show meant that you, for a couple of hours, could escape into another world—a complete, multi-sensory experience. Collage by Delphine Lewis.  When John Galliano (then Creative Director of Dior) first sent the Saddle Bag down the Christian Dior Spring 2000 Ready to Wear runway, no one anticipated the cult-like status it would go on to acquire. Soon after its debut, the kidney-shaped accessory would infiltrate popular culture thanks to television (Hello, Sex and the City) and celebrity, with Beyoncé, Paris Hilton, and Elle Macpherson as some of its most loyal fans. It became an It Bag in every sense of the word, but like all glorious early 2000s trends, the Saddle descended into obscurity along the way, with only those well-versed in fashion history still wearing it, despite the reduced fanfare. Then, in a Christ-like maneuver, the bag that once ruled the world was brought back to life, this time by the French fashion house’s first female Artistic Director, Maria Grazia Chiuri, in her collection for Dior Fall 2018 Ready to Wear. “I thought this collection would be an opportunity to revive its timeless beauty,” Chiuri said in a press release. “I consider [this] the perfect accessory to deal with [the] battle that is daily life.” To celebrate its return, we’ve gathered 12 of our favorite models of the reinvented Saddle, with an astrological twist. In case you don’t know, Christian Dior was a notoriously superstitious man who regularly consulted his fortune teller Madame Delahaye. In addition to having his cards read before each presentation, Monsieur Dior also kept up with astrology in a pursuit of knowledge (he was, after all, an Aquarius). Decades later, the house’s flirtation with mysticism is still swinging. For her Spring 2017 Haute Couture debut at Dior, Chiuri presented a tarot-inspired range of gowns. Leading up to the event, Dior launched a video series where the petites mains who worked on the collection spoke about their own superstitions and star signs. The list goes on.  Certainly, the magic of Dior can be seen both in and outside the walls of the ateliers at 30 Avenue Montaigne in Paris. Join in on the fun and find out which Dior Saddle aligns with your star sign.  Aries (March 21 - April 19) Impulsive, confident and optimistic are just some of many qualities possessed by those under this sign. Channel all that fiery passion. Bold and empowering, this Saddle's colorful and fringe-beaded look is sure to compliment the fearless leader within.  Taurus (April 20 - May 20) Earth signs are known to have their feet planted firmly on the ground. Known for being reliable, stable, patient and practical, no other version of the Saddle embodies these like this blue monochrome leather iteration of the iconic bag.  Gemini (May 21 - June 20) Geminis may have gained a bad rep in today's digital astrological realm, but there's really nothing wrong with being a little all over the place. Expressive and always ready for some fun, the bright and contrasting design of this number is sure to be the talk of your next social outing.  Cancer (June 21 - July 22) Cancerians are ruled by the moon, which is often the cause of their imaginative, emotional, and sometimes moody nature. Like the crab, they are in constant search of security and are big fans of comfort, which is why this denim patchwork Saddle is sure to fulfill those needs.  Leo (July 23 - August 22) Always humorous, effervescent, and occasionally self-centered, this Saddle embodies all that is quintessentially Leo. With its show-stopping use of color and attention to detail, this bag was meant to be worn with the attitude of a superstar.  Virgo (August 23 - September 22) The iconic Dior logo print is both timeless and modern, music to a Virgo's ears. Those under Virgo are both practical and analytical — meaning they never settle for less. Wearing the House's name also lends itself to an interpretation of loyalty, which also are characteristics of the star sign.  Libra (September 23 - October 22) As a sign known to be gracious, social and fair-minded, a pale pink Saddle is the perfect choice for the ever-discerning Libra, who loves all things relating to love, romance, beauty, and sensuality.  Scorpio (October 23 - November 21) Red supple leather can lend itself to many interpretations, but for a Scorpio, that means looking brave and exuding passion all under a clever guise of mystery. The elegant stitching along each of the bag's edges beautifully personify Dior's French sense of chic.  Sagittarius (November 22 - December 21) Always extroverted and humorous, Sagittarians can handle the dynamic and bold look of this Saddle. The serious beadwork arranged in a dizzying array of warm yellows, reds, and pinks create an optical illusion that just screams passion.  Capricorn  (December 22 - January 19) Like its fellow Earth signs, Capricorns are connected to the planet they inhabit. Always responsible, disciplined and prepared for anything, this chic, monochrome leather iteration beautifully personifies the sign's signature traits.  Aquarius (January 20 - February 18) The intricate design and execution of this version are sure to appeal to an Aquarius's independent and progressive nature. Those under this Air sign thrive on originality, which aligns well with this Saddle's unique and artisanal qualities.  Pisces (February 19 - March 20) Pisces often attribute their artistic side to a desire to escape reality. This rich interplay between orange and blue beaded fringe creates a fantastical allure, embodying both the spirit of water and the fish who inhabit it.  The Dior Saddle Bag is available now in stores. After changes in NYFW's line-up and Gucci's decision to exchange Milan for Paris to debut its own Spring 2019 collection, Bottega Veneta has followed suit in announcing that it will not participate in the next international season come September. This is one of a series of shifts for the brand that, in June, announced the departure of its creative director of 17 years, Thomas Mayer, and named Céline's Daniel Lee in his place. The new director will thus not be making his Milanese debut in September, but rather in February 2019. Bottega Veneta's Spring 2019 collection will exclusively be presented to buyers in the brand's Milan showroom. Visit Cartier to learn more. Intriguing, almost mystical, the cactus prides itself on modernity for the Maison, which is also the creator of iconic models like the Tank or the Panther line. The beautiful thorny plant gives birth to a series of creations breaking jewelry trends. There is almost a realization of the numerous facets of femininity - these plants, which are admired exclusively with a glance, resist inhospitable environments and wait for the night to cover themselves with flowers. To succumb to it would be to recover its wild state, its rebellious side, without compromising on its natural elegance. The beautiful Mariacarla Boscono perfectly embodies this duality so dear to the Maison. A clear way to position the Cactus line as an ultra-chic outsider. For Fall/Winter 2018, Miuccia Prada dreamed up a utopia where "women could walk the streets at night without fear". It's this dream that she makes a reality for Prada's new campaign film, which features model Amanda Murphy and Ocean's 8 star Sarah Paulson.  "Neon Dream" shows Murphy driving alone through what appears to be a nighttime Las Vegas and its famed Sunset Strip, while stylishly clad in an array of Prada's FW18 neon numbers: a padded tweed check jacket, a tulle dress, a pair of metallic ankle heels fastened with drawstrings and those Matrix-style Ultravox sunglasses. However, surreal details of the Willy Vanderperre-shot film start to give away that the landscape is really one of Prada's making, such as the countless neon signs bearing Prada's motifs (including a gigantic one of the iconic flame heels) and a line-up of Marilyn Monroes led by Violet Chachki.  Adding on to the dream-like quality of the film is Sarah Paulson's multiple appearances, first as a valet, later as a roller skating waitress and even another Monroe clone. With how strange the film gets, we think it's a good thing that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Watch it below. Urban Outfitters Disposable Camera Want to make your brunch a memorable affair? Go the extra mile with a couple of disposable cameras. It shows your guests that you're willing to go the extra mile and it will give you and your guests something exciting to look forward to.  Courtesy of Urban Outfitters Tiger’s Eye is a smooth stone with a golden brown hue that promotes clarity and personal power. Use the stone to discover courage, discipline, and an inner strength. It is associated with action, the sacral chakra, and the signs of Aries, Scorpio, and Capricorn. Need a boost of confidence and prosperity? Imbue the crystal with clear intentions of resilience and bravery and carry it around as a reminder of personal, artistic, or career aspirations. Hugo Fontela       Many consider this collection to be his greatest, and it also happens to be the last one he realized before his death. Plato's Atlantis was planned to be live-streamed on Nick Knight's SHOWstudio.com, and Lady Gaga's new single "Bad Romance" premiered during the finale. When Gaga tweeted about it 30-minutes before the show, Knight's website crashed.  Whether functionality is your main concern, whether you seek a specific size, whether you're looking for neutral or vivid tones, there is a summer bag for all tastes. Thanks to the designer and the story behind the brands, each piece is special in its own way. ALIENINA This brand was born in 2008 with the intention of creating hand-woven pieces using traditional Italian craft techniques. Interestingly, the ropes used are most commonly seen in climbing expeditions or on boats—with 90% of the materials being recycled, washable and non-toxic. (@_alienina_) CATZORANGE It was in 2017 that Coco and Johnny Mannix founded this brand in their Brooklyn studio. Theirs was a project born with the purpose of celebrating simplicity and the minimalist aesthetics through hand-made bags. (@catzorange) CULT GAIA After working for Narciso Rodriguez and Jason Wu, designer Jasmin Laria decided to found her own brand in 2013 in her native city of Los Angeles. This brand was launched with the Gaia Ark Bag—the first design to be released because of its original firm and unique selection of natural materials. Almost immediately, the bag went viral on social networks. (@cultgaia) DUO DE MAR Born in Tulum in 2012, this brand is focused on creating clothes and accessories that pay homage to nature. Each piece uses artisanal hand-weaving techniques and traditional Mexican materials, such as straw and palm. (@duodemar) HULE STUDIO Mexican designer, Paulina Aguado, is a creator of skin care products and beach bags. While she finds inspiration in geometric patterns and the use of noble materials, artisans Félix and Daniel are in charge of manufacturing the creations from their hometowns in Mexico. (@hule_studio) HUNTING SEASON It was in Sandona, a town located in the mountains of southern Colombia, that designer Danielle Corona found the most symmetrical fabric she had ever seen and decided to create bags from it. Today, the label maintains its fascination with symmetry but uses  additional materials such as leather and suede. (@huntingseasonnyc) GIMAGUAS According to the Spanish twins, Sayana and Claudia, their passion for craft started after a trip they made together around the world. In 2016, they founded Gimaguasa: a clothing, purse and jewelry brand that is inspired by the traditional designs of Seychelles, Mexico, India and Morocco. (@gimaguas) STAUD Sarah Staudinger and George Augusto founded Staud in 2015 with the goal of producing clothing and accessories with an innovative design, good quality but affordable prices. Although its base is in Los Angeles, its main point of sale is its online portal and on pages such as Net-A-Porter and MatchesFashion. (@ staud.clothing) TOULO ABEL These handmade baskets have a unique feature: they represent a technique that Abel pioneered in the dyeing of cane material. The brand emerged in a town in the interior of Portugal in 2010, when Tonio Abel made it his mission to preserve the special craftsmanship of this region. (@toino_abel) SIMON MILLER A mix of Japanese aesthetics and the versatility of American manufacturing, this brand began in 2008 with denim products for men. From 2014 onwards, it evolved into clothing and leather accessories for both men and women. (@simonmillerusa) ANGELA DUMMAN Since 2012, Angela Dumman has worked directly with artisans from the Yucatan region to create textiles and luxury products made of native Mexican fibers and plants. (@angeladammanyucatan) NANNACAY Marcia Kemp's world travels are what inspired her to create this social project. More than just a brand, she describes her work as a sisterhood among the women artisans of Peruvian communities to whom she provides job opportunities. (@nannacay) ZAAVIA A brand of Mexican origin, these palm leaf pieces are hand-made by artisans who work in a model of fair, inclusive and sustainable trade. (@zaavia_) WAIWAI Leo Neves began selling his handmade designs in Rio de Janeiro in 2015. These summer-attitude pieces are made by hand using a fusion of materials from broken wood, leather and silk, to acrylic and metal. (@ waiwai.rio) TUZA These bags, designed by Suzzan Atala and made by artisan Arturo in a Mexico City workshop, take half a day to be woven using a special technique that the artisan's mother taught him. This Mexican brand has a jewelry line that is also sold at its flagship store in Colima 129 in Colonia Roma, as well as in stores like Opening Ceremony. (@tuzajewelry) Versace is no stranger to excess. Just take the brand's Fall/Winter 2018 collection, for example, which was a bold riot of primary colors, pop art prints and so much tartan-on-tartan that would have left Cher Horowitz totally buggin'. It was only natural to expect that the Milanese fashion house ups its game for the collection's accompanying campaign — and it certainly didn't disappoint. Lo and behold, Versace has just released the "longest-ever advertising image" for a campaign. Shot by Steven Meisel, the campaign features the Versace Clan in full-strength, lined up side by side like a gang you don't want to mess with. The extensive cast of models — 54 in total — includes a diverse mix of new faces and supermodels. There's a Hadid sister on either end of the image; in between them are Kaia Gerber, Imaan Hammam, Fei Fei Sun and Adut Akech, who stands at the center of it all. Check out the campaign image in its entirety below (trust us, you're going to want to zoom in): Bonus: the brand has also published a video teaching those who, somehow, still don't know how exactly to pronounce Versace. Donatella Versace herself makes an appearance, which is only fitting considering that she'd noted the common mispronunciation of her surname in her endlessly quotable 73 Questions with Vogue video. Watch the pronunciation tutorial below: Yesterday was the final match of the FIFA World Cup 2018, in which France beat Croatia 4: 2. Before the final match supermodel, Natalia Vodianova and ex-captain of the German national team Philippe Lam carried the World Cup onto the field. The cup was made by LVMH, and Natalia, just like at the opening, was also in Louis Vuitton. This time in a short gold dress that shined as bright as the Cup. Natalia didn't go soft on the ice too. She wore jewelry by Chopard including 18-carat gold earrings with 17-carat emeralds and a platinum bracelet with diamonds. She fulfilled the promise she made before Russia vs. Spain match to donate a million rubles to develop children's football and danced Kalinka:          We have to say that the combo of Louis Vuitton + World Cup + Natalia Vodianova is more than killer product placement. Especially after France's win, Louis Vuitton will be remembered for a long time by the French as a symbol of victory.        If you've been looking for the perfect accessory that is both stylish and practical for your mental and physical health needs, Raf Simons is here for you.   The Aluminum Space Bracelet is now on sale as part of the Raf Simons Fall 2018 collection. The accessory makes extraterrestrial look minimalist chic with its leather strap and unobtrusive aluminum compartment.   Like other pieces in the collection, the Space Bracelet was inspired by the concept of drug addiction and glamorization in the fashion world.  Check out the bracelet in more detail in the photo gallery below: Visit Cartier to learn more. The inexhaustible world of flora once again breathes a modern wind into fine jewelry. Inspired by the cactus, Cartier seems to materialize the complex facets of femininity — able to resist in inhospitable environments, these fascinating plants, which are admired exclusively by a glance, wait for the night to cover themselves with flowers. Succeed in the beautiful thorny is to find its wild state, a bit rebellious, without compromising its natural elegance. It is this duality that is given to see by the muse Mariacarla Boscono, a Roman beauty with a fierce feline look, in the campaign for Cactus de Cartier. The model portrays a woman with sophistication shifted in a Dada context that breaks the usual codes of luxury film. A (nice) additional way to position the Cactus line as an ultra-chic underdog. North West may only be 5 years old, but the daughter of Kim and Kanye has already established herself as a fashion icon.  She wears Givenchy, Yeezy (duh), and Vetements on the reg and sits front row at the buzziest fashion shows of any given season (see Alexander Wang Fall 2015). Let's not forget she's also appeared in her fair share of magazine editorials for the likes of Vogue and Interview.  We love a legend.  It was inevitable, then, that fashion houses would invite her to appear in their advertising campaigns. The first to do so? Italian label Fendi, in honor of the 10th anniversary of its iconic Peekaboo handbag.  Quite a lot of pressure to put on a child, but thankfully mom Kim and grand-momager Kris Jenner also appeared in the images. The trio lounge around the grassy plains of Malibu, looking angelic and oh, so happy.  “The idea was to expand the concept of family, as it’s part of our history,” Creative Director Silvia Venturini Fendi shared with WWD. “In the case of the Kardashians, they are all three of them very strong women, with strong personalities.” The images mark the second installment in the Italian fashion house's #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign — the first saw Venturini Fendi photographed with her daughters Delfina Delettrez Fendi and Leonetta Luciano Fendi.  With so many amazing women already in the mix, we'll be incessantly guessing on who the brand will embrace next. Che emozione!   The Fall 2018 couture shows have officially wrapped up. All the editors, models, and celebrities who are not Paris-based are on planes headed back home, and the rest of us have been left with a lot of pictures to flip through. You thought you could catch up over the holiday this week, but then before you knew it, it was 9 pm and the fireworks were starting. Suddenly it was Thursday morning, and you’re back at work without having looked at a single thing Guo Pei sent down the runway. So now you have fashion FOMO (as you rightfully should, because Guo Pei’s collection was amazing and ya done goofed). It’s ok. We’re here to help. Below are the biggest takeaways from this season to help you sort through it all, and catch you up to speed: Trends This was among the most over-the-top couture seasons in quite a while and almost a stylistic return to the grandeur of the ‘80s. It was also a season in which many designers were on the same page, with a few trends that were near-ubiquitous. For example, feathers—especially ostrich feathers—appeared in nearly every collection. No, seriously: the soft embellishments were featured in a range of ways, from small details (Jean-Paul Gaultier) to entire gowns (Valentino). Pick a name, I guarantee you they stuck a feather somewhere in there…unless those names are Alberta Ferretti and Giorgio Armani because they opted for a feather-adjacent trend with extra-long fringe. One of the biggest surprises were the voluminous capes and ball gowns that paraded down the runway. Though there were still plenty of column dresses, it really seems like designers were embracing a “more is more” vibe, especially Giambatista Valli and Pierpaolo Piccioli’s Valentino collections, which utilized large swaths of fabric. Designers also weren’t shy about color, opting for some bold choices—hot pink among them. Sure, one expects to see hot (or “shocking”) pink on the runway for Schiaparelli. It might actually be sacrilegious for it to be omitted. Anyway, the hue a fun surprise on the catwalks of Ronald van der Kemp, Margiela, and Armani, among others. Armani actually had a voluminous, hot-pink feather look, hitting the major trends like the world’s most fashionable hat trick. Finally, there was an unexpected trend in suit dresses. That is dresses that took cues from suiting. Weird? A little. But considering how many houses gave it a shot (Ralph & Russo, Alexis Mabille, Sonia Rykiel), maybe consider giving it a try? A personal favorite was JPG’s take, which was basically the joke “tuxedo t-shirt” in caftan format. Considering how many designers were all falling for the same trends, there weren’t a lot of attention-grabbing pieces this season. That being said, there were a few runway moments that truly left a mark, such as Gaultier using a clear vinyl sheet that read “Free the Nipple instead of a top, or the surreal “hands” trompe l'oeil detail on a cape at Armani (which was swiftly called out by Diet Prada for looking similar to a Frédéric Forest illustration). Meanwhile, John Galliano put forth a cool, if not confusing accessory idea with his ankle iPhone holders, and the best thing about the Chanel show was little Hudson Kroening in his “Institue Chanel” sweatshirt. Please Karl, if you’re reading this (he’s not): put that sweatshirt into ready-to-wear production. But the biggest standout pieces were all of the elaborate headwear that dotted the collections, each so unique and flamboyant that simply combing them as “hats” in the trends section doesn’t seem to do them justice. Bertrand Guyon made sure his collection for Schiaparelli was true to the house’s surrealist roots by including animal masks (like flamingos, a cat, and a butterfly), Ronald van der Kemp has some elaborate fascinators, Iris van Herpen wowed everyone with headgear that multiplied the model’s face, and Valentino doubled down on the headwear that made Francis McDormand the best-dressed at this year’s Met Gala, with some over-the-top flower balls. Model moments  Model watchers had a pretty quiet couture week, with no major casting surprises. That being said, Kaia Gerber grabbed some attention with some big hair at Valentino, designer-favorite Anna Cleveland made multiple appearances, and Adut Akech made history closing Chanel’s show in Lagerfeld’s bridal wear. It is a particularly big deal as the Chanel “bride” spot is reserved for Lagerfeld’s favorite models (so it’s kind of haute couture’s highest model honor), and Akech is only the second black model to ever close a Chanel couture show. Suffice to say, keep an eye on the 19-year-old, as she clearly has an impressive career ahead of her. Overall moments  Sometimes there is a bigger story behind a collection than just what is shown on the catwalk. For example, Viktor & Rolf fans surely recognized much of what came down the runway, as the duo decided to celebrate their 25th anniversary by showing 25 pieces (re-issued in all white) that showcased their oeuvre. Seeing the looks all together was not only a reminder of how inventive they are but also that off-the-wall ideas are often the most timeless. Meanwhile Julie de Libran presented a Sonia Rykiel couture collection for the first time in the brand’s history. It’s kind of a big deal considering that when Rykiel founded the line 50 years ago, it was among the first to counter haute couture’s hold on “chic”. Luxury ready-to-wear, and the freedom of the fashion industry as we know it today was able to rise thanks to designers like Rykiel. With that in mind, it’s arguably funny to honor her with a couture collection, but considering the same-ness we’ve been subjected to by fast-fashion giants, we think she would have loved the creative expression shown through what couture is today. Finally, there was one trend we didn’t mention out of the gate: publically praising atelier workers! Clare Waight Keller brought her team out after the show to let them take a bow, and Maria Grazia Chiuri’s Dior set was decorated with toiles to showcase all the work that goes into a couture collection. Meanwhile, Pierpaolo Piccioli has been praising his team all over Instagram with pictures and videos. It’s absolutely adorable—nothing is chicer than showing appreciation for the people you work with. When Alexander McQueen was Artistic Director of Givenchy, he ruffled feathers all throughout the atelier when he decided to dine with the seamstresses in the basement of the fashion house’s headquarters at 3 Avenue George V, in Paris. It was unheard of for the artistic director of a major fashion house to interact with the petit mans and premières, but for McQueen, breaking bread with those who brought his wild visions to life was how he thought things should be.  Recently at the Haute Couture shows, designers took McQueen’s “progressive” lead, saying sayonara to the old, unwritten rules of fashion elitism.  Clare Waight Keller brought her team out during the finale to take a bow at Givenchy, and then at Dior, Maria Grazia Chiuri’s set was decorated with toiles to showcase garments through a behind-the-scenes lens. But while this may go down in fashion history as just another trend, one contemporary brand is making sure its customers know exactly who made its wares — forever. Social Work Spring 2019 Presentation Enter Social Work, a new brand founded by Parsons grads (’17) Qi Wang and Chenghui Zhang. The two just debuted their Spring 2019 collection on a hot June evening in one of their factories located in Manhattan’s Garment District. Using a series of street cast models in a crowded, barely air-conditioned space, there were a few in the lineup that didn’t fit the typical model mold; lo and behold, they were actual factory employees. The collection was an homage to both Eastern and Western culture, sprinkled in with references to '60s mod style and the Great Cultural Revolution, among others. It was an immersive experience like I've never seen, with a message that's increasingly important when it comes to sustainability and fair wages.    We spoke to both Wang and Zhang about their line, art versus fashion, and making a change in the fashion industry.  Can you all tell me the meaning behind the name Social Work? QI The name is Social Work because we always want to remind our customers that we're embracing workers rights. We wanted to call it [that] because we're building a bridge between the customer and the makers, so all of the garments we create have a specific code, and you can search to see who made it and you'll see the specific person who made the clothes. ZHANG We have a database on our website. You can search a code and then you can see the individual workers that have been contributing to the garments, how long it took them to make it and where it's made — information like that. We want to educate our customers. QI And then aesthetic-wise, we are always inspired by what the workers wear as well. What decades were you inspired by?  QI So we were inspired by the 60s, both in the West and the East. So in the West, it's all about liberation, youth, counterculture, and then in China, we had the opposite. We had the Great Cultural Revolution, so everyone [was] oppressed. So the contrast we think is really interesting. ZHANG A lot of it is bringing these juxtapositions of the two different cultures, blending them together, and then presenting it to our customers so they can form their own opinion. I think it's an interesting contrast. Why do you think it's important to mix the two? Has there always been a disconnect? QI Yeah, there's always been a really extreme disconnect, so it can be really convincing since we are Chinese to talk about it, and since a lot of the factories employ Chinese workers. So much of American fashion is made by Chinese workers, why don't we get to see them?   What are some things you've learned at Parsons that you feel has really helped you be able to launch your own brand? QI I think at Parsons we focused on a lot of conceptual thinking. We learned that you always need to have a cultural reference, and then a concept behind your collection to make your story really strong.  What change are you all hoping to influence? By the example that you're setting? QI I think because we're embracing workers' rights, we will definitely have a more open culture and transparency. We want people to know who actually made the clothes [and] to put the workers in a higher position than the actual designers. We feel for the most part that fashion is made of production, so you can't overlook that. Lookbook Visit Social Work for more information.  It’s safe to say that our Instagram feeds have become inundated with seashells, this summer’s top jewelry trend. From luxury brands like Loewe, Ellery, and Versace who displayed seashells on their Spring/Summer runways, then trickling down to contemporary brands, all the way to fast-fashion giants, seashell jewelry is ubiquitous this season. While I’m personally drawn to this particularly nostalgic trend, it’s not quite for everyone. So what’s left for those that want to adorn their beach looks with summer bobbles, but want to opt for something more elevated than seashells? Plenty, actually. Many new brands, as well as cult-favorites, are incorporating pearls, natural stones, wood or colorful beads into their jewelry. And we’ve made the list of the chicest lines that’ll get you into the vacation spirit. Gag & Lou  @gagandlou Timeless  @timeless.pearly Beck Jewels  @beckjewels Lizzie Fortunato  @lfjewels Emily Levine Milan  @emilylevinemilan Reliquia Jewellry  @reliquiajewellry Faris Jewelry  @farisjewelry See you at Cartier As the essential ally of the modern woman, Cartier revisits the evening bag in an even more ultra-chic version. Its classic look is only a decoy, a sober (and beautiful) way to inscribe it in time. This is the embodiment of the duality of the cactus: hostile but attractive, stoic on the outside but living in the heart. This accessory-jewel emphasizes the extraordinary heritage and know-how of the House, which is why everything lies in the details: the choice of materials, the work of volumes, the accuracy of finishes. To succumb to it is to go against the current of codes with the assurance and elegance of a woman of today. Newly-appointed Artistic Director of Burberry, Riccardo Tisci has announced he will be teaming up with British punk icon and legendary designer Vivienne Westwood and her longtime partner Andreas Kronthaler for a collaboration that no one saw coming. "Vivienne was one of the first designers who made me dream to become a designer," Tisci wrote in an announcement made to his Instagram. "I am SO honoured to announce a new Burbs collaboration with the original British PUNK." Of course, he followed the sentiment with a fitting Union Jack emoji sandwiched between two black hearts.  During his time at Givenchy, Tisci's design aesthetic was widely influenced by musicians in the hip-hop and R&B cadre, and naturally, Westwood was the definitive image-maker of the ever-subversive Punk movement. To see these two sensibilities come together will surely be a sight to see. We have no doubt the creative ménage à trois will bring something new and unexpected to an increasingly predictable fashion landscape, and for that, we are grateful.  Photography: Lucrezia Ganazzoli
Styling: Yana McKillop Models: Sasha and Sonia Komorova @ MP
Hair stylist: Pierpaolo Lai @ Julian Watson Agency
Make up artist: Tiziana Raimondo @ The Wall Group
Casting Director: Simone Bart Rocchietti
Assistant casting director: Costanza Carozzo @ Simo Bart Casting The cosmopolitan sophistication of the Schiaparelli woman confirms itself as a symptom of style dictated by a great personality. The new collection is characterized by a versatile elegance that is representative of the Mediterranean, but also European, origins of the Maison. The Esprit de Jour alternates with the Esprit de Nuit, not without amazement. In fact, the day is sublimated by the dark, filled with butterflies and golden locks that seal the female body began with embroidery, buttons and sophisticated jewelry. The night, instead, is represented by bold, decidedly colorful and sumptuous, almost experimental clothes. In this case, femininity is underlined by pure lines and almost liquid cuts. Impressive are the animalistic fantasies, just like Elsa's passions for butterflies, for dogs, for stars and stars, but also for art and for the most esoteric jewels. Wigs and plumage become modern in creating a message aimed at celebrating the idea of freedom: so precious, to be guarded with a padlock.  Gucci just dropped new pieces from their Spring 2018 collection, including lots of logo-heavy pieces *drool* inspired by the work of Dapper Dan as well as cartoon sweaters featuring Snow White and Bugs Bunny. The collection also includes sportswear such as windbreakers, tracksuits that come in jacquard, chenille and jersey, logo-heavy cardigans, and bowling shirts. Go team Gucci!  Shop the full release here and see what else was included in the drop below.  For Coach's Fall 2018 collection, Creative Director Stuart Vevers injected more of his English heritage into the brand with looks suitable for the typical British "It" girl or boy. The collection includes long suede trenches, delicate earth-toned dresses, and motorcycle jackets and boots worthy of The Beatles.  Of course, Coach's home city of New York served as a key inspiration for the campaign, shot by Steven Meisel. A gorgeous gang of models hangs around the city's backstreets draped over vintage cars alongside brand ambassador Selena Gomez. This is her third campaign with the brand, and joining her this go-round are Coach's newest ambassadors Japanese actress and model Kiko Mizuhara, Chinese actress Guan Xiao Tong, and Chinese actor Timmy Xu.      View the campaign images in full, below.   It's pretty obvious: we can't get enough of Fendi's FF Capsule collection. Boasting everything from streetwear-inspired ready-to-wear pieces to bags, accessories, and shoes, the collection puts Fendi's FF logo front and center in the classic shades of tobacco and black, as well as in a new color combo of black and white.   With all things considered, how much do you actually know about the Fendi symbol that Silvia Venturini Fendi once likened to a guarantee seal of the Maison's 100 years of history and values? Below, we give you a crash course of the iconic logo that is responsible for our favorite Fendi prints.  The Fendi FF Capsule collection is now available in Fendi stores and on Fendi.com Off-White
      Off-White, the brand whose founder Virgil Abloh has everyone abuzz with his triumphant menswear debut for Louis Vuitton,  was founded in 2013, Off-White has had a series of successful collaborations from Converse, Nike, to the likes of IKEA and Jimmy Choo.  Wearing Off-White has become a status symbol, but it also represents a new, refreshing and relevant aesthetic - an aesthetic that is in tune with the times in which we live, and that merges fashion and advertising, as well as contemporary art and music.
  Aeance
      The best fabrics from Switzerland, Holland, New Zealand; a design that is faithful to the credo 'less is more'; And care - care for one's self and care for the environment. This is Aeance: a sportswear brand dedicated to those who care about substance. Not only is an Aeance wearer promised the utmost comfort in their active life, they are assured that the brand's textiles meet the highest standards of environmental sustainability.
  Dyne
      This is a brand that revolves around the concept of strength. Dyne (from the Greek dynamis, meaning 'strength'), features garments that merge ancient techniques with the most modern ones to create garments designed to withstand the demands of both sport and leisure. It is for this reason that creative director, Christopher Bevans, was granted the Woolmark Prize 2018 for innovation and Dyne has become one of today's most loved sports brands. Palm Angels
      It may be surprising to some that this sportswear brand, with its echoes of gritty, underground culture, was founded by Moncler's artistic director Francesco Ragazzi. In each of Palm Angels' creations, Italian tradition is intertwined with Los Angeline streets. Think luxury skater: technical and elegant, yes, but not too much of either. Palm Angels finds the perfect middle to ensure that the garments can be worn every day.
  Blackbarrett
      Blackbarrett is, quite simply, sportswear that is uniquely Neil Barrett's. All the shapes, lines, and silhouettes characteristic of his original line have been remodeled and revisited in the sportswear style. Blackbarrett equals functional and performing garments that can be worn in the gym, during one's free time or, hell, even in the office. Make a statement in any surrounding with these pop and neoprene colors, textures upon textures, and block-colored sweatshirts.
  Photo courtesy of: Instagram @off____white; @palmangels; @ dyne.life Loewe teamed up with LVMH's new eyewear brand Thélios for their latest sunglass collection, which combines the brand's craftsmanship and expertise in leather goods with contemporary design. The brand announced three different styles for Fall 2018: the Puzzle medium, Tyra, and Jinkx. Designer Jonathan Anderson stayed true to his innovative style, making for graphic mask-like pieces that go beyond your average eyewear. Step aside tiny sunglasses. The line is available as of today, with prices ranging from $390 to $420 for a pair. Shop here and see all the styles below.  The entertainment didn't stop at last night's BET Awards; between Offset calling Cardi B his wife, Jamie Foxx's erratic and hilarious hosting, and the cops interrupting the pre-show, barely a minute went by without us gasping — not to mention that scene-stealing kiss on the red carpet between Blac Chyna and Amber Rose. Off the carpet, the most wins went to Cardi B and Kendrick Lamar, including a best new artist award for SZA and best movie award for "Black Panther." See the list of winners and more photos from the red carpet below. Best Female R&B/Pop Artist Award Beyoncé  Best Male R&B/Pop Artist Award Bruno Mars  Best Group Award Migos  Best Collaboration Award DJ Khalid /Rihanna and Bryson Tiller - "Wild Thoughts"  Best Male Hip Hop Artist Award Kendrick Lamar  Best Female Hip Hop Artist Award Cardi B  Video of the Year Award Drake - "God's Plan"  Video Director of the Year Award Ava DuVernay  Best New Artist Award SZA Dr. Bobby Jones Best Gospel/Inspirational Award Lecrae / Tory Kelly - "I'll Find You"  Best Actress Award Tiffany Haddish  Best Actor Award Chadwick Boseman  Young Stars Award Yara Shahidi  Best Movie Award "Black Panther"  Sportswoman of the Year Award Serena Williams  Sportsman of the Year Award LeBron James  Album of the Year Award Kendrick Lamar - "Damn"  BET Her Award Mary J. Blige - "Strength of a Woman"  Coca-Cola Viewers' Choice Award Cardi B - "Bodak Yellow"  The Best International Act Award Davido (NIGERIA)  Gucci's fascination with eccentricity continues. For the latest in its series of artist collaborations, the Italian fashion house has teamed up with Isabella Cotier. The London-based artist makes the locals of Florence the quirky subjects of her playful illustrations, which were created as she ventured around the cafés, markets, and streets of Gucci's birthplace.  Cotier's work takes center stage in this capsule collection including hoodies, sweatshirts, t-shirts and tote bags. Now available only at the Gucci Garden. Check out the pieces below.  That's not all. Gucci Garden has also stocked up on its range of exclusive products, which now includes a golden military-style frock coat, a black and pink short sheepskin coat and a floral-printed jacket with pink satin trim. Everyone's favourite Princetown loafers have also taken a different form with new prints, while Gucci's Sylvie handbag is now available in an array of garden-inspired patterns. View them all below: And if those weren't enough reason to head to Gucci's museum in Florence ASAP, take a sneak peek at the new Björk-dedicated exhibition that is now showing at the Gucci Garden Galleria.  In February, Raf Simons presented his Fall 2018 collection in New York titled "Youth In Motion" and it started quite a buzz due to its theme: drugs. It's both a departure from and as an extension of his previous ad campaign for Spring 2018. The imagery, then, was inspired by New York City's Chinatown neighborhood but both feature model and Simons muse, Luca Lemaire.  Photographed by Willy Vanderperre, the new set of images place Lemaire alongside colorful flower arrangements accessorized with some drug paraphernalia easter eggs. If you look closely, you'll see dime bags, rolled up dollar bills, and banana peels. It's like a narcotic-infused Where's Waldo!  The theme of the campaign doesn't veer too off from the collection itself which is said to be inspired by Drugs, a tragicomic play by Cookie Mueller and Glenn O’Brien about a couple's entanglements with stimulants during the 60s to the 80s. Simons's Fall 2001 collection titled "Riot, Riot, Riot" also proved to be of influence as well.  See all the campaign images below.  Ahead of its upcoming menswear shows, LOEWE has unveiled images from its Spring 2019 advertising campaign, and much to the delight of all of our inner fashion nerd, the campaign was shot by legendary fashion photographer Steven Meisel in addition to an image captured by still-life photographers Adrien Toubiana and Thomas Cristiani.  The three campaign images will be posted all over Paris leading up to their menswear show; the first is an image of model Oscar Kindelan, who was made to look like a younger version of Meisel, and the second features actor Josh O'Connor in the brand's forthcoming eyewear collection. The third is an introduction to the new smaller version of Loewe's popular Gate bag, shot by Toubiana and Cristiani.  See the rest of the campaign images below.  Saint Laurent is synonymous with rock ‘n’ roll, so it should come as no surprise that the faces of the brand's Autumn/Winter 2018 collection are the offspring of musical royalty. Zoë Kravitz, the daughter of Lenny Kravitz (and longtime a star in her own right), stars alongside Lennon Gallagher, the 18-year-old son of Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher. Gallagher previously appeared in another campaign video for Saint Laurent, set to the haunting beat of The Velvet Underground's "Venus in Furs."  Art Direction: Anthony Vaccarello Director: Nathalie Canguilhem Talents: Zoë Kravitz, Lennon Gallagher, Erin Mommsen, Noé Martin Music: Sebastian Last Saturday evening in Santa Monica, some of TV's biggest stars hit the red carpet — and between Zendaya dressed as an unwrapped Hershey's kiss and Yara Shahidi's Michael Jackson-inspired suit, it's hard to pick our favorite look from the evening.  Check out all the red carpet action, below.  Kaia Gerber is a name that needs no introduction. Daughter of supermodel Cindy Crawford, the 16-year-old has proven that some things do run in the family with her countless catwalk features and magazine covers.   Most recently, Kaia has followed in her mother's footsteps once again by becoming the face of Omega's campaign for its new Trésor timepieces. Below, the model-of-the-moment talks exclusively to L’Officiel Singapore in Berlin about almost anything imaginable – tattoos, time travel and practising the catwalk. Your mum, Cindy Crawford, has been an Omega ambassador for over 20 years. What did you learn about the brand while you were growing up? I really grew up in the Omega family. I was always around them and got really comfortable. So when they asked me to officially join the family, it just felt really natural and right.   What is a special Omega memory that you have? I remember there was one trip my mum and I did with Omega, when we went to Peru and got to see the Flying Eye Hospital. I think I was about 13. It was just such an incredible experience, seeing how we were shown around Peru and got to do something for other people. That changed my life and made me realise what I wanted to do. What in particular draws you to watches and the Trésor? People now don't necessarily need a watch to tell the time. The thing about the Trésor is it's something you wear every day, not just for telling time, but because of how it makes you feel – and its style. You're referred to as a new “super” sometimes. How do you feel about that? The word supermodel shouldn't be used lightly and I definitely think it has to be earned, so when people refer to me (as one), I think, well give me a little bit of time at least. But it's definitely an honour to be associated with what was there in the ’90s.   When was the first time you realised you were famous? I still get surprised. If someone knows my name and I'm like, wait, are talking to me? Because I don't expect it – ever – and it still surprises me. I don't think there was one moment when I understood it. I think I was about 13 when one person started following me on Instagram and I thought, how did they find me? From there, it became how it is now. Do you practise the catwalk with your mum at home? Actually, no, my mum has never given me a catwalk lesson, but I definitely have watched her and I think she's amazing. I love everything she does, but I'm not cat-walking down the hallways of my house – sorry to disappoint you.   Your brother is a model too. How important is Presley to you? Presley is my entire world and what I always say is, he's my only sibling. So he's the one person I know who's always going to be there for me and have my back, and I have eternal love for him.    You're obviously very close to your family. Is it true that you and Presley have matching tattoos? We don't, but he actually got my name and my lucky number tattooed which was super sweet – I kind of suggested it as a joke. I said: “Oh, you should get my name tattooed.” And he went: “Okay, I will.” And he did it. I think that's one he probably won't regret. Any secret talents?   I played the flute growing up so if anyone's looking for a flautist then I've got you, but that's about it.   If you travel forward in time, 20 years from now, how would you like to see yourself? I think most 16 year olds don't know what they're going to do with their life, but as long as I'm enjoying what I'm doing in the moment then, I will just continue to roll with it and see where it takes me. I hope to be in a happy place, doing something that I love. Find out more about the new Omega Trésor and read the full interview in the June/July 2018 issue of L'Officiel Singapore (available on Magzter).  Doublet was awarded LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton’s fifth annual prize in Paris this afternoon, proving that high-fashion streetwear is here to stay. The prize includes a year’s worth of mentoring and €300,000; runner-up, Rokh, was awarded €150,000. The judging panel included legendary designers Karl Lagerfeld, Nicolas Ghesquière (Louis Vuitton), Clare Waight Keller (Givenchy), Marc Jacobs, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim (Kenzo). Talk about a stamp of approval. Masayuki Ino is the designer behind the brand, which shows at Tokyo Fashion Week and is currently being sold at Dover Street Market. Doublet beat several cult-favorites including Eckhaus Latta, Matthew Adams Dolan, Kwaidan Editions, Charles Jeffrey Loverboy, Ludovic de Saint Sernin, Botter, and A-Cold-Wall. Former winners include Marine Serre, Grace Wales Bonner, and Marques'almeida. Get to know the brand below. The Ocean’s team came out in full force last night for the New York premiere of Ocean's 8, the fourth installment of the legendary film series and the first with a female-only cast. Like its predecessors, the film's plot involves a high-stakes heist: to steal and pawn a $150 million Cartier Toussaint necklace worn by a celebrity at the infamous Met Gala.  The glitzy event was held at Lincoln Center, where the cast served up some serious glam. From Sarah Paulson in a Prada neon fringe dress to Queen of Darkness Helena Bonham Carter's sultry Vivienne Westwood Couture corset dress, it was a fashionable feast for the eyes on the black carpet. A few of the cast's famous friends were also in attendance, like Anna Wintour, Gigi Hadid, Lily Aldridge, and Kelly Rowland. Ocean’s 8 comes out on June 8th. Watch the trailer below. In June 1969, the Stonewall Inn was raided by police, which led to a historical riot led by New York’s LGBTQIA+ community during which they demanded equal rights, treatment, and visibility. Since then, every June has been set aside for the community to celebrate Pride, from marching across parades around the country to breaking out the most colorful pieces in one's wardrobe.  Levi’s is the latest brand to show their support with their 2018 Pride Collection, featuring rainbow logos on denim staples, rainbow suspenders and belts, and t-shirts that read “I AM.” The best part? 100% of net proceeds go to the Harvey Milk Foundation and the Stonewall Community Foundation. The campaign features several notable members of the LGBTQ community, including Drag Queen Juanita More, Chef Melissa King, and Activist iO Tillett Wright. See some campaign images and the video below. Shop the collection here. 55-year old fashion designer Kate Spade was found dead inside her New York City apartment, reports TMZ. Spade was best known for her iconic handbag, the Sam, released in the 1990s.  After graduating from the University of Arizona with a degree in journalism in the '80s, Spade worked in the accessories department of savvy chic magazine Mademoiselle, where she later became Senior Fashion Editor/Head of Accessories. While at Mademoiselle, she felt that handbags lacked sensibility and style, which inspired her to leave and launch her own brand in 1993 with Andy Spade.  Our thoughts are with Spade's family at this time.  R.I.P. From Kendall Jenner in a purple feather frock to Brooke Shields in a tailcoat, photos from the red carpet at the CFDA Awards last night have taken over our timelines. Held at the Brooklyn Museum for the first time, the night held a few surprises (the menswear designer of the year who doesn't consider himself a designer) and more than a few fashionable couples (Busy Philipps and Kim Kardashian, anyone?) See all the winners below.  Swarovski Award for Positive Change
Diane von Furstenberg Members Salute
Ralph Lauren Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award
Narciso Rodriguez Founder’s Award
Carolina Herrera International Award
Donatella Versace Media Award
Edward Enninful Fashion Icon Award
Naomi Campbell Influencer Award
Kim Kardashian West Accessory Designer of the Year
Ashley Olsen and Mary-Kate Olsen, The Row Menswear Designer of the Year
Supreme Swarovski Award for Emerging Talent
Sander Lak, Sies Marjan Womenswear Designer of the Year
Raf Simons, Calvin Klein Alexander Wang’s first collection since ditching the standard fashion month schedule was shown on Sunday night on a rooftop at New York’s Pier 17. Wang titled it "Collection 1," debuting his new presentation strategy for the brand, which will only have two co-ed shows per year, in June and December. At the show, each seat had a note from Wang, announcing, “A new beginning, a new identity and a new day," but Wang stayed true to his usual aesthetic of high-end sportswear meets model-off-duty, only this time with a biker/rockstar twist reminiscent of Rock of Love with Bret Michaels. Bella Hadid and Kaia Gerber walked down the runway in paisley bandanas, leather/lace bras, and bolo ties. Think Kid Rock, but fashion. The collection also featured army boots, stacked belts, and safety pin corsets we'll be sure to see come festival season and FYI, Oakley sunglasses are now in. Of course, Wang also stuck to his script with an array of large namesake logos on waistbands and mesh tops. The theme of the show was an homage to “Immigrant Americana” and to Wang’s own Chinese heritage. He fused chinoiserie and classic American styles in the form of accessories including crystallized "Thank You" shopping bags, embellished surgical face masks, and Harley Davidson-inspired suits. Despite the current political climate, Wang displayed his love for New York and his optimism for the future. It was one of many critical fashion moments we need now more than ever. See all the looks from the show below. When news first broke about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement, there was one question on everyone's mind: Who will design the wedding dress? Some speculated the designers would be Ralph and Russo, others said it would be Stella McCartney; but in the end, we were pleasantly surprised to see Markle as a vision in white wearing Givenchy, courtesy of Claire Waight Keller. The gown was deliciously classic, with long-sleeved and bears a canoe-like neckline. Her lengthy, meme-inducing veil was embroidered with lace from the 53 independent countries of the British Commonwealth; a look fit for a princess. But despite the fact that the wedding has already happened,   our fascination for royalty has only increased, and with wedding season underway, we decided to scope out 10 wedding dresses inspired by Meghan's look. Even better, each gown is already available in stores. Saint Laurent is a fashion house that has become synonymous with Rock n' Roll thanks to the miraculous rebranding magic of Hedi Slimane. Of course, when something works, you stick with it, which is exactly what his successor Anthony Vaccarello has done since he took the reigns of the French fashion house in 2016, most notably in the campaign images and videos he creates. Back in April, Kaia Gerber was chosen to front Saint Laurent's Fall 2018 campaign and now another celebrity offspring is joining the ranks: Lennon Gallagher, son of Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher.  Shot in black and white by David Sims, Gallagher is the picture-perfect Saint Laurent muse, striking a series of poses backed by  The Velvet Underground's "Venus in Furs." His striking features paired with a  DGAF attitude just does it, don't you think? See for yourself, below. A Roman cemetery in France, a runway ignited by a line of fire, and a performance from Elton John at the show's after-party: these are the ingredients that made up Gucci Cruise 2019.  As always, the collection boasted a beautiful-meets-funky mix of prints and contrasts, sprinkled with references from past, present, and of course, Creative Director Alessandro Michele's vision of the future.  The creative director of Gucci retrieved several floral prints from the archive and continues with his unique vision that embeds artisanal-looking and vintage-inspired bows, prints, sequins within the style codes of the Italian fashion house. Fashion has become a powerful force in popular culture today, so when major labels use their power for good causes, the result is...major. Case in point: Loewe's latest special project—a limited edition series of four t-shirts—which features designs by iconic artist, writer, and activist of the '80s David Wojnarowicz.    Each piece is printed with one of Wojnarowicz's most iconic pieces contextualized through the lens of LOEWE designer Jonathan Anderson, who hand-selected each work in collaboration with Visual Aids and New York’s PPOW Gallery.     The T-shirts are available now at loewe.com and Visual AIDS, Dover Street Market London, as well as a number of select Loewe stores. Like a phoenix rising from the ashes, so has American Apparel risen from the dead after filing Chapter 11. The iconic LA  brand is set to open its first brick and mortar since closing all stores nationwide on Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles thanks to the public's support of its "Back to Basics" campaign. But the store's resurgence isn't the only reason to celebrate. AA has announced a new collection just in time for Pride month titled "They O.K." a range of t-shirts and totes emblazoned with the slogans:  "They O.K.: All Pronouns Welcome" and "Still here. Still queer." Devotees will instantly recognize the pun on the label's "Gay O.K." and "Legalize Gay Marriage" t-shirts, which were popular during a time when gay representation was staggeringly low compared to today. Notice that by using "They," the collection is more inclusive of all gender/gender non-conforming identities.  And speaking of inclusive, the campaign images are just that, featuring stripped-down, natural shots of a diverse gang of models, each of which were chosen from an open casting held for those who identify as LGBTQ+. We know what we'll be wearing come June.    With one Academy Award and three Golden Globes under her belt, it's safe to say that Jennifer Lawrence is a brilliant actress. The Red Sparrow star has pulled off playing everything from a shape-shifting blue mutant to a bow-wielding dystopian heroine, which is probably why Dior Artistic Director Maria Grazia Chiuri has picked the actress to venture into gender-blurring territory for the new Dior Fall 2018 campaign.   Shot by French photographer Brigitte Lacombe once again — the pair had previously worked together for Dior's Fall 2017 campaign — Lawrence poses against a spare setting with her hair neatly tied up in a bun, while dressed in the Maison's collection of coats, jackets, buttoned shirts and pants.  Born Lucy Schwob, the genderfluid French artist succeeds Niki Saint Phalle on Maria Grazia Chiuri's list of creative and empowered female muses.    Like Saint Phalle, Claude Cahun was ahead of her time. In the 1920s, she explored gender and identity through a series of compelling self portraits in which she portrayed and embodied tropes of conventional masculinity. It was these images that inspired the new Dior campaign, where Lawrence's androgynous appearance reflects Cahun's sentiments on femininity: "Shuffle the cards. Masculine? Feminine? It depends on the situation." It's all in the details: aside from the distinctive silhouettes borrowed from menswear staples, Dior's Fall 2018 collection is also made from typically masculine fabrics, the likes of which were used by Monsieur Christian Dior himself back in the day. The result is a collection that showcases the masculine-feminine duality of the modern woman, inviting you to shuffle the cards just like Claude.    Jennifer Lawrence pulls the look off perfectly as far as we can tell. Watch the behind-the-scenes clip below to find out what the actress loves about the new collection and what her favourite piece is.  Maria Grazia Chiuri, Artistic Director of Christian Dior, presented her Cruise 2019 collection at the Great Stables of the Domaine de Chantilly, where horses ran free and rain poured down.  Held under an open-air riding arena that doubled as a luxury tent, where female Mexican rodeo riders performed a stirring opening number set against the groovy music of Khruangbin.  Fashion editors and other beautiful people were left absolutely shook when rain began to fall, inundating the first row, but like all great theatrical productions, the show went on. It's fashion as we like it! With this parade, Maria Grazia Chuiri pays tribute to the escaramuzas, traditional Mexican riders who fought for the right to participate in the charreada - an equestrian practice of performing in public - in the same way as men. It is not only their strength of character but also their costume that made an impression: full embroidered skirts and big hats, that inspired the collection.  Models walked the catwalk with intent and style, sometimes cracking the occasional smile. Wearing a melange of jackets,  coats, and ample, extravagant skirts, each silhouette was thinly accented by high-waisted belts. The classic Toile de Jouy, which is made in France, was given a modern touch thanks to the bold etching of wild animal figures. Accessories were truly major as well, from bags to boots and of course, the wide-brimmed straw hats courtesy of Stephen Jones. Craftsmanship, transmission, and heritage are at the heart of this collection. The women represented are many: the ideal woman dreamt up long ago by Monsieur Dior, wild women of the Amazon, characters from the novel The House to the Spirits by Chilean author Isabel Allende, and celebrities who were in attendance. Overall, it was a beautiful cohesion of both masculine and feminine elements, which is Chiuri's specialty.  Any millennial who grew up watching Disney Channel will know just how awful it is to be labeled an outfit repeater. We have the cult-classic and generation-defining Lizzie McGuire Movie to thank for that, in a scene where heroine Lizzie is called out for wearing the same puffy-sleeved peasant dress to graduation that she wore to a spring dance. But despite the bad rep outfit repeating may have, some of the greatest minds in history—and a few fashion people themselves—have consciously worn the same outfit every day: Steve Jobs and Karl Lagerfeld included.  Of course, not everyone is so keen on wearing the same outfit every day. In a world where fast fashion mega companies are constantly churning out release after release, there seems to be a never-ending focus on the new, which led businesswoman and fashion darling Marina Testino to launch a project that challenges that.  With One Dress to Impress, Testino explores what happens when a woman wears the same, strong, visible outfit everywhere over the course of two months, inspired by Marie Kondo's book The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up. In a series of daily posts documented on her Instagram, you’ll see Testino posing in a bright red suit, striking a variety of poses against a variety of locales. With month one completed, we caught up with Testino to talk about her experience and what she hopes to accomplish towards the end of month two. What first inspired this?  I work in the fashion industry, which means I’m constantly running around going from one event to another, changing outfits in between. One day, I simply got tired of having the pressure to look different everywhere I went. This is when I thought, “why do I have to choose something new for every event, what if I chose to wear the same thing every time.” Choice doesn’t always have to mean choosing something new, and it has been totally liberating choosing NOT to choose.   When did you first read Marie Kondo’s book? What significance does it have for you now?  I read it about a year ago when my mom gave it to me and it really came to mind when I was picking out which outfit I would be wearing for so long. Marie Kondo mentions in her book that before getting rid of something you should hold it and really think if it gives you joy. This is what I did when picking an outfit and what I think everyone should do when shopping.   What surprised you the most about wearing the same outfit every day?  I expected to get a lot of criticism from people for wearing the same thing for so many days. Repeating an outfit has sort of become a taboo in our society—God forbid you wore the same outfit twice, right? Not necessarily! With this project, I learned that people don’t really care about what you’re wearing. Wearing something with confidence stands out more than wearing the latest fashion trend. I’m not saying people shouldn’t buy on trend, but simply to shop consciously and buy what makes you feel good and empowered.   Were there any challenges you faced during the #OneDressToImpress project?  Two months is a long time and with one more to go, I’m definitely starting to miss wearing other things. I used to match my outfit to my mood every day and now even if I’m feeling lazy or just want a discrete outfit, I don’t have that choice. Is there another outfit you’d like to try this with? If so, please describe!  This was a two-month project that I created to make a statement. I think wearing the same vibrant suit for two whole months is impactful enough to bring awareness to conscious consumerism so I won't be continuing it with wearing something else.   How did week one differ from say week three?  Week one was the most exciting because it was the start of it and people were not really sure about why I was repeating the suit which was kind of funny. I had been planning to do this for a while so it was great to see it all come together. However, it was the week where I had to make myself comfortable with the idea of repeating the same outfit for so long. I wasn’t sure how I would deal with the different weather or how to accessorize it differently. By week three, I had learned how best adapt my suit to different temperatures, event, etc. and how to play around with accessories to give the suit a different feel every time I wore it.   What do you hope people take away from this? What can be learned?  Society nowadays has a way of pushing people in fashion to always wear something new and I have learned that this is something that people are very much aware of, but nothing is being done about it. Every time I would share my project with people their response would always be the same- agreeing that there is a lack of conscious consumerism. However, the taboo of repeating outfits is overpowering the will to do something about it. This is why I hope this project inspires others to shop consciously and to let go of the notion that following trends for the sake of social acceptance is not necessary.   What is next for you?  I have a couple of other projects that I am working on. I am also trying to focus on launching another collection for my brand Point Off View. Models Hailey Baldwin and Winnie Harlow have always stood out among a sea of look-a-like models, whether it be for their personality, spirituality, and/or activism. They have always shined on their own, and now, together, they will shine as global ambassadors of Tommy Hilfiger's Tommy Icons women's collection. Of course, this was to be expected. Both models wore gowns by the American designer to this year's Met Gala and have walked several of his shows in the past. They follow in the footsteps of Gigi Hadid, Formula 1 driver Lewis Hamilton, and tennis champion Rafael Nadal. No doubt we'll be seeing these images everywhere.  But of course, we're a while away from approaching autumn, but luckily, we've secured exclusive sneak peeks just for you. Below, a couple of backstage snaps from the Tommy Icons campaign shoot.  Palomo Spain has made a name for itself as a brand that refuses to be confined to harsh gender norms. This, plus an endorsement from Queen Bey and Harry Styles, and a generous dash of fashion borrowing, and you have yourself a successful modern-day label. Unconventionality and subversion have been hefty contributors to the Madrid-based fashion house's winning formula, so it should come as no surprise that they would channel that same wild spirit for its Fall/Winter 2018 ad campaign. In the images, photographer and longtime collaborator Kito Muñoz followed a gang of models around Madrid, some on all fours and leashed, others lounging around on the ground close to nearby monuments like the Capitol Building and the Puerta de Alcalá. One of the photographs is particularly interesting, as it clearly references this image of Salvador Dalí taking his anteater for a stroll in Paris.  In a new collaboration, Italian footwear brand Superga teams up with NYC-based artist Dana Veraldi, who launched her line DEERDANA in 2007. Ever since, her signature, line-drawn sketches of pop culture icons printed on a crisp white tee have percolated into every closet south of 14th street. For those paying attention, Superga, too, has started conquering the feet of fashion’s coolest, which makes this pair ideal. Unlike downtown, Dana’s designs for Superga feature the creepy crawlers one can find only in suburbia or forests; ants, bees, snakes, and worms cover the three unique designs. Channeling the shirts that launched her business, each shoe is entirely white, but with a gum sole. It all harkens back to naive years of childhood, when playing in the backyard with friends or climbing up a tree was the only form of entertainment.   The promotional video taps into that playful spirit, too; everyone involved is a close personal friend. The boys featured are Miles Garber and David Gagliardi, of the band Swimsuit Issue, and the girls are Veraldi’s interns. Friends Ian Bradley and Maggie Mondanile both contributed too, on styling and makeup, respectively. LA-based crew EIR Studio filmed and edited the video. It’s simple and cute — very much like the collaboration.   So what are you waiting for? Step right in.   A label everyone is watching closely since the inception of Raf Simons as the chief creative officer, Calvin Klein 205W39NYC has just unveiled its Pre-Fall 2018 collection. The main line under the Calvin Klein family and the brainchild of Raf Simons, the 205W39NYC collection, is one that continuously showcases Raf's vision and aesthetics of the "New Americana." For this season, Raf has, once again, engaged two organisations to further realise his vision: The Andy Warhol Foundation for
the Visual Arts and Pendleton Woolen Mills. Part of Calvin Klein's ongoing collaboration with The Andy Warhol Foundation for
the Visual Arts, this collection features a series of printed styles that revives many of Andy Warhol masterpieces. Among them are the vivid iconic Warhol florals and images of the American flag lensed in stark black and white against open skies, all of which are incorporated into the men's and women's collection. From men's tank tops and denim in the American flag print to the black-and-white floral print on bags and boots, the marriage between Warhol and Calvin Klein is one we are most excited for every season. (See the collection's lookbook in gallery below) Andy Warhol aside, this Pre-Fall 2018 also witnessed the birth of another ongoing partnership between Calvin Klein and American heritage brand Pendleton Woolen Mills. First worked into a series of saddle blankets, the craftsmanship of Pendleton Woolen Mills has now been translated into ready-to-wear in forms of outerwear and bags for both men's and women's. Applauded as the one representing the mythology of American cowboys, Native Americans, settlers, coeds, skaters and The Beach Boys alike, the masterpieces born between the two marks the perfect ideology of "New Americana". (See the collection's lookbook in gallery below) Since his appointment in 2016, Raf continues to challenge conventional mindsets of fashion – a visionary that is not afraid to marry provocative creativity (from the likes of Warhol) with American tradition and heritage (that of Pendleton and the house of Calvin Klein itself); all whilst breaking every rule in the fashion game. And who better to bring life to the collection than Raf's longtime collaborators: Belgian stylist Olivier Rizzo and photographer Willy Vanderperre who shot the collection in a barn-like setting that continues the story from its Spring/Summer 2018 campaign. All in all, the key message is simple – to bring light to the world of the American spirit! The Calvin Klein 205W39NYC Pre-Fall 2018 collection will be arriving in select Calvin Klein stores worldwide in the coming weeks. Visit www.calvinklein.com for more. Images by Willy Vanderperre for Calvin Klein 205W39NYC. The concept of a pop-up store has its histroy tied to luxury fashion. Back in 2004, Rei Kawakubo opened one of the first pop-up shops (if not the first) for Comme des Garçons in Berlin, prompting a wave of even more guerilla-style marketing. Fast-forward to 2018 and the pop-up store has singlehandedly taken over the mainstream consciousness, with beauty brands and concert merch joining in on the fun. Of course, in the name of differentiation, luxury labels have been presented with a challenge when it comes to retaining exclusivity while being up-to-date, so instead of opening up pop-up shops at any old storefront, they have decided to capitlize on the idea of destination pop-ups. For example, Chanel has announced it will be planting temporary roots in Saint-Tropez for the summer, and now, Dior revealed it will be popping up on the Greek isle of Mykonos from June 15 to October 15 at the Nammos shopping village. It's an exciting moment for both Dior and Mykonos considering the French fashion house has no permanent boutique on the island. As WWD reports, Mykonos has played a part in the brand's history; several dresses bear names such as Athènes, Corfou and Rhodes. The shop will feature an exclusive Mykonos-branded capsule collection made up of book totes, bodysuits, sweaters, caravats, pareos, and jewelry, some emblazoned with the slogan "J'ADIOR Mykonos." Pieces from Dior's fall collection will also be available for purchase.  It’s no secret that Gucci’s Alessandro Michele has an affinity for Old Hollywood film stars. At the top of 2018, the designer created a custom look for Lana Del Rey at the 2018 Grammys, channeling actress Hedy Lamarr's character in the 1941 film Ziegfeld Girl. Now, Michele has moved on from inspiration and begun tapping them for his campaigns. Look no further than Gucci’s new timepiece and jewelry ads, which star American actress and former model Tippi Hedren.   Hedren is best known for her roles in Alfred Hitchcock’s legendary thrillers The Birds and Marnie. The campaign sees her and fellow Gucci models posing for photographer Colin Dodgson as they sit around a crystal ball — luckily, no birds in sight. At 88 years old, Hedren decidedly holds her own against her younger counterparts, proving that just like a good piece of jewelry, she is timeless. Celebrities usually play it safe on the Cannes Film Festival red carpet. Adhering to a familiar formula, fashion houses create dozens of haute couture dresses for invitees, while jewelry houses lend out pieces from their high jewelry lines. All of this lasts nearly two weeks, every evening, without any days off. This year, however, a new bold trend has emerged on the Côte d'Azur, one that's causing everyone to think pink. The color, it would seem, is complex, but, on the other hand, the choice is logical: not many shades look favorably against the background of red carpeting, but pink just works.  Below, our favorite pink dresses from Cannes 2018: After disrupting the entire makeup industry, Rihanna has set her sights on lingerie — watch out Victoria’s Secret. The newly announced Savage x Fenty has something for everyone, of every size and color, and Vogue got the details.   For starters, the collection is broken up into four capsules, and in total includes 90 items. The main line, On the Reg, sees everyday bras and underwear. For lace lovers, there’s the U Cute line, many of which Rihanna has been teasing on social. Looking for something edgier? That would be the Damn line, and for the super adventurous there’s Black Widow — yes, there is even a pair of Savage x Fenty handcuffs.   Mirroring Rihanna’s makeup line, there are nudes in every shade — retailers take note. Sizes run from 32A - 44DD, and XS - 3XL.   All items are priced below $100 making them affordable and accessible to the masses. Bras range from $39 to $59, underwears from $14.50 to $29. For $50, customers can join the membership program, which allows early access to sales, limited-edition items, and free shipping, both ways. Miuccia Prada is canon in the industry. As the youngest granddaughter of Mario Prada, she now helms both the eponymous brand and its subsidiary, Miu Miu.  The Italian billionaire designer and businesswoman celebrates 69 years today, as one of the most influential names in fashion. For the occasion, we've selected five rare facts about Prada's co-chief executive officer and creative director.  1. She holds a PhD in Political Science from the University of Milan 2. She joined the Italian Communist Party when she took over the family business 3. She is married to her business partner, Patrizio Bertelli, who became the co-Chief Executive Officer of Prada and Miu Miu. 4. She had a brief flirtation with the performing arts training as a mime, having performed several times at La Scala Opera House in Milan 5. She's worth 4.3 billion USD in 2018, according to Forbes For the past 72 years, the Cannes Film Festival has become known for its elegant movie premieres and fabulous red carpet, lasting an average of 10 to 12 days on the Côte d'Azur. Throughout its decade-spanning run, there have been several historic moments that have impacted similar-but-different creative realms. As the list of guests expanded and became more diverse, so too did the dress code, transforming the festival's conservative past into an arena where freedom of speech and expression can reign free. Ahead, several bright moments from Cannes dating all the way back to 1953.      Lupita Nyong'o Brigitte Bardot was only 18 years old when she first appeared on the Cannes red carpet. By that time. she had five films in her portfolio, including Act of Love, for which she had attended the festival. But her roles weren't exactly her claim to fame and popularity, but rather a series of photos taken on the beaches of the Côte d'Azur that elevated her status to that of an icon.  Like any international cultural happening, Cannes gradually began to perform another function—namely a more political one—marked by the visit of Princess Margaret (sister of Queen Elizabeth II) in 1966. She was the first Windsor to attend Cannes, where she took in the premiere of the comedic spy-fi film Modesty Blaise which was filmed in the UK. Photographer and director of the Getty Images archive Bob Ahern—who has worked at the festival for more than 20 years—recalls that Cannes has always been fairly conservative, especially when it comes to its strict code of dress. However, this began to change gradually come the early 90's. "Nobody could change Madonna," he says of the singer's appearance on the red carpet in 1991. The pop provocateur showed up in a white silk Jean-Paul Gaultier ensemble, which included the French designer's ingenious conical-shaped bra.  Sharon Stone's appearance on the red carpet in 1995 for the screening of Isaac Mizrahi's Unzipped marked a turning point in Cannes fashion. Wearing a sequined romper under a billowing, unbuttoned skirt.  Models and actresses have walked the red carpet of Cannes for the last 30 years, but in 1996, there was a slight change in tradition, when the event became a photo shoot. Czech model Eva Herzigová struck a variety of poses as she was lifted onto a gentleman's shoulders (and atop a ladder), perched above the crowd of photographers, notably among them, the legendary Helmut Newton, who orchestrated the whole thing. At Cannes 2008, Angelina Jolie announced her pregnancy while on the red carpet with then-husband Brad Pitt. Two months later, she gave birth to twins Knox and Vivienne in the neighboring city of Nice. In 2014, Salma Hayek, along with actors from the film The Expendables, walked out onto the red carpet with signs reading "Bring back our girls," using their moment to bring awareness to the abduction of 300 schoolgirls from the Nigerian city of Chibok.  There isn't quite a logical explanation for this, but most likely, the Cannes Film Festival administration want to raise a level of prestige during the festival. It will be interesting to see what will happen to the actors who dare to violate this ban.      After being named Chanel's ambassador at this year's Oscars, Australian actress Margot Robbie's first campaign for the historic French fashion house has finally debuted in the form of Chanel Coco Neige—a collection made for both outdoor activities and winter sports. It's a fitting pun considering the actress played notorious ice skater Tonya Harding in one of the buzziest films of the year: I, Tonya. Get it? Ice. Snow.  Shot by Karl Lagerfeld, the image shows Robbie as a chic, Lagerfeld muse version of a snow queen. Set against a picturesque blue sky wearing standout pieces from the collection: a cozy white knit sweater layered under a mustard turtleneck and a Chanel tweed-lined winter flap hat. The range is set to be available at Chanel boutiques starting this July until August, along with the Fall/Winter 2018. Summer may have just begun, but Robbie and Lagerfeld have us praying for snow.  “There are two aspects of Catholicism [and dress],” Andrew Bolton, curator in charge of the Costume Institute at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, mused at an advanced preview of the museum’s latest fashion exhibit, Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination. “One is this idea of spectacle and opulence being a manifestation of one’s faith and beauty. And the other one is the same approach with the idea of simplicity.” When the theme was announced in November, many critics wondered exactly what aspect the Met would attempt to explore—the influence of religious dress on society? The aesthetic influence of the church in high fashion? Or, as Bolton discussed, the duality of dress within the ranks of the church itself, which sees nuns and priests adopting modest wares, while the Pope exudes decadence. As it so happens, Heavenly Bodies makes a stab at doing it all. Being a Costume Institute show, designers were always going to play a major role, and there was no shortage of examples to choose from (a staggering 150 looks made it into the exhibit). Iconic works from John Galliano, Versace, and Jean-Paul Gaultier are featured prominently in the Medieval and Byzantine art galleries of the Met. Ranging from modest wares inspired by nun habits, to more theatrical offerings from McQueen, viewers certainly get a sense of how designers interpret references and themes and translate them into thoughtful collections and pieces—commenting on the aesthetic nature of the church, and its wealth of iconography. Otherwise, there is a bit of a disconnect between space and subject. Will the average viewer really get why there are a bunch of mannequins in one of the museum’s most central rooms? Sure, if they take the time to read. But the display of fashion feels a bit forced. That is, until, one sees the exhibit portion held at the Met Cloisters, where Heavenly Bodies truly shines. Utilizing the museum itself to great theatrical effect, the show is able to bring out the best of its theme by focusing on the artistry of the fashion itself—and by carefully curating how the ensembles fill each room. Balenciaga’s couture bride gazing up at Jesus on the cross; caped Valentino figures hovering in a stone courtyard; gorgeously patterned McQueen dresses set in front of centuries-old tapestries. It is haunting, ethereal, and an absolutely stunning marriage that brings out the artistry of the designers, and the world around it. Of course, the Met’s biggest highlight is held back at its Fifth Avenue location: vestments on loan from the Vatican itself. In what will likely be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for many, getting an up-close-and-personal look at some of the church’s most prized pieces. The intricate embroideries and jewels worn by Popes are enough to put much of the couture on view at last night’s Met Gala to shame (although Rihanna managed to capture the essence of Papal opulence with ease). There is a level of decadence and lavishness that proves fashion has been an important element of Catholicism for centuries. It’s enough to make one wonder if we—the followers of the church of High Fashion—still have some catching up to do. These rimless Oliver People's sunglasses suit every occassion, whether you're hanging out at Santa Monica Piers or throwing it back at a basement party. The vintage design also has tinted lenses — checking off all the latest trends.  Get it, here.  For its latest Spring collection, the California brand takes inspiration from Nirvana lead singer Kurt Cobain's oval-shaped sunnies. Garrrett Leight reimagines the iconic design and constructs it into an octagonal shape. The Jacqueline sunglasses are available in tortoiseshell, red, and white. Have at it.  Get it, here.  If you want to match with RiRi and the Hadids without going broke, then these square-framed lenses are perfect. Le Specs teamed up with NY-based designer Adam Selman for these Matrix-style sunglasses. The squared lenses are also fitted on the side — we're not sure what purpose they serve, but they definitely add a cool factor.  Get it, here.  Encased in a discount shop packaging, it's easy to mistake these for a pair you find at the nearest convenient store. These colorful shades are actually a collaboration between eyewear brand MYKITA and London-based fashion designer Martine Rose. Giving a nod to the '90s dance scene, the KIIT sunglasses come in antique red, new lime, royal blue, and black. The collab is launching mid-May in selected MYKITA stores (Dover Street Market) and online.  If you’re anything like me, you began curating your jet-set wardrobe the minute the temperatures hit below zero. Planning for warmer weather in the depths of winter always makes it feel like summer is around the corner—or so I like to tell myself. But finally, it is! As temperatures increase and April showers cease, it’s time to shop for warmer days. Easy, throw-on dresses, slinky silks, and chic layering pieces will prepare you for any trip you’ve planned for your summer holiday. And if you’re staying put? Let the clothes transport you. We’ve rounded up the newest and coolest resort wear brands to shop now. Ilaria Top, $285, available at Ciao! Lucia.  Jane Macrame High Waist Skirt, $375, available at Jaline Resort. Pico Puff Sleeve Blouse, $295, available at Loup Charmant.  Kaftan No.15, $798, available at Pippa Holt.  Eva Dress Mushroom, $425, available at Rhode Resort.  Spritz Blouse, $280, available at Merlette.  The Shore Kimono, $815, available at Worme.  Brigitte Flower Print Maxi Dress, $320, available at Sleeper. The Slim Pareo, $38, available at Par en Par.  Tansy Dress, $285, available at Dôen.  Fashion may be showing no signs of hopping off the collaboration bandwagon, but one brand is doing things differently. Helmut Lang has produced a new range of t-shirts, posters, and special objects marking the fourth installment of its collaborative Artist Series, where 15 percent of proceeds from each will go to the charity of the artist's choosing. Its most recent release will feature the work of photographer Leigh Ledare, namely his 2008 series "Personal Commissions," for which he answered "Women Seeking Men" ads placed by women seeking companionship.   "I commisioned (these women) to direct and photograph me however they desired—or however they assumed I desired them to desire me," Ledare stated in a press release. "These individuals were revealed nonetheless through the affects of their decor, their decisions in directing me, and their initial ads, which served as their own self-description into this economy of desire." Ledare's chosen charity—the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU)—will receive 15 percent of proceeds from sales. The range features t-shirts, sweaters, and posters bearing Ledare's photographs and quotes from the series. Fashion for a cause? Yes, please.  The collection is available to shop now at Helmut Lang.  Stockholm-based, cult fashion brand Acne Studios is once again giving you the chance to shop its archives in an exclusive online pop-up shop. The site, titled Acne Archive, will launch Tuesday, April 24 and is set to offer a wide range of handpicked Acne Studios classics, showpieces, and exclusives from previous collections—all up to 75% off. The announcement comes a year later, after the success of Acne's initial Archive online pop-up which debuted in October 2017.  But alas, despite all the excitement, there is a catch. The pop-up will only be accessible for 48 hours, meaning come April 26, the website will disappear into oblivion or something like that. So mark your calendars and secure your coins accordingly. We know we will.    Catch highlights from the sale below.  To shoot the campaign for his Spring 2018 collection with adidas, Season 3, Alexander Wang and his cadre of models friends, alongside photographer Brianna Capozzi and stylist Haley Wollens, trekked across the desert to Coachella with nothing more than adidas factory rejects. Trading clothing for food and gas, they made it while stopping to shoot campaign along the way. A quick click through this season's drop will tell you that the poncho will surely be a hit during summer music festivals. Expect your feeds to be flooded accordingly.  Shop the collection here.  Riffing off of the classic pajama, this Alexander McQueen top is a sultry take on outdoor loungewear. Adorned with a gothic monogram, this shirt puts the pow in power play. Get it here.  Tie dyed silk? The high-brow material gets a retro flair by Sies Marjan Creative Director Sander Lak as he adds a brilliant blue to his color-packed collections. It’s easy, it’s breezy, and yes, it’s beautiful. Get it here.  In the office, at the party, on the runway, make a bold statement in this Bottega Veneta chartreuse silk top with crystal clasps. The shirt’s brilliant hue pairs well with dark jeans or midi skirts. Don’t forget the candlestick.    Get it here.  This Michael Kors shirt gives a new definition to zebra print. Set against a turquoise background, a horde of zebras bring a surreal flair to the otherwise neat and relaxed silhouette, perfect for a safari. You’ll make it through the wilderness. Get it here. This Gucci pattern is reminiscent of old parchment, wax seals, and 18th century typography. Drawing on the collection’s theme of mystery and hypnotism, this short-sleeved silk staple adds an alchemical vibe to your summer wardrobe. Get it here. Following his collection with Helmut Lang, Hood by Air founder Shayne Oliver now taps into the French luxury accessory brand Longchamp for an exclusive capsule collection. Shayne Oliver transforms Longchamp's iconic Le Pliage bag into a millenial pink color, and inscriptions of words like "Hiatus" and "Realness." His designs are also reimagined on other leather goods, T-shirts, and jackets. Longchamp by Shayne Oliver drops on May 4 at select Longchamp stores and online.  When it comes to dressing for Coachella, Rihanna is a certified pro. Last year saw the entertainer and fashion icon rocking an impressive Matthew Adams Dolan denim number and a Gucci crystal-embellished full-body sock. Naturally, RiRi turned the volume up, even more, this year. For day 1, she rocked a two-piece white leather outfit embellished with Chrome Hearts buckle, straps, and buttons. On day 3, the star opted for a Gucci ski-mask and show-stopping crystal chandelier earrings. But it was day 2's head-to-toe Y/Project ensemble that stole the show, a camel-colored dream of voluminous fabric worn with those infamous thigh-high Ugg boots from Fall 2018. “Putting on UGGs is like putting your foot in a warm pot of butter," Y/Project's designer Glenn Martens said of the collaboration. "I thought why not elevate that and immerse your full legs!” It was a stroke of genius that further fueled debates around the role of ugliness in luxury fashion. However, given Rihanna's inimitable ability to create jaw-dropping fashion moments, the word ugly suddenly disappears. As the saying goes, "It's ugly until Rihanna decides it's not."  Only 21 years old but with more than 10 years of movie experience, Chloë Grace Moretz speaks the language of Hollywood like a pro, with that prolix mix of politeness and enthusiasm. She’s currently in the midst of a public breakup with Brooklyn Beckham, has 14.1 million followers on Instagram, and gives off the the impression of being a girl from a good family, wiser than one would believe. The February day on which we meet in a cold but sunny Milan, Chloë Grace Moretz comes flanked by her big brother with a cool California-kid vibe, Trevor Duke-Moretz. Her “coach” and also her mentor, Trevor is himself an actor, notably in Kick-Ass 2 and Equalizer. Perhaps he gave his sister a taste for comedy. This taste has been to her benefit: A handful of years and more than 60 films, TV movies, and TV shows later, the youngest Moretz is at the top of her game. According to Time magazine, she was one of 2016’s most influential teens (along with Kylie Jenner and Jaden Smith). And she’s sure to be the star of 2018 with her four feature films scheduled to arrive in theatres this year, including the remake of Dario Argento’s film Suspiria directed by Luca Guadagnino, as well as The Miseducation of Cameron Post directed by Desiree Akhavan, in which she trades lines with Sasha Lane. On February 22, the two young women sat front row at the Fendi Fall 2018 fashion show, alongside phenomenal aspiring twin pop stars Lisa and Lena, 15, who debuted on the app Musical.ly and are already as influential as their elders, born in the late 1990s. You were front row at the Fendi show. Is the house familiar to you? Of course. My mother has been wearing Fendi since…my God, she was already wearing it before I was born. At home, we have plenty of vintage Fendi bags, including a circular model with the famous FF that must be from the 1990s. I particularly appreciate Fendi because a lot of what Karl and Silvia put into their collections is linked to the notion of family…and family is a big deal in my life. And then, without fashion in cinema, we would just be a plain and unadorned group of actors wandering around a set. For me, clothing allows you to feel different, to be able to change skins and to show an unknown part of yourself. It’s both exciting and fun.   You grew up in Los Angeles, where cinema, music, and art are ubiquitous. In what way has this city nourished the woman and the actress that you are? Los Angeles is constant activity. All of the things that go on there open your mind and change the way you see things. There are performances 24 hours a day, in things like circus arts and other types of performance that are less familiar elsewhere. From the beach to Silver Lake, it’s a completely different atmosphere…everything is at your fingertips. This city, your city, do you still see it as the capital of cinema?  Of course. If you take a drive in L.A., you’ll find Paramount Studios, then Warner Bros., Universal. All these places are full of history. Paramount, in particular: When you linger there, you can cross paths (in a dream) with Audrey Hepburn. Much of West Hollywood and its bungalows have been preserved since the 1930s-1940s, the heyday of Hollywood’s golden age. It’s always inspiring to live there, knowing that history is here, right next to you. In the last few months, many things have changed in the film industry, particularly with the advent of the Time’s Up movement. How do you position yourself? When you have experienced a story as terrible as those we have heardabout, you feel alone, you feel that no one else knows what you are goingthrough. Many were silent for this reason, until they realized that otheractresses had experienced similar things. The most important thing is tomake people accept responsibility and to create a support network that allows everyone to feel taken care of. With a support network, it’s so much easier to get back on set. Since you started in TV, what do you think about its role today? The TV show format has allowed many filmmakers to adjust their way of doing things and to see cinema from a different perspective. It is possible, in an hour-long episode, to dwell on a snippet of someone’s life—such a scene would inevitably be cut short in a 90-minute movie. Acting in a TV show allows you to land, to breathe—and to be able to show and project different facets of a character on screen.   Tell us about your upcoming projects... I’ve filmed with Neil Jordan for The Widow, with Isabelle Huppert, and with Luca Guadagnino for Suspiria, with Tilda Swinton. As for comedy, I’m taking time this year to produce my own projects. A little pop psychology to finish: What can we find on your bedside table? A lot of water—I drink a lot of water—and glasses, too. Books. I am curently reading a book of poetry, The Sun and Her Flowers by Rupi Kaur, it’s a little dark but very beautiful. My phone charging, a small bowl with my jewelry, and Diptyque candles.   If you could travel back in time, what period would you choose?  I often dream of traveling back in time…then I think about the status of women in the past, the difficulties they had in defending their rights. From a cinematographic, aesthetic point of view, I would love to understand the 1920s, but not from a political point of view.   If you could come back as somebody else, who would that be?  Cher, because she is a real badass.The coolest of all, in my opinion. Or maybe Barbra Streisand. Makeup Mai Quynh  Hair Jennifer Yepez  Photo assistants Cesare Maragnano and Margherita Nardi  Stylist assistant Gabriela Cambero  Marc Jacobs and Anna Sui are known to be best friends since their days at Parsons School of Design, and now the two have finally decided to venture into an exclusive collaboration. A fresh take on designer collabs, the Marc Jacobs x Anna Sui collection will prominently feature iconic illustrations by renowned artist Will Broome, who has created new characters for the project. From Miss and Mister Marc cartoons (playfully portraying Sui and Jacobs), to Jacobs's dog Neville, the collection of bags, shoes, and accessories is the perfect representation of the duo's friendship – fun, candid, and colorful. The Marc Jacobs x Anna Sui collection will debut worldwide at the designers's selected stores and on marcjacobs.com and annasui.com from May 16.  Talk about trippy: Gucci has launched a limited edition capsule collection featuring the artworks from its Spring 2018 campaign, created by Gucci collaborator Ignasi Monreal. Aptly called #GucciHallucination, the Italian brand's new collection introduces a colorful line-up of sweatshirts and T-shirts in nine designs each, all showcasing the dreamy digital illustrations of the Spanish artist.  Available exclusively on Gucci.com, the collection also comes in extremely limited numbers: there are only 200 pieces for each T-shirt design, and 100 for each sweatshirt design. Every item from the collection is also labelled with its own number, and will be delivered with a special packaging bearing Monreal's work.   Discover the full collection in the gallery below: Issue 2 is on newsstands now. Subscribe to our newsletter to find out when you can order your copy online. For many, Louis Vuitton is a name synonymous with the French house’s monogrammed leather goods, the initials of its founder having been emblazoned on everything from steamer trunks to punching bags. To be sure, since its founding in 1854, Louis Vuitton’s offerings have expanded to include not only the bespoke luggage and accessories originally created at Vuitton’s workshop in the Paris Commune of Asnières-Sur-Seine (which is still in operation today), but also a diverse range of accessories, fragrances, and ready-to-wear—not to mention some of fashion’s most coveted collaborations, such as the house’s 2017 partnership with the Soho-based cult skateboard apparel company Supreme. While Louis Vuitton continues to expand its offerings, the same attention to detail and focus on craftsmanship that made its founder’s creations the talk of the haute société over 150 years ago are still very much at the heart of the house’s mission today. Nowhere is this more apparent than in Louis Vuitton’s range of exotic leather goods. Given that each skin can vary from piece to the next—whether that be in the pattern of python scales or the character traits of ostrich skin—every exotic bag that is produced at the Asnières atelier is truly one-of-a-kind. Importantly, though, tradition is always open to interpretation, as with Louis Vuitton’s women’s artistic director Nicolas Ghesquière’s interpretation of their classic trunk. A chic, miniaturized take on the formidable luggage of the Gilded Age, the Petite Malle—available in exotic skin—is the perfect hybrid of tradition, craftsmanship, and 21st-century élan. Other classic styles available in the exotic line include the imminently chic Capucine (named after the first Louis Vuitton store on rue Neuve-des-Capucines), not to mention the Twist and the City Steamer. And, to celebrate that tradition of craftsmanship, the House will be exhibiting its “Time Capsule” at Los Angeles’ Westfield Century City Mall, highlighting Louis Vuitton’s history through a curated selection of rare items from its archives. In conjunction to that, and also in Los Angeles, the Louis Vuitton “Savoir Faire” experience brings together a collection of unique and custom products that will be available for purchase by invitation only, including their offering of exotic goods. To be sure, the exotic collection is not for the shy. But then again, when you’re trying to make a statement, why not take a walk on the wild side. Louis Vuitton’s “Time Capsule” will be open from May 18 to June 10 at Los Angeles’ Westfield Century City.  Airport style is about to have a major upgrade. Streetwear brand Supreme unveiled its latest collaboration with everyone's favorite suitcase brand, RIMOWA. And it's honestly the perfect collab. RIMOWA luggages are meant to be decorated with travel stickers — so instead of pasting a Supreme sticker on it, why not brand it (and bump up the price)? A Supreme X RIMOWA carry on costs $1,600 and a larger 82L case costs $1,800. Though they're priced at a much steeper price than the usual RIMOWA luggages, it's no doubt that hype travelers will want to add this to their Supreme memorabilia.  The collection drops April 12 at Supreme.  Photography Hao Zeng Fashion Julian Antetomaso Alex wears Hat Giorgio Armani Clothing Missoni From Left: Sofia wears clothing gloves Calvin Klein 205W39NYC Alex wears dress and gloves Erdem Madelane wears dress Off-White, gloves Marc Jacobs From Left Madelane wears shirt and sunglasses Prada Sofia wears top and sunglasses Louis Vuitton From Left Madelane wears clothing Marni, shoes Stuart Weitzman Alex wears clothing Proenza Schouler, shoes Stuart Weitzman Sofia wears dress, choker, shoes Kenzo Makeup Deanna Melluso (See Management)  Hair Naivasha Johnson (Exclusive Artists) using Oribe Haircare Models Alex Mark (Silent Models), Madelane de Jesus (Next Models), Sofia Sanoh (Muse) Location The 1896, Studios & Stages Photography by Matin Zad Styling by Stella Evans Makeup Ingeborg using DIOR Models Paris Reid and Olimpia Dior Choreographer and Photography Assistant Olimpia Dior Stylist Assistant Alexander Picon This Paco Rabanne bag is a wearable art piece. The chrome-colored Element Mini Box wraps around your wrist and has a hard, box-like exterior. If the flashy color isn't your thing, it also comes in black.  Get it here. Hunting Season has grown in the likes of Olivia Palermo, Emily Ratajkowski, and Sienna Miller, either on the red carpet or on beach holidays. Not only is this mini tote the perfect size for a weekend day out, it's also just the bright green color you need for spring.  Get it here.  LOÉIL is a Los Angeles-based brand that's both affordable and ethically conscious (almost all the bags sold on its site is under $100). The drawstring bucket bag is made of synthetic leather and comes in two colors: yellow and purple. The bag's wristlet strap can be detached and swapped with an adjustable shoulder strap.  Get it here.  A new accessory addition for Chloé, the half-moon sillouhette gives a fresher look than the usual bags — do we see a potential accessory trend coming? Even better, the Nile mini purse can also be worn over the shoulder with the strap provided.  Get it here.  Gucci never fails to impress when it comes to bringing back the 80's style in trend. The Italian brand took inspiration from the gaming realm and collaborated with the game console brand, SEGA, for its "Guccy" logo.  Get it here.  Photography Jack Maffucci Stylist Sam Weir   Makeup Mia Varrone Hair Jinn Models Audrey Acosta (Wilhelmina) and Misty Downs (IMG)  Photo Assistants Tao Antrim and Luis Dejesus Stylists Assistants Annika Moorea and Daniela Garza See the entire campaign, below.  Selena Gomez has established herself as an actress, a singer, and most recently, as fashion ambassador. She has two collections with luxury label Coach under her belt and has just launched another collaboration with mega-sportswear brand Puma in the form of the Phenom Lux sneaker: a smooth white shoe with gold accents and a removable ankle chain. With the news comes a gorgeous ad campaign inspired by The Big Apple. Gomez appears perched atop a yellow New York City taxicab, with smoke and studio lights littered in the background. Along with the Phenom Lux, she also wears a pair of sheer windowpane socks, which she designed. "I spent a lot of time creating a sock that felt comfortable, chic, and fun,” she told Vogue in a phone interview. “My hair, my clothes, my shoes—it’s always a reflection of what I’m feeling for that day." Evidently, Gomez is really feeling sneakers (and so are we).  The Phenom Lux sneaker will be available at Puma stores and online April 6.  See the campaign images, below.  Guillame Philibert, founder and creative director of Filling Pieces, was an architecture student at 16 and a founder of a luxury footwear brand by 19. His sneakers have since reached the Hadids and Chris Brown, along with collaborations with MR PORTER and Puma. But Philibert has a vision that extends beyond sneakers as he launches the brand's first ready-to-wear colllection with Barneys New York. For his debut outside footwear, the young designer brought back his passion for architecture. "The collection is based on a personal moment I had when I came to New York for the first time, I was 16 at that age, and I was already studying architecture," said Philibert. He drew inspiration from his trip to Guggenheim in New York and paid homage to the museum's legendary architect, Frank Lloyd Wright. "The Guggenheim was built under the design ideology called 'form follows function.' An ideology where the function of the building or piece is actually more important than the aesthetic."  This idea is reimagined in the collection through bomber jackets with sunglasses pockets, a varsity jacket (that could work as a dress shirt), and cut-up images of Guggenheim museum on hoodies and t-shirts. And for his ready-to-wear debut, the brand chose Canadian R&B duo Majid Jordan as the face of the collection with Barneys.  The Dutch designer talked to us about his love for Majid Jordan and an upcoming collaboration with adidas Originals designer, Daniëlle Cathari:    What was the transition like from designing footwear to designing clothes?  It was very difficult. We’ve been designing footwear for nine years. With footwear, we have four factories that can make any shoes we want, but with clothing it’s so limited because each factory specializes in outerwear, another specializes in jerseys and t-shirts. But I had the right people helping me on this. For example, Daniellë Cathari is helping me with a future collection. We brought together a team that could execute this in the right way.   With Cathari in the picture, do you think you will potentially design a womenswear collection?  At the end of the day, I love the aesthetic and the look of women in general, and how they dress, I think that they’re so elegant. But I do feel that we live in a market right now, especially in the fashion industry, where it’s very unisex. When I brought back some pieces home, all of a sudden my fiancée was wearing my jacket [laughs]. And I really feel that it’s the future of fashion. Daniellë has a very unisex style as well, and I think that’s what I want to focus on. So, I’m not specifically planning for a womenswear collection, but maybe in the future. For now, I want to make pieces that are more universal.   Streetwear certainly has the most versatile style in the industry. Streetwear became so important and I think that we started with footwear at the right time, and we’re happy to translate that aesthetic within ready-to-wear.   Why did you choose Majid Jordan as the face of the launch?  I’ve been into their music from the early days, since they brought out the tape titled afterhours. They have a song called “Hold Tight,” and I remember listening to that song and being completely into their music — I’ve been such a huge fan of them since. When the campaign came out, we need a face for the collection. We’re a smaller company so we don’t have like “Kendall Jenner” money. We need to find artists and people that inspire me, and Majid Jordan’s music inspires me. It felt so natural to see them in our clothing, especially since they’ve also been wearing our shoes for a while. We reached out to their team and said, “listen guys, we have a campaign planned, we have a collection with Barneys coming out.” The way they make music is like bridging between electronic and R&B, which is very similar to what we do, bridging high-end fashion and streetwear. They bring people together with music, while we bring people together with the products that we make and the vision that we have.   The collection is available exclusively in stores at Barneys New York, Los Angeles, and on Barneys.com. See the campaign images with Majid Jordan shot by Steven Taylor, below:  Hair: Ashley Rubell at Bernstein & Andriulli Makeup: Stephanie Peterson at Art Dept. Set design: Alex Brannian at Art Dept. Model: Dasha Maletina at The Lions NY Out of the many words one can use to describe Supreme's collaborations, unexpected is one of them. From its elusive partnership with Louis Vuitton in 2017 to its collection of t-shirts made with New York graffiti artist Futura, anything goes for the American skateboarding brand when it comes to choosing a creative counterpart. And in keeping with that same spirit of unexpectedness, the brand has just announced their latest venture with legendary photographer Nan Goldin.  Goldin is famous for her photographs that brilliantly capture the rebellious spirit and characters of Bohemian New York City in the 1970s and 80s, which have influenced the fields of photography and art thanks to their ability to express nuances of human sexuality and gender, while simultaneously appealing to more universal themes of loss, love, and life.  "I did it for the children," she told British Vogue. "I’m looking forward to seeing teenagers skating on my images and wearing them. To my mind, people have become so conservative, especially the millennials— it's like the 1960s never happened—so I like the idea of them being exposed to my real world." Supreme also feels the same way, and also recognize the activist component of her work. “It comes from an era where the subjects she documented were taboo by society’s standards," the brand expressed in a statement. "To do this project with Nan Goldin is to celebrate the diversity her work represents and expose young people to it.” A much-needed celebration, indeed.  Nan Goldin x Supreme is available in stores and online March 29.  At the intersection of art and fashion, shoe label Gray Matters aims to make women's footwear less traditional by incorporating the least expected material – marble. Using ancient Carrara marble sourced from Italy, the brand’s designs reimagine typical women's footwear – standard heels are replaced with lightweight marble cubes and geometric blocks, while classic silhouettes are innovated through leathers and suedes in eye-catching colors. By collaborating with painters, sculptors, and artists, including Pari Ehsan and Fernando Mastrangelo, Gray Matters’s Spring 2018 collection transcends expectation. Launched in 2016 by designer Silvia Avanzi, Gray Matters is influenced by Silvia’s native Italy and her adoptive city of New York, both rich in art and history. She cites the architecture of the new Whitney Museum designed by Renzo Piano, the Noguchi Museum’s Fernando Gonzalez exhibition, and the strong design culture in Milan, as sources of great inspiration. Made by three generations of expert shoemakers in Venice, the brand uses geometry, organic shapes, and unique textures to reinterpret the mid-height heel. With quirky aesthetics informed by French fashion photographer Guy Bourdin and a cinematic color palette reminiscent of art photographer and filmmaker Alex Prager, the new collection’s launch campaign transports you to unexpected places with its striking detail. Featuring Ehsan as muse and model, and photographed in Mastrangelo’s East New York studio, the juxtaposition of architectural materials with the brand’s elegant designs create an artistic feast for the senses. “For Spring 2018, we wanted to recreate the feeling of an art gallery focusing on shape, material and texture,” shares Silvia. “The human element becomes part of the art being showcased, seamlessly interacting with it and speaking the same visual language. We have a strong fan base among designers, architects, artists and gallerists – they love our aesthetics and the way we shoot our products as ‘design objects’ rather than shoes, always finding the perfect balance between form and function. We find Fernando and Pari’s work synergistic, with a potential to push the boundaries of our concepts.” “A postmodern assimilation of references, a conversation between mediums and the ability to traverse it all is what first led me to Fernando,” Ehsan says, “We met by chance one morning at the Guggenheim [Museum] and I’ve been wanting to interact with his work, which crosses sculpture and design with the painterly, ever since.”   Doubling as wearable works of art, the Spring 2018 collection belongs as much on view in a gallery as it does on your feet – the hand-painted marble heels and Marmo design embrace a quiet sophistication that is a subtle reminder of sculptures one would see in a museum or while traveling abroad. “There are two historical masterpieces created in marble that represent the quintessential beauty and strength of the body,” Avanzi explains, “the renaissance David by Michelangelo and the neoclassical Le Tre Grazie by Canova. Both are made of a unique quality of marble called ‘statuario’, distinctive for its white color and gray veins. We replicated the statuario details in our Marmo slingback styles”.   Versatile, timeless, and ageless, the Spring 2018 collection can easily be worn from day to night, in the gallery or out in the city. “The Gray Matters Woman is more about her strong and independent spirit than her age,” Avanzi shares. “She can be in her 20s or 50s, always confident and with a great sense of aesthetics. She doesn’t take herself too seriously.”   Photography Charlie Schuck Prop Stylist Natasha Felker The City Council of San Francisco approved a ban on the sale of new products made of natural fur. Starting January 1, 2019, the sale of new clothing and even accessories with fur will face a fine of $500 for each piece of clothing. The ban will affect online sales, too, with deliveries to addresses in San Francisco. Those shops that made purchases before the prohibition entered will be able to sell their goods before January 1, 2020. "Sale of fur products in San Francisco is incompatible with the idea of ​​treating all living beings, people, and animals with kindness," the resolution says. Animal rights advocates rightfully call this "historic event" and hopefully one that gets adopted by others.  San Francisco became the third American city to ban the sale of fur. In 2011, it was made by West Hollywood, in 2017 - Berkeley. It will be possible to trade second-hand fur products. According to experts, San Francisco sells fur products at $ 40 million per year. Over the past six months, Gucci , Michael Kors, Jimmy Choo, Furla and Versace have announced that they will not use fur. The latest on this topic was expressed by Donatella Versace, who stated that she considers it wrong to kill animals for fashion. Fur coats and coats have always been one of the key products of Versace. Makeup Caitlin Wooters Hair Melisande Page Production Tayler Smith  Casting Felicity Webb (Personnel Services) Models Emma Harris (Fusion), Jessi Silolahti (Wilhelmina), Alexandra Waterbury (Wilhelmina) Digital Technician John Griffith  Photo Assistants Jeff Rose and Justin Leveritt Makeup Assistant Ashley Victoria  Location Navy Studio     Last year, Solange Knowles brought home several awards, from the Grammys to Glamour's Woman of the Year. While awards season is coming to an end, Knowles still manages to get new ones lined up. The New School's Parsons School of Design announced that she will be honored at the school's annual benefit on May 21 in New York. Other honorees include Gucci's CEO, Marco Bizzari, and Farfetch's founder, Jose Neves. This honor comes after she was named "Artist of the Year" by another prestigious institution, Harvard University.  Executive Dean of Parsons Joel Towers told WWD, that the 31-year-old singer is chosen “for her notable contributions to the music and fashion industries." Her contributions since her album's release, go beyond singing at the White House for Obama. She even took over the Guggenheim museum for a very artsy performance titled "An Ode To" (no phones were allowed during her secret performance). And now it's time for everyone else to give an ode to her. Though Britney Spears regularly posts Instagram videos of herself trying on different looks (complete with her own runway walks), the singer hasn’t appeared in an ad campaign in recent memory. That’s all changed now that Kenzo has made her the face of its La Collection Memento collection, which hits stores March 21. The pop star and mother of two was photographed by Peter Lindbergh in Los Angeles. Typically, the singer has been residing in Las Vegas where she performs nightly to a packed house. Though Spears seems an usual pick for Kenzo, a brand that regularly champions rising talent and independent artists, it is refreshing to see it switch things up a bit. For a collection all about icons, there are surely few greater choices than the American legend Britney Spears.   Jaden Smith is teaming up with G-Star on a sustainable denim collection that is launching this fall. The announcement follows the brand’s release of their “most sustainable jean” using “first-ever Cradle to Cradle Certified™ Gold Raw for the Planet Indigo Fabric.”   The actor and artist was first introduced to the company by his friend, and brand partner, Pharrell Williams. "What they have been doing with sustainable innovation recently has been so inspiring, especially with the launch of their most sustainable jeans ever. They are at the forefront of denim sustainability, on top of the denim game. It's the same thing I've been trying to do with my JUST Water initiative, so to innovate in an industry where there is so much room for improvement. G-Star is a great place for me to collaborate, learn, and make a positive impact on denim and fashion,” says Smith.   Smith is no stranger to the fashion community, having appeared most recently in a Louis Vuitton campaign, but few know how committed he is to sustainability. He and his father, Will, run a sustainable water company, which sees bottles made of 82% plant-based materials and a cap made of cane sugar. Just Water, as the company is called, is dedicated to the longevity of a growing scarcity in natural resources.   Sounds like perfect synergy. The year 2017 was really Emma Stone ! After receiving the Oscar for best actress for her performance in the long La La Land , the American was chosen by Nicolas Ghesquière as new ambassador of Louis Vuitton . 2017 was a big year for Emma Stone, considering she won a Best Actress Oscar for her role in La La Land, and it seems 2018 is shaping up nicely as well. Just last week, Stone made her debut as a brand ambassador for Nicholas Ghesquière's Louis Vuitton in the brand's pre-fall campaing. The ads also spotlight the brand's Capucines bag.  "I am very pleased and proud to work with a brand as enthralling as Louis Vuitton, which has a unique style and creations," said Stone. The California desert was the location chosen for the new Spirit of Travel series, and the photos were taken by Craig McDean. Tommy Hilfiger and Gigi Hadid may have presented their last Tommy x Gigi collection in Milan last month, but fashion collaborations are far from becoming obsolete. Recently, it was announced that Diesel will be partnering up with Shayne Oliver (founder, and designer of the now-defunct, maybe, streetwear brand Hood by Air) and that Virgil Abloh of Off-White has launched a fragrance with Swedish perfume and leather goods company Byredo. Yes, as far as fashion collaborations go, they are here to stay.  Gomez and Stuart Vevers first teamed up back in 2017 for a limited run of handbags and accessories. The results spoke for themselves: the partnership gave Coach a much-needed (and substantial) boost on social media and an increase in stock price, according to a Wall Street analyst. So in the spirit of that same winning formula, it's no surprise that both Gomez and Vevers have announced they are teaming up once again, this time for a collection available this fall. The range is set to feature ready-to-wear, outerwear, and even more handbags and other accessories. In a statement, Vevers expressed his excitement about working with Gomez in a release. "I always look forward to designing with Selena because she has a strong point of view,” he explained. “We wanted to bring cool new ideas to the table, and I loved getting her take on clothes as much as accessories this time around.”  While pieces won't be available until fall, you can still shop Gomez's favorite Coach pieces on the brand's website. Click through the gallery, below for teasers from the collection.  Maria Grazia Chiru's latest show for Dior drew inspiration from feminist protests of the 1960s. The majority of models wore transparent colored sunglasses and baker boy hats, however, there were a few outliers within the range in the form of visor caps, which have just hit Dior boutiques around the world.  Each Dior visor was inspired by Tirs,  a work created artist Niki de Saint Phalle, who shot molar mass of gypsum with paint-filled bullets and then exhibited the "bleeding" result on a panel. This range of accessories boasts options in white, black, and bright shades of blue, orange, and yellow. Famed fashion designer, couturier, and image-maker, Hubert de Givenchy has died, his longtime partner Philippe Venet said in a statement to AFP. The news comes nearly three weeks after Givenchy celebrated his 91st birthday on February 21.  After opening the house of Givenchy in 1952, his ladylike gowns and ensembles became the epitome of sophisticated chic, which would then garner the positive critical reception of the media and consumers. However, Givenchy would truly dominate the world of 1950s and '60s fashion thanks to Hollywood. Several of Givenchy's most loyal clients were Golden Hollywood-era actresses such as Grace Kelly, Lauren Bacall, Elizabeth Taylor, and most notably, Audrey Hepburn; Givenchy designed several costumes for her most iconic films including Sabrina, Funny Face, Breakfast at Tiffany's and more. Of course, his impact didn't stop there. He would eventually dress First Lady Jackie Kennedy, the Duchess of Windsor, and supermodel Jerry Hall. Several of his most iconic designs include the balloon coat and his own versions of both the babydoll and little black dress.  Our thoughts are with his family and friends during this time.  Since her debut at London Fashion Week in 2010, Irish designer Simone Rocha’s pieces have become synonymous with historical references, delicate details, and silhouettes of empowered femininity. Just last year, she opened her first store in New York City (next to Céline) with her own furnishings and installations, as well as art from Ren Ri, Robert Rauschenberg, and Louise Bourgeois. Up next? A Francis Bacon piece will be installed in the store this spring as a secret, surprise extension of her photo zine project, which is free to fans in stores. It’s been a year since you opened up your New York store. What’s significant about that to you? It’s been unbelievable to see so many amazing New York women in the clothes and to have a place that people can come and see my work from all different disciplines, from fashion and art.   As a designer, do you more strongly identify with New York, London, or Ireland? It’s so hard because it’s all of them. It’s kind of funny because, even though I’m based in London and educated in London, I’m half Irish and half Chinese, so I’ve always been from a very eclectic background, which has made me very comfortable in New York as a designer.   You were at the Comme des Garçons show in October in Paris and Dover Street Market was one of the first shops to pick up your line. What’s it like being in that family? It’s the only show that I go to. I always absolutely love it. I’m very lucky to be a part of that family, so I get to go to the show in Paris every season. Dover Street Market was the first store internationally to pick up my line, and I’ve been working with them ever since.   What was it like the first time you met Rei Kawakubo? The very first time was actually when she came to see my collection and before I was stocked in Dover Street Market. It was a little surreal because I was still very young and a huge fan of their whole ethos.   Who else do you look up to in the world of fashion? I’ve always really admired the historical houses like Balenciaga, but at the same time, the people I really admire are those who built independent businesses like myself or Rick Owens. How has having a father who is also a designer impacted your work? I was very lucky and fortunate to grow up in a creative environment. His understanding of fabrication and silhouette is much more organic than what I do, but being able to see that—and all that handicraft—has really influenced my work. I also think it’s really important to respect your elders.   Is comfort important to you as a designer? It is, in the way that I’m a woman designing for women, so the physicality of the clothes is something that very naturally happens when I’m designing. Especially with my shoes. They’re very ergonomic and I want them to be very comfortable on the body.   If you had to describe your aesthetic is just a few words, what would you say it is? I would probably say it’s my interpretation of modern femininity for today. Photography Adam Katz Sinding (@le21eme) Designers Carol Lim and Humberto Leon know how to put on a show — actually, more like a performance. Remember how they invited the New York City Ballet dancers to perform choreography for their Spring 2016 show? NYCB's resident choreographer, Justin Peck, choreographed the show himself. Another memorable one was also the brand's first show in LA last year, where rapper RZA performed and models were stage-fighting each other using martial arts. Every season, the two founders keep on finding new ways to top their last show, and last night's spectacle held up to their standards.  For its Spring 2018 collection, Opening Ceremony teams up with Disney for a capsule collection, increasing the hype of logomania with Disney's favorite character on his 90th brithday, Mickey Mouse. So it doesn't come as a surprise, when the brand took everyone out yesterday night to the first Disneyland in Anaheim, California. Since it was really the only time where celebrities could go to a theme park (without having to close down the entire place), Maya Rudolph, Chance the Rapper, Sabrina Carpenter, Lucky Blue Smith, and other guests danced along to the marching band wearing Mickey's ear-hats given out before the show. After it ended, the Toowntown area inside the park turned into your usual fashion after party when Diplo took over the booth (with the addition of Mickey, Minnie, Donald Duck, and Chip and Dale).  See every look from the collection: Dior's Maria Grazia Chuiri took inspiration from the upcoming anniversary of the political revolution and student protests that happened in Paris during May 1968. That manifested itself in the form of hippie-inspired dresses and sweaters — and newsboy caps paired with translucent glasses in all shades of the rainbow. Each model wore this combo. Under-the-radar brand Koché took over a theater in Paris to present its latest collection. The label is famous for using unconventional locations for its shows (just a few months ago, they took things on the road and showed a collection at The Strand in New York City) and this season was no exception. Models took a long trek through every single aisle of an old theater, on both the top and bottom floors, before taking over the stage. Shayne Oliver (founder of Hood by Air and the latest guest designer of Helmut Lang) made a debut at Paris Fashion Week with a brand new project: a collaboration with Diesel as the first guest designer for Diesel's revival. He presented his denim line for the brand inside a warehouse-like space with models swinging and doing acrobatics inside giant, moving metal platforms hanging from the ceiling. The vibe was very HBA, with blaring music, cool club kids and a heavy streetwear asthetic. Diesel Red Tag Project will also premiere in different forms at NYFW, LFW and MFW later this year, with Oliver at the helm. He also told L'Officiel USA that the team behind this latest project, creatively, is Hood by Air and that the line (which was put on hold last year) will continue, with new work out eventually. Off-White presented a collection full of the label's sporty signatures with a hint of girlishness — including corsets, bodysuits, fluffy tutus and skintight tees. Titled "West Village," it was inspired by a muse who "lives in the West Village and Soul Cycles on weekdays & rides horses in Westchester on the weekend." Fans were so hyped about the collection that they literally started a riot outside, pushing, kicking, pulling and screaming for fashion. It was scary, but also unlike anything I've ever seen at a fashion show in terms of hype. Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood's latest collection saw Rose McGowan sitting front row, and it also saw many models wearing her trademark sky-high heels (a few of them took tumbles) along with slogan tees, crazy patterns and ultra-constructed pieces. Always one to make a statement, Westwood and Kronthaler placed gothic raver-style go-go dancers throughout the venue to dance during the show, whose jutting movements and twerks were the source of conversation hours after the show. The dancers demanded as much attention as the clothing. Set to to the fantasy inducing music of Nino Rota (soundtrack artist for Fellini's films), Comme des Garcons presented an incredibly beautiful tribute to campiness. Models walked down a narrow runway wearing creations made of multiple layers, replete with crinolines, tulles, leopard prints and gllitter — and lots of it. Glitter was also the main attraction in terms of hair, since models wore out-of-this-world hair creations sculpted in green, red and pink glitters. "Notes on Camp,” Susan Sontag’s 1964 essay was Rei Kawakubo's reading material when thinking about the collection. Last season, Thom Browne ended his show with a giant unicorn in Paris. Needless to say, that's pretty hard to top. Despite that, Browne created a couture-like show in Paris this week, with models posing to Madonna's "Vogue" in small sections facing guests, inbetween walking the main stretch of the runway. Surrounding the runway were also Browne's version of painters: models wearing grey beehives who pretended to paint all the action around them. The show ended with a procession of humans wearing realistic dog masks and heels, their elegant queen-like owner following behind. Giambattista Valli's dramatic tulle dresses in candy-colored shades weren't the only thing front row guests were snapping for their Instagrams. This season, makeup artist Val Garland created a glitter mask for a few of the models walking the show. In silver, pink, and gold, the effect was surreal and by far, one of the best beauty moments of all of fashion month. Chanel never fails to go OTT with set design. This season, Karl Lagerfeld created a magic forest complete with fall leaves and tall trees. Models including Kaia Gerber and Binx Walton all wore messy topknots and the signature Chanel house codes, such as tweed suiting, flap bags reinvented and some knee-high boots in shades of metallic that were particularly covetable. Perhaps these are the new version of the French fashion brand's glitter boots we've been seeing everywhere? The interior of Miu Miu's fall 2018 show was decorated by M/M Paris in the form of posters hanging everywhere — with the typography that the design agency created to represent the alphabet of Miu Miu. That alone was special enough, but once the collection opened up with Elle Fanning walking the runway, the cheers were immediate. Once again, the brand presented a collection full of wearable, whimsical, covetable pieces: like short, flat boots in primary hues, patent leather jackets in soft silhouettes, off-the-shoulder sweaters worn with floral prints and pretty brocade dresses. It was at Sacai's Fall 2018 show that we discovered some of the best coats and color combinations of the season. Brilliant scarlet reds were paired with rusty oranges on outerwear. Kelly green and camel was another unexpected, incredible pairing along with Yves Klein Blue and vivid raspberry. Mismatched shoes in various animal prints were also present. According to the show notes, designer Chitose Abe focused on "creating pragmatic solutions for modern life by cutting and splicing familiar forms to create something new."  With an '80s retro whipped hair and black winged liner, Elle Fanning opened the runway for Miu Miu at Paris Fashion Week. The young actress walked her first-ever show alongside Adwoa Aboah, Slick Woods, Kaia Gerber, and Georgia May Jagger. The 19-year-old has long been a muse for Prada's sister label Miu Miu, when she first starred in its Spring 2014 campaign. In fact, the Italian brand is a fan of the Fanning family. Her older sister, Dakota, recently made her directorial debut for Miu Miu's short film series titled, Women's Tales. We can't help but notice the screen-to-runway trend this season, which started from Sadie Sink's surprising appearance for Undercover. Who's next on the list?  Watch the backstage video below:  Adam Katz Sinding
Instagram: @ le21eme
le21eme.com This week during Paris Fashion Week, HEAVENSAKE — the first French-Japanese sake of its kind — premiered in style in the Hotel de Crillon in the French capital. Those who had the city's hottest tickets to the March 1 and 2 events were able to see Canadian DJ duo Blondi:ish and the founder of Off-White, Virgil Abloh. After a series of fashion events in the city, HEAVENSAKE announced its intimate and exclusive premiere would be held at one of the most attractive luxury bars in Paris, Les Ambassadeurs, in the famous hotel. On the first day, from 10:00 am to 2:00 p.m., HEAVENSAKE's special guests had rounds of the brand's drinks named "Junmai Ginjo" and "Daiginjo", while taking advantage of the electronic sound of the duo Blond: ish. On Friday, March 2, HEAVENSAKE raised the bar and featured a 5-hour set by Virgil Abloh, who showed off his talent as a DJ. Overall, it was a fantastic experience for the guests of the house, who were treated to the brand's latest concoction - "A Better High". According to the brand, what motivated the creation of this drink was a quest to offer an alternative to other alcoholic beverages. HEAVENSAKE's partnership with the Hotel de Crillon promises to be a celebration of the finest French sophistication and glamour with a unique Japanese touch. Fashion critics have a knack for knowing the future. But even then, it’s safe to say that nobody had bet money on the dark prince behind Givenchy’s renaissance, Riccardo Tisci, becoming the new Chief Creative Officer of Burberry. The announcement, which was made yesterday morning, managed to leave a whole crowd of critics at Paris Fashion Week suitably stunned, envisioning how the storied British fashion house might look through Tisci’s lens.   Instead of Tisci, many people had their eye on Kim Jones taking the reigning Burberry boy Christopher Bailey’s place. The former Louis Vuitton stalwart brought Supreme to the runway for Spring 2017, much like how Bailey elevated Gosha Rubchinskiy to high fashion status a season later. Second in line was Celine’s Phoebe Philo, whose reputation for creating contemporary and commercially successful collections has reignited the French brand; something Hedi Slimane looks sure to toy with now that he has the reins there.   Both of those options were safe bets, but in a house that’s swiftly transforming its outward facing image from Royalty-aligning Brit tradition to punkish and expressive, we should’ve expected a more left-field officer to get the gig.   So how does a man associated with gothic romanticism start a new chapter at a house that carries a rarely dished out Royal Warrant (meaning they can supply their garments directly to the British Royal Family) and counts the modest Kate Middleton as a loyal fan?   After all, during his 12-year stint at Givenchy, Tisci was known for becoming the go-to designer, favored by Kanye West and instrumental in bringing the Kardashian clan to the high fashion fore. His work there was defined by religious allegories, obscure and sexy womenswear, and the iconic snarling Rottweiler motif that made a Givenchy sweater the must-have item a few years ago.   Will those dark qualities permeate the stoic British brand? We’ll have to wait and see, but Tisci’s arrival surely means the culture surrounding Burberry will be experiencing a monumental switch up.   Burberry’s reputation as a historic name in British fashion has lead a collection of famous (if fairly predictable) English stars to become faces of the brand. Most recently, Cara Delevingne, Brooklyn Beckham, and Emma Watson have fronted its campaigns and sat front row, the former even closing Bailey’s final show – a celebration of LGBTQ+ culture – in a technicolour dreamcoat last month.   But with Tisci at the helm, there’s a strong chance that friends and fans Yeezy and Kim could cross the pond to show their support. In fact, at this point, we’d be shocked if they didn’t make it over for his debut collection for the brand this coming September. He’s also enlisted Marina Abramovic and Nicki Minaj to join him in the past, so how the creative director’s unabashed love for American talent will play out could be intriguing.   It’s interesting to consider who might fit both Burberry and Tisci’s brief when it comes to star power, then. Paris Jackson, funnily enough, showed up at his final Givenchy menswear show for FW17 and Bailey’s Burberry bow-out too, so perhaps we should be looking to her to work out exactly where things are heading? In that case, the front row might be getting younger and wealthier, but also more diverse and influential.   The ace Adwoa Aboah’s presence in recent Burberry shows and campaigns has shown us that the house has the potential to harbor less austere and more outspoken talents than they have done in the past. Tisci, on the other hand, has shown that the stars we once thought to be “talentless” have a deserving spot in the high fashion realm, too.   Burberry is currently in a fascinating transition period; one that sees their clientele switch from middle-aged men and women seeking modest luxury wears to the daringly dressed rich kids of London. That’s mainly a cultural shift, and is a conscious one made by Christopher Bailey and Burberry’s CEO Marco Gobbetti (who got Riccardo Tisci his Givenchy gig in the first place). They wanted to ensure the brand headed in a more youthful direction in the future.   As we see with so many brands, that can go one of two ways. Social media stars have a shelf life that can seem invincible one day and completely irrelevant the next. Nevertheless, it seems that the commonality between Bailey and Tisci is their fine judgement when it comes to getting the acting, musical, and sometimes just ubiquitous talents to wear their clothes. One thing’s for sure: there’s no sign of Burberry’s new faces being a predictable line-up. Tisci has his finger on the pulse, and whether we spot Kim K sitting front row in London or not, his chapter in the brand’s history might be its most memorable and provocative yet.   Stop whatever you're doing, cause this is breaking news. The Stranger Things breakout star just made her first runway appearance for Undercover in Paris today. The 15-year-old actress is the newest addition to Netflix's sci-fi TV series, and already, she is everyone's favorite character on the show.  Today at Paris Fahion Week, Sink opened the show as skater girl Max (the role she plays in Stranger Things). She rocked an all red outfit — matching hoodie and track pants, and a bedazzled beanie. Her transition to fashion is expected since Interview Magazine's very chic editorial with the young actress, and it's only a matter of time until her first campaign. We see an it-girl in the making here.  Contemporary ready-to-wear brand Land of Distraction burst on to the scene only last year, but has already managed to capture the attention of fashion fans, including the New York Times. With only two collections in (the latest of which was just shown at New York Fashion Week), its story is already pretty well known: founded by Danita Short, and designed with Design Director Christian Juul Nielsen, Land has a distinctly ‘70s vibe, inspired by Short’s childhood in rural Canada. “My [family] farm was 30 miles from a town of 1000 people. I always grew up quite simple, and secluded, and we had to entertain ourselves and be really creative,” she said of her youth. Growing up with 8-track players, playing dress up in her grandmother’s clothes, and the imagery and music her parents cultivated shaped her aesthetic, giving the brand’s nostalgic elements an authentic feel. “Those kinds of things always stick with me.” The resulting collection features a range of day and outerwear pieces that are minimal on embellishments, but are luxurious in their textures. There’s a quiet sophistication to the clothes that at first give off a much more rock-and-roll vibe. Though there seems to be a heavy focus on where Land has come from, and who they are now, that doesn’t mean Short and Nielsen aren’t forward thinking. If anything, they seem to be taking a slow-but-steady approach to growing the label (despite what their out the gate success with the press might suggest). Fans can come to expect season-less product drops to keep things fresh, and perhaps even capsule collections in the near future. “We’re fine to just put a brand out there [that is all about] what we feel we would like to see people wear, and what we think is nice,” said Nielsen. “This is what we do, and this is what we stand for, and we hope that people are going to like that, obviously.” “[We’re] staying strong to our vision that we set out,” added Short. “I think right now, especially in the beginning, it’s really important to stay true to yourself, and stay honest, and not let the noise get to you, and what other people’s opinion’s may be.” After Christopher Bailey’s swansong runway show for Burberry at London Fashion Week, the question on everybody’s mind was: who will succeed the designer who had been at the helm of the British brand for 17 years? The wait is now over. Through an announcement on its Instagram page, Burberry has named Riccardo Tisci as its new Chief Creative Officer. Effective from March 12, Tisci will direct all Burberry collections and will show his first collection for the brand in September. This isn’t Tisci’s first stint at a major luxury fashion house. He was previously Creative Director at Givenchy for over a decade from 2005 to 2017. There, the Italian designer headed the brand's women’s wear, men’s wear and accessories collections — making him the perfect fit for Burberry. The man himself couldn’t be any happier. He says, “I am honoured and delighted to be joining Burberry as its new Chief Creative Officer and reuniting with Marco Gobbetti. I have an enormous respect for Burberry's British heritage and global appeal and I am excited about the potential of this exceptional brand." If we had to describe Daniele Calcaterra as a designer, we would say he is a visual poet who creates graceful and real clothes. His latest collection is nourished by his pure creative soul, that of a designer himself who gives body to his thought by giving clothes both male rigor and feminine accents by embracing nudes and flounces. The materials are important and heavily sought after like heavy drapes in felted cashmere covered in raw wool, obvious and rigid threads alternating with silk and a resin-like substance which gave some pieces a primordial expressive function. Colors ranged from gray to black with some concession to bordeaux and white. Perfect colors for fall and winter temperatures; an effective combination of easy-to-wear pieces and special clothes. Glitter helmets? Knit-tweed hybrids? Scratchy nylon parkas? No, it wasn't a post-apocalyptic, psychedelic-influenced rave, it was Maison Margiela Fall 2018.   Quirky headdresses and subversive fashions have become the norm for Margiela. Under the creative direction of John Galliano, we've seen a more playful, fearless, and shiny side of the storied French fashion house. Taker all the transparent PVC and sheer fabric accents, for example.  As for make-up, bright statement lips came in shades of green, blue, and shimmering silver glitter: the perfect complement to an eclectic, out-there collection. Ahead, see our favorite looks from the show.           Models appeared in vintage-knit sweaters, worn-out jeans, lengthy screen-printed raincoats and ponchos, and bucket hats. Lots and lots of bucket hats. For Fall 2018, Maria Grazia Chiuri revived a time when fashion had no rules. The year 1968 was a year in which protesting for women's rights was at an all-time high. New ideas, pure creativity, and experimentation of new territories flowed freely, and people felt at liberty to express themselves and invent their own image. This was the same vibe felt at Dior.  Standouts from the range included kilts and a graphic sweater that read: "C'est Non, Non, Non et NON!" (Look 1). Kilts were worn with tailored jackets, each with different lengths and made with unexpected fabrics. Other pieces resembled uniforms of Sorbonne or Nanterre students.  denim and patchwork jackets, shearling capes, wool embroidery-on-organza dresses, leather trench coats, mini skirts, and plenty of crochet and fringe.  See every look from the collection:  Once again, Pharrell Williams and adidas Originals have teamed up to produce another capsule collection that will no doubt be on every hypebeast's (and athleisure lover's) wishlist—the Hu Holi adicolor collection. Inspired by the spiritual Hindu festival of color that takes place each March, the range features plenty of Adidas staples like tracksuit jackets, t-shirts, and sneakers, all in a gorgeous array of primary hues. By utilizing a revolutionary powder-dyeing technique (much like the powder used during Holi celebrations), adidas and Pharrell guarantee that no two pieces will look the same.   Commendably, the collection's accompanying ad campaign images were shot in India using Indian models. Williams has obviously learned the difference between appropriation and appreciation, and that's something worth supporting. Fellow sportswear brands, take note.  Pre-releases will be available March 2 at adidas Originals stores in India and online. A wider launch is scheduled for March 16 at select adidas Originals retailers and online. See every piece from the Hu Holi adicolor collection, below.  Makeup Brigitte Reiss-Anderson (Starworks Group) 
Hair David von Cannon (The Wall Group) 
Production Sacha Di Bona (Savvy) 
Casting HARBINGER
Model Ina Jensen (Women Management) 
Manicure Sarah Nguyen (Kate Ryan Inc.) 
Digital technician Kenny Ulloa
Photo assistants Ryan Page and Bruce Soyez-Bernard 
Location Demarchelier Studio
Catering Elevate Catering Massimo Giorgetti was heavily inspired by the city of Milan for MSGM this season, which we saw through embroidered scarves bearing the names of famous Milanese watering holes (like Jamaica and Bar Brasso). But it was his brilliant use of patent leather that was quite extraordinary, utilizing the fabric for trench coats, trousers, and windbreakers in exciting shades of red, pale pink, and burgundy.  Alberta Ferretti Fall 2018 was a vast departure from Spring 2018's delicate floral extravaganza. This season, there were more rugged, Westworld-esque influences like denim jumpsuits, high-waisted trousers, and studded cowboy hats. Heavy tailoring and structural pieces also dominated the runway and were very on-trend as they produced strong '80s silhouettes.  At Fendi, Karl Lagerfeld and Silvia Venturi Fendi presented the Fall/Winter wardrobe of our dreams in the form of cozy fur sweaters, suede trousers, capes, and elegant camel trench coats. Our favorite looks were those that emphasized (and subverted) the brand's iconic double-F logo.  There was heavy anticipation upon husband-and-wife duo Luke and Lucie Meier's collection for Jil Sander. It was a hauntingly beautiful show. Models took to the runway in simple makeup and erect chunky braids wearing minimalist and sculptural pieces. But throughout the diverse range, it was the sheer monochrome pieces—in the form of electric blue and firecracker red—that best caught our eye.  After last season's historic supermodel reunion, the bar was set high for Versace Fall 2018. This season we saw influences from both royalty and rock n' roll: two areas in which Versace has plenty of experience with. But, as always, Donatella delivered a tour-de-force of a collection full of sexy party dresses, distressed denim, and surprisingly, loads of tartan.  Alessandro Michele never fails to impress even the most jaded fashionista, offering glimpses and escapes into new, fantastical worlds with every Gucci collection he presents. This season, we saw models carrying replicas of their heads courtesy of Makinarium—an Italian special and visual effects company.  Miuccia Prada is a master of her craft, consistently pushing boundaries with every new Prada collection. For Fall 2018, we saw industrial-chic ensembles on the runway. Digital prints covered nylon overcoats, while bright neon colors were put proudly on display in parkas. rain boots, and cocktail dresses. Notably, supermodel Amber Valletta made her return to the runway, much to the delight of fashion fans everywhere. Also of note was the show's opener, model Anok Yai who made history as the second black model to ever open a Prada show since Naomi Campbell. While it's sad that diversity is still a novel concept for a brand this big, we are thrilled to see a previously undiscovered face contribute to better representation for people of color.  Maryling Fall 2018 a journey into modern art—an abstract area between feminine and masculine full of essential shapes and colors. The collection came to life thanks to geometric shapes and a 3D elegance, but not only the colors dominated the catwalk. Citing Paloma Picasso as a muse, designer Avshalom Gur's palate exhibited a chromatic rainbow that comes of red, burgundy, velvet blue, classic black and pure white, which creates a dialogue with other bold, original and saturated colors.  Also presented were maxi soft sweaters, overcoats, and jackets. The contemporary couture of Maryling is the right balance between modern art and the real world with roots planted in the earth. This collection fully reflects the aesthetic vision of its creative director, while also remaining desirable, simple and courageous. For his fall 2018 collection, Karl Lagerfeld sent brown tones of plaids and checks in powerful looks down the runway. Fendi also focused on monogram everything, on trench, fur and puffer coats, bag straps, and scarves. Though all the looks set off a serious and a conservative feel, Lagerfeld surprised everyone when the iconic "F" from the Italian sportswear brand Fila appeared on a fur sweater. Yup, you guessed it, Fendi just hopped on the streetwear wagon. The brand collaborated with Fila and the Instagram artist, Hey Reilly, who just worked with Fendi on its menswear collection back in January.  Could merging logos now be the new trend? It certainly saves so much more space than fitting two brand names on a collaboration.  See every look from the collection:  Ferretti showed us something different for her Fall 2018 collection, away from the romantic sillhouettes we're familiar with. The runway yielded some surprises with belted denim jumpsuits, purple high-waisted pants, and studded cowbow hats. Denim and West World fashion aren't usually the designer's forté, but she managed to glamourize them with '80s sillouhettes and still sent long silk dresses and sequined gowns down the runway.  “Women today have changed, and fashion needs to speak in a different way. It shouldn’t be so correct, it should show personality,” told Ferretti to Vogue. The Italian designer certainly sent a collection with a new personality this season through the modern runway women of today: Kaia Gerber, Grace Elizabeth, and the Hadid sisters.  See every look from the collection:  Held inside the Moncler Genius building, one could immerse themselves into a vast Moncler multiverse,  where eight exhibition spaces represented each collaboration the brand undertook for Fall 2018: Pierpaolo Piccioli, Moncler 1952, Grenoble, Simone Rocha, Craig Green, Noir Kei Ninomiya, Fragment Hiroshi Fujiwara, Palm Angels. The show's mission statement called it "a republic of imagination." Guests—including Naomi Campell and Millie Bobbie Brown—each entered through a silver-glittering tent, the perfect point of entry to take in the massive collection.  www.monlcer.com Image Credits:
ZVG Every Fashion Month, a designer's unofficial goal is to surprise an audience full of jaded fashionistas. In the past, we've witnessed rockets taking flight and trains pulling in on the runway, so of course, every show must constantly upping the ante when it comes to presenting a new collection. And speaking of upping the ante, that is precisely what Alessandro Michele did at Gucci Fall 2018. Last season, Michelle created a mythological land of whimsy on the runway inspired by Ancient Rome. This season, he opted for a clinical, operating room.  Below, our show notes on the collection. Memorable piece — Look 28, a piece that shimmered and shine. A dazzling array of sequins covered the delicate, cream lace cutouts and Victorian sleeves. The look was made complete with a pair of ornate Carnivale-style sunglasses worn over a black ski mask, gaudy chandelier earrings and a pair of classic Gucci trainers in mustard.    Best accessories —Look 6's silk scarf with horse print designed specifically to be worn on the head. The fantastic reptiles (and human heads) produced by Makinarium, a special visual effects factory in Rome. .  Collection inspiration — Creative Director Alessandro Michele took inspiration from many sources. For one, Americana: several logos emblazoned on to coats, t-shirts, and jackets were taken from classic American institutions like Paramount Pictures and The New York Yankees.    Potential trend —  Headwraps in the form of scarves, ski masks, and beanies. It was Russian babushka meets Armenian bride. Crystal headgear and silk turbans, too.  Location — The show was held at the Gucci Hub in Milan, which was transformed into a turquoise operating room complete with PVC on the walls and floors, and emergency exits. LED lighting came in the form of surgical examination lamps and from the ceiling, while the audience sat in typical hospital waiting room chairs. According to Gucci, "The concept reflects the work of a designer—the act of cutting, splicing and reconstructing materials and fabrics to create a new personality and identity with them."  Christopher Bailey's last show for Burberry will certainly stand the test of time. His brilliant choice to dedicate the line to LGBTQ+ youth was best expressed in diverse silhouettes in every color of the rainbow, including multi-color puffer jackets and vests.  Sequins were everywhere this LFW, and while we can't get enough of them (in all their different shapes, sizes and embroidery patterns) it was Michale Halpern who elevated sequin-mastery to another level. Inspired by the disco glam of Studio 54, Halpern Fall 2018 boasted mismatched jumpsuits, party dresses, and gloves.  Erdem's collections are known for being flowery and ethereal, so it was a breath of fresh air to see this sharp-tailored tweed-meets-plaid coat at Erdem worn over a pristine white dress shirt with an oversized '60s collar. A coat fit for a late night rendezvous at Annabel's or for a round of clay pigeon shooting.  The '80s are back in full swing this Fashion Month, but at JW Anderson, it was the Swinging Sixties that made a triumphant return to the 21st Century. Loud, irreverent, and truly outrageous, Anderson has proved that you can, in fact, look good in paisley. And ruffles.  Transparent fashions are clearly on trend, as seen at Christopher Kane's Fall 2018 show. Of course, Kane elevated the concept of using transparent PVC by adding delicate lace details. The result? A glorious soft-meets-hard contrast we can't wait to get our hands on.  The front row at fashion shows are often predictable: the same editors sit next to the same celebrities, who sit next to the same bloggers, who sit next to the same patrons of a brand. However, that all went to shit when The Queen of England (Elizabeth II) herself attended Richard Quinn Fall 2018, before presenting the designer with the first Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design.  Matty Bovan was the indisputable enfant terrible of London Fashion Week 2018. The Central Saint Martins alum sent wondrously voluminous gowns layered under cut-and-paste crinolines down the runway for his first solo show since leaving Fashion East, before debuting gorgeous Party City chic headdresses designed by Stephen Jones.  Designer collaborations are quickly taking over the fashion industry (if they haven’t done so already) and with good reason: We love it when creatives work together. Earlier this season, Y/Project teamed up with Uggs to create the ever-elusive thigh-high Ugg boot, and Michael Halpern tapped Christian Louboutin to help him create footwear for Halpern Fall 2018. Just like peanut butter and jelly, collaborating in fashion has proven not only to be a delicious concept, but one that simply works well.  So it’s no wonder that UNIQLO—whose past collaborators include JW Anderson, Carine Roitfeld, Kim Jones, and Jil Sander—has just announced a new partnership with German designer Tomas Maier for a collection set to debut Spring 2018. The range is for UNIQLO's LifeWear, which will include pieces for both men and women. It will infuse the ideas of “time off” and “escape,” all that’s needed for a chic summer vacay, really.  Maier, whose eponymous line is known for beautifully synchronizing simplicity and sophistication in his designs, stated in a press release that he hopes the collab will “help people to relax and get away from the hustle and bustle of daily life.” Sign us up ASAP, please.  Considering that both comfort and quality are a huge part of the UNIQLO brand identity, teaming up with tomas maier was a natural (and pretty much perfect) choice. While there’s isn’t an exact release date up as of yet, we’ll be here responding to emails and dreaming of summer.  More details on the upcoming tomas maier and Uniqlo collection coming soon. Watch UNIQLO's interview with Tomas Maier, below.  Memorable piece — Look 23, a delicious oxymoron of a gown. By draping smooth bright orange silk over sharp, mechanical craftsmanship of the sequined leotard created a rich contrast in both color and texture.  Potential trend — Matrix-style Anna-Karin Karlsson sunglasses (perfect for wearing in and outdoors), wide-legged trousers, and mismatched animal-printed jumpsuits/footwear. But most importantly sequins: loads and loads of sequins. Best accessory — The knee-high Christian Louboutin boots made from fuzzy shag material in a color scheme that resembled a meteorologist's weather radar.  Collection inspiration — This season, Halpern took inspiration from the old-school glamour that reigned supreme during the golden disco days of Studio 54 (his mother was a regular there). Other women he drew inspiration from included his sister, legendary New York socialite Nan Kempner (famous for her IDGAF attitude) and actress Anjelica Huston. The Location — Halpern transformed Phonica Records—an independent Soho vinyl music shop—into an underground artist's paradise littered with graffiti and accented with sheets of translucent pink. Television monitors played TV static, while Donna Summer's hits brought the venue's opulent (and slightly punk) atmosphere to life.  See every look from the collection:  Even as a vintage lover, I’ll admit that the process of vintage shopping can be sort of a nightmare. Spending hours thumbing through racks of dusty old clothes in hopes of finding that one treasure to make the experience all worth it isn't necessarily for everyone. (My mom tirelessly gives me flack for wearing someone else’s shoes… so yeah, vintage shopping isn’t for her….yet.) Shopping vintage online, however, may be just the thing to convert the non-believers of the vintage brick-and-mortar world. With a group of new online vintage shops (ranging from Etsy to DM’s on Instagram!), expert vintage-shoppers have done the dreaded sorting for you. What you're left with is a concisely well-curated, gently-worn assortment of the chicest vintage finds from all over the world. The best part? You can shop the curation from the comfort of your couch. Below, a round-up of the 8 best online vintage shops. Moschino, Vintage Trousers, $85, available at Etsy.  Bohème Goods, Faux Fur Coat, $40, available at Bohème Goods.  Gucci, Vintage Heels, $165, available at Shop Girl LA.  Bird on a Wire, Wool Checked Pleated Skirt, $37, available at Bird on a Wire.  Elia Vintage, Ribbed Off White Chiffon Ruffle Blouse, $58, available at Elia Vintage.  Shop Maganda Pa, Vintage Cream + Black Houndstooth Wool Blend Double-breasted Blazer, $64, available at Shop Maganda Pa.  Levi's, Black Jeans, $56, available at Lacatira Studio.  Courtyard LA, Mandarin Suede Jacket, $82, available at Courtyard LA.  Photography Melodie Jeng After leaving American Apparel during the brand’s bankruptcy, two Los Angeles designers decided to start their own clothing line, EVERYBODY.WORLD. Iris Alonzo and Carolina Crespo launched the brand two years ago, under the philosophy of creating eco-friendly clothing in support of LA cotton farmers. Recently, they released a new fabric made from 100% recycled cotton. But their ethos doesn’t just stop there. The brand dedicates its collection to everyday people, by bringing their concepts to life and sharing the profits with them. We talked to one of the co-founders, Iris Alonzo, about the brand’s initial fruition and its growth in the future. I was just looking at all the incredible press you guys have gotten.   Iris Alonzo, Co-Founder: We’ve been pretty lucky. After American Apparel, people were like, “ok, well now what?”   When did you both leave American Apparel, and when did you start EVERYBODY.WORLD?   It’s a long story but basically, they fired me once, but then they realized they fired the entire creative department so they re-hired me after 3 months. I left again in February 2015 and spent some time supporting the workers at American Apparel — they were like a family to us. I started thinking about the resources we have here in LA. Three months after I left in February, my now business partner Carolina, who was my colleague at American Apparel, was like, “well we got all the time in the world,” then this idea sort of formed and we decided to go for it. We started working actively on our company early to mid 2016 and then launched in November 2016.   What do you guys bring to EVERYBODY.WORLD that American Apparel didn’t have?   We were like, “if we are really gonna do this, if we’re gonna put the effort into creating a business, what would we do the same and what would we do differently?” This was many days and nights Carolina and I spent drawing things up, popping ideas around, vision boarding, and really thinking about it. The thing that bummed us out about American Apparel was all the waste involved with it. So, one of the two things we wanted to bring to the table was ecology and just thinking about every movement you make as a manufacturer, as a retailer, as a business person. How can you make the very best decisions possible for the planet? So that became one of our pillars. The second was ideas. Very few ideas are completely original at this point. So how do we make sure that the people that are putting the thought into it, are taken care of? Carolina and I developed a business model where 10% of the sale for each product designed by these everyday people, goes directly to them. So, everyone on our website that had designed something for us, we gave them the sales report every three months and a check or cash sometimes. It’s really about respecting ideas and making sure that people are appreciated for their creative contribution.   Why is it important to show the designers, as much of the clothes that they design?   Carolina and I would've rather got a job at a cafe than do something that doesn’t feel like it has a purpose. When you go to a store like Topshop that are massive and have so many clothes, it takes the value out of how hard it is to make all these clothes. Whether it’s made in Bangladesh or LA, an equal amount of effort went into it. Why are we putting this shirt on the planet? Because otherwise, I’d rather stay in bed. And we thought that people would maybe go to the website and relate to somebody there. Wouldn’t that be an interesting feeling? Of course, everyone wants to relate to Karl Lagerfeld, but it’s exciting to create a platform to celebrate these people that are just like you and me.   [Left image: Kiki Kudo for Everybody] There’s a wholesomeness to it that I think is lacking in the world.   The beauty of it all is that it’s all real, every image you see on the website — that’s so beautiful to us.   There is this one contributor, Paloma who’s turning 14 next year and whose launching her product on her 14th birthday. I imagine someone finding this brand and being like, “oh my god I love Paloma she’s so cool, she’s just like me, I want to buy the things she designs.” So, what if the collaboration goes great with Paloma, then she turns 15 and the next thing you know she’s 10 years into this brand. Somehow Paloma has grown with us and the people that follow her have kind of grown with us, and that is a really interesting idea. This cross pollination of real people is a very moving thing for us. We really love it. How does a brand like EVERYBODY.WORLD grow with an international audience?   We hope to work with more people, with contributors that are based in other places. Next year, we’re doing some swimwear with an artist that is Paris based, so we’d love to go there and have a sort of event. Another concept is, we wanted to develop this informal shop, and basically using whatever space that is available — could be the trunk of a car. We have this idea in our mind and suggesting that for later on in 2018. We would like to set up a program where people can get in touch with us like, “I love your brand, I think my friends would love your brand, I’m going to host an event at my place and I’m going to place an order from your website.” Then we send them a package and it could come with cocktails, with a music playlist or whatever, just really making an everybody-feeling vibe. People can have a shopping party in their homes and receive 10% of the sales or maybe get credit, who knows!   Do you think younger people would do that?   I think they could. I’m optimistic about it. I feel like people, as much as we are into our devices and living through this 2D digital version of reality, we’re also developing this need for human interaction. How do we use technology to bring these human experiences? What are the big goals for 2018?   There’s a lot. Our goal this year is to have new cotton-based textiles made from waste essentially. It’s for the consumer brand but it’s also for the wholesale customers. It would be great if everything they buy was cotton based from waste because if this company even gets to be bigger than tiny, it starts to make a little bit of a dent in this waste stream. That’s the big thing we want to start working in January. The next thing is, we have several collaborations in the works. We have two coming out this month, two in January, and two in February. Then the third goal is to continue to develop the informal shop concept and make that something we can extend on, because right now we can’t physically manage ourselves.   [Right image: Classic Trash Tee] How much of what American Apparel is doing now is on your radar? Do you think there are similarities with what you guys do?   It was never in our minds to be the next American Apparel, that’s not our thing. Our thing was, “can we do something that is not screwing the planet or any of the people we’re working with? And can we pay our bills?” I think that there needs to be an EVERYBODY.WORLD. We need more people to make things ethically and sustainably, because that’s going to be the standard going forward. And eventually, the H&Ms, the Zaras, and all the giants of the world will catch up. It's never just a pop of color with Jeremy Scott; his designs always oveflow with all the hues one can possibly fit into one outfit. We can't decide if his men's and women's Fall 2018 collection gave off a more sci-fi vibe, or an '80s gymnastic look (those colorful tights though). The designer also celebrated the launch of his collaboration with MAC Cosmetics, hence the festive eyes action.  Read our interview with Jeremy Scott, where he talks about this collection and more.  Creative Director Raul Lopez is famous for his gender-defying designs. The young designer who is an alumni of Hood by Air, sent several strong suits down the runway, but also some very confusing and abstract pieces. In one of his more "wearable" outfits, the model walked the runway in stilts, and she looked terrified. At times like these, it's difficult to find that fine line between fashion and art — and maybe that's the point? Tom Ford gave not one, but two remarkable shows in a week, having only two days in between the shows. For his women's Fall 2018 collection, he threw things back to Beverly Hills in the '80s— lots of animal prints (despite his decision to use less fur) and glitter bandanas. It's also not Rodeo Drive without stars on the front row. Zayn, Julianne Moore, and Elizabeth Banks were just some of the celebrities who caught everybody's attention.  Ah, we've been waiting on this 2000s revival. Creative director Jamie Mizhari purposely omitted the tracksuits in the first half of the show — she wanted everyone to see the leather jackets, sequined pants, and tie-dyed faux fur. But, at the end of the show, fancier versions of Juicy Couture's signarure tracksuits came out, putting everybody at ease. Well, at least those who would want to pay way more for them now.  This year, Calvin Klein got poppin' at the American Stock Exchange. Literally. The floors were swamped with half a foot of popcorn, as models scraped through them in firemen inspired outerwears while clutching Calvin Klein branded popcorn paperbags. The space was also transformed into a barn like setting, similar to the brand's campaign ads.  For his last NYFW show (on the conventional schedule), Wang reminded everyone that he's not just about the "Wangfest." Located at Condé Nast's previous headquarters, the CEO-inspired collection was packed with bold sillouhettes, a lot of zipper accents, and tiny bedazzled sunglasses. Moving his show to a June/December schedule is a bold move for Wang, and he's definitely sending this message in his Fall 2018 collection.  We get it. Fashion shows (especially nowadays) are more than just about the clothes, shoes, or accessories. The setting and the music really contribute to the whole nuance of the collection and some designers have done this incredibly well. But Plein went overboard: the space was filled with weed smoke. There was a bulldozer and snow bikes on set. Supermodel Irina Shayk descended from a UFO and walked down the "snowy" runway with a Transformer-esque robot. Then Migos performed, and the whole thing turned into an after party. Seriously dude?  Rio Uribe made sure his Gypsy Sport runway was home to personal expression, as he sent models of varying age and body size. One model stole the show: 10-year-old Desmond Napoles walked down with confidence and pride, and aced his runway debut. The self-proclaimed "drag kid" is also an LGBTQ advocate and a founder of his own drag house. "We're in a polarizing moment where everything is black or white, or even black versus white. I want to break out of that narrative," told creative director Uribe to Vogue Runway.  To close NYFW, Marc Jacobs played with exagerated silhouettes, from oversized colorful outerwear to huge scarves and hats. Despite everybody's chit chat about John Targon, the new designer on board (who was nowehere to be seen on Wednesday night), Jacobs still showed a strong collection— proving that he's still got it. "These are runway clothes. That's what I know how to do...that's what I'm doing. I love doing this," said Jacobs in the press release.  Memorable piece — The iridescent taffeta trench coat that was glowing red when the spotlight hit. Potential trend — Statement oversized coats that screamed with loud colors dominated the Armory runway. Best accessory — Everything from oversized scarves, sharp wide hats, to small chain purses that hang around the neck. Collection inspiration — Jacobs took to '80s fashion illustrations with broad shoulders, huge flourishes, and bold colors. Covered by the wide hats and bowed scarves, the anonymity of models made them look like illustrations that came to life for the show.  Location — Unlike his Spring 2018 show, where he used the whole space at Park Avenue Armory, this season was intimate as models walked down the narrow old wood floors to gothic instrumental music.   See every look from the collection:  It's no secret that Walter Pearce, cofounder of Midland Agency, is one of the most talked-about casting agents in New York right now. Anything attached to Midland is sure to buck convention or outdated standards, especially when it comes to models. So to see him walk down the runway, as a model, this season for Vaquera —large bow on his head—was affirming. It signified a partnership between Midland and the label, two fashion outliers who focus on the unusual or underrepresented, which will likely last as long as either is in business. Vaquera's Fall 2018 line brought new form to things often overlooked like New York postcards and casino tables. It also, as it always does, took and remade new and iconic images. After popular Instagrammer Diet Prada "exposed" the design collective for taking inspiration from brands like Chanel, rather than buckle, Vaquera doubled down. It's long been part of their mission statement to repurpose old ideas from historic labels, and they have never claimed to do anything else. This season, was all about ecclesiastical icons—a virgin bride, a nun, a devil — which is sure to ruffle some conservative feathers.  Vaquera is known for its anti-establishment sentiment. So it was a shock when they took a famed piece of punk iconography and sent it down the runway this season, putting a sure-to-be high-fashion price tag on counterculture. Anyone familiar with punk music will recognize the "S" faux-spraypainted on a shirt and a tie hanging over as a reference to the best-known photo of the Dead Kennedys. The story behind that photo goes: On March 25, 1980, the Dead Kennedys were slated to perform their hit "California Über Alles" at the Bay Area Music Awards. 15 minutes into the live televized performance, though, lead singer Jello Biafra yelled "Hold it! We've gotta prove that we're adults now. We're not a punk rock band, we're a new wave band." Each member of the band had come out to perform with a spraypainted "S" on their shirts, and the intent was made clear when they pulled ties from around their backs to make the same dollar sign depicted in Vaquera's show. That night, the Dead Kennedys performed "Pull My Strings," a song lampooning corporatism in arts, for the first and only time. It seems odd to bring that onto a New York Fashion Week runway, invoking a feeling akin to those photos of Guy Fawkes masks being mass-produced in Chinese factories.  What price point will that Vaquera shirt sell at? Who will be able to afford this anti-capitalist statement? Or is that the point? Wouldn't it be great to see that shirt selling in a luxury department store? No one the wiser of its history.  See the full show below, courtesy of Corine & Lecca. L'Officiel USA has reached out to Jello Biafra for comment, but received no response by publishing time. Caroline Vreeland is more than just the great-granddaughter of fashion icon and former Vogue editor Diana Vreeland. She's a rising top model. Before taking over New York Fashion Week 2018, she shot an advertising campaign with shoe legend Steve Madden, in addition to other creative endeavors (like singing). But when the time came for Tom Ford's Fall 2018 Ready-to-Wear show, Vreeland also became our very own beauty unboxer, showcasing all the TF makeup products used on models and giving us unprecedented access to all the mischief and mayhem that went on behind-the-scenes before ending the night with a well-deserved glass of vino.  Take a look for yourself, below. Photography by Gladimir Gelin Memorable piece — Look 19, an iridescent almost holographic trench coat and matching supersize bag.   Remarkable fabric — The net-like gauzy tulle that romantically wrapped around the dresses, as seen in look 22, in both pink and black. Collection inspiration — Designer Sander Lak told the press he was inspired by an intense dream—and per usually, lots and lots of color. Mint pleated turtlenecks were paired with forest green trousers, and patent blush jackets with darker rose tops and inky black pants.   Potential trend — Ombré, color faded clothing in unexpected shades, like slinky slip dresses that fade from red to blue.   Location — The show took place inside the the Penn Plaza Pavilion, which was transformed into a spectacular yet dreamy light show for the occasion. It's been a popular complaint this past fashion week that things have become repetitive. Not in the "New York Fashion Week is dead" sense, but rather that the designers seem to be presenting similar things. You would be hard-pressed to find a runway show without PVC or faux fur this year. "Edgy" flair seemed to be all the rage, but it was just that: flair. Nobody fully committed to the concept of being edgy, or the idea of breaking into a territory that maybe not every single person would want to go into. That is, of course, until The Blonds' show last night.  "THIS COLLECTION IS INSPIRED BY THE PRIMEVAL AND ETERNAL CONFLICT OF GOOD VS. EVIL AS A DRIVING FORCE IN ART, LITERATURE AND FILM," the show's press materials read. The brand enlisted Yeha Leung, also known as CreepyYeha, to create leather harnesses for it. Marilyn Manson played through the speakers as models walked down the runway. The Blonds succeeded in something that many designers presenting at fashion week tried their hand at and failed. The collection wasn't about little acts of everyday rebellion. It wasn't about rebellion as an accessory, or as a quirk. This collection, in red and black with 3-inch spikes, with leather, with lace, and yes with pvc, embraced both darkness and light in a way that wasn't even about rebellion. Rather, it was about accepting that darkness and light exist in us all. The Blonds drew from art to make its newest collection, and in turn made its newest collection art. Oh, and Daphne Guinness performed and walking the finale look.  Photos from the show are below, courtesy of Lecca. Maximalism was the theme at Libertine’s Fall 2018 show, and even models' nails had fringe on them. Along with that were the signature silkscreened motifs, sequined tops, and insanely embellished coats galore. Pins, sparkly fringe and chunky crystals were just a few of the quirky combinations.   A few dresses in particular were reminiscent of the humor Johnson Hartig always brings to his shows. Lemon yellow jackets and dresses were covered in colorful bottles. Black dresses had patchwork and creature-like appliqués made of crystal and fur.   True to the designer’s form of upcyling a large percentage of the collection, Hartig took inspiration from pieces of the 1940s and 1950s and included them in the collection, after putting his own marks on them, of course.   Click below to view our exclusive photography from backstage. Photography Mich Cardin Memorable piece — Look 41, an all-white outfit styled with an oversized Americana scarf with stripes and stars.   Remarkable fabric — The leather jackets, in particular, look 6; an earthy brown moto jacket with layered pockets in different colors.   Collection inspiration — The designer was inspired by the word “cowboy” and its different iterations, meanings and cultural contexts as well as imagery of the black Western/cowboy actor Bill Pickett. It was also the first time Jean-Raymond did womenswear, although women have been wearing his covetable menswear pieces season after season. And finally, the designer’s major collaboration with Reebok was revealed on both genders—the first modern fashion collaboration for the sneaker brand. Potential trend — Cowboy hats and red, white, and blue.   Standout moment— The label is known for having a performance element during the show, and after taking a break from NYFW last season, everyone was waiting to see what Pyer Moss would do next. A gospel choir sang while the audience sat captivated. They sang Kendrick Lamar’s “Alright”.     See every look below.  Photography Andy Santiago for Reebok Circles have no beginning and no end, but that didn’t stop Jason Wu from presenting his final collection with BOSS on a rotating, meditative ring. After five years of amping the German brand’s global profile, Wu is stepping down to focus on his own eponymous line.  With only 18 looks, the designer proved his mastery of the craft: strong feminine tailoring, restrained use of color for effect (in this case, Klein Blue), and just the slightest pop of fun (the gorgeous zebra-stripped bags). He tells Vogue, “I wanted this to represent my era at the brand…just sophisticated, clean, and absolutely pristine.” He’s done that here with impressive minimalism. According to show notes, Wu’s clothes this season were inspired by the sculptural artist Robert Morris, which explains the simplicity of design, and can be best found in the juxtaposition of structural overcoats with lighter-than-air satin dresses, rather than direct imitation.  If there is a metaphor to be found in Wu’s rotating platform, it is that despite his end at BOSS, the clothes he’s created will live on in wardrobes forever.  One party isn’t enough to celebrate the first issue of L’Officiel USA. This time, we took it back to our French roots under the chandelier at Ladurée Soho, New York. On Monday, The French luxury bakery was transformed into a romantic garden cocktail party, where guests sat down on the heated patio while flipping through our first issue. Among them were illustrator Angelica Hicks, DJ Alice Longyu Gao, models Jessica Clements and Alla Kostromichova, and Oyinda. Glasses of strawberry champagne decorated with rose petals were the Instagram-friendly drink that was most too pretty to sip. Not to mention the endless flow of Ladurée’s signature macarons, eclairs, and cream puffs on three-tier cake stands. The afternoon was a perfect cross-section between French and New York aesthetics — given the location of a French bakery in the heart of Soho, and everything about L’Officiel USA. Photography by Karen Seifret Andy Warhol’s fashion was inseparable from his art. From his platinum blond mop top to his signature round specs and his dapper suits, Warhol was the belle of the punk ball at Max’s Kansas City, the infamous nightclub and fashion epicenter of 1970s NYC (and much of the inspo for the Met’s 2013 punk gala). His videos involved models, his paintings and sculptures were dazzling and colorfully crispy Pop Art that transcended the stodgy gallery space—his art was chic.   Now, 31 years after Warhol’s passing, American fashion label Calvin Klein is trying to capture some of the artist’s swish flair. The label has inked a four-year contract with the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts to have nearly carte blanche with Warhol’s creations through 2020, providing Calvin Klein’s new creative director the capability to create garments with the late artist’s work, including many little-seen artworks. The partnership pairs Calvin, a legendary company now helmed by Raf Simons—a Belgian designer whose artist collaborations have included the likes of Sterling Ruby and the Robert Mapplethorpe Foundation—with Warhol, who steered art into the contemporary era and whose shadow still loom over artists from nearly every milieu.   “Warhol’s timeless works continue to provoke and influence popular culture,” said Michael Dayton Hermann, the irector of icensing at he Andy Warhol Foundation, in an email. “His legacy ushered in a new era of hyper-individualism, unbounded creativity and a defiance of traditional conventions.”   Indeed, Simons’s Spring 2018 collection for Calvin Klein defied conventions by featuring Warhol’s 1971 portrait of Dennis Hopper wearing a cowboy hat, pieces from the “Death and Disaster” series—Warhol’s prints of electric chairs and car crashes—and Tunafish Disaster, a less well-known 1963 work about cans of tainted tuna. Morbid stuff, but then the collection ha a bit of dystopian vibe to it anyway.   “I’ve come to realize that Warhol’s genius goes much deeper than cheerful Campbell’s Soup paintings,” says Simons, who previously worked with Warhol drawings as the creative director of Dior womenswear in 2013. “He captured all sides of the American experience, including sometimes its darker sides. Warhol’s art tells more truths about this country than you can find almost anywhere else.”   That’s what makes the team-up a perfect fit: Both Calvin Klein and Andy Warhol have their roots in American-ness. Separately, both were able to impact the visual and social culture of America. We can’t wait to see what waves they make together. See more online-exclusive photos below:  Photography Connor Franta Styling Julian Antetomaso Makeup Tiffany Leigh Patton (Bernstein & Andriulli) 
Hair Tim Aylward (Atelier Management) using Oribe haircare 
Models Jabali Sandford (New York Models) and Julia Covert (Ford) 
Digital technician Sebastiano Foresi
Photo assistant Donielle Gitlin
Casting HARBINGER
Location GO Studios
Catering Better Being The chunky sneakers trend seems to be sticking around for luxury brands everywhere. Following the launch of Balenciaga's Triple S, Louis Vuitton amps up its game and devotes the only pop-up shop in New York for its Spring 2018 women's Archlight trainers. The pop-up includes a New York exclusive all-black version and will be open to the public until March 10, though they will be available online starting February 23.  The downtown space strategically puts the pop-up inside a "hypebeast" radius, with Supreme, Kith, and Stadium Goods in walking distance. The Archlight sneakers cost $1,090 a pair, so better cop one now before they become art pieces at Stadium Goods.  Anna Sui’s Fall 2018 show was a tribute to all things retro—specifically through the lens of a Detroit teenager who grew up dreaming about fashion. Floral prints, swingy dresses, scarlet hued tights and midi length printed dresses covered in plush colorful furs and bold coats fit for a magpie were all part of the designer’s latest collection. It wasn’t far from the bohemian dream vision she usually expresses. Aptly titled “Beloved,” Sui told the press that the collection was about what she dreamed of, before she came to New York. Of course, for a serious dramatic flair the dynamic duo of Gigi and Bella Hadid opened the runway show, and closed it with Kaia Gerber walking immediately before the two. Twirls and spins on the runway made the whimsical, colorful collection a little more vivid under the runway lights. Sui also collaborated with Levi’s on the runway, which came in the form of corduroy blazers and pants. See our exclusive backstage photos from the show below. Photography Mich Cardin Bottega Veneta has its eye on New York this season. For the first time, the Italian luxury brand ditches Milan Fashion Week for New York on February 9. The show will be held at the American Stock Exchange, downtown New York City.   And that’s not all. The brand just opened the biggest store in the world, designed by none other than creative director Tomas Maier. After five years developing the project, the Upper East Side Maison boasts five floors and combines three landmarked 19th century townhouses. The store stands out from blocks away (even though it’s located along Chanel’s and Tom Ford’s lavish boutiques). But when you walk through its doors, there is a sense of intimacy that almost makes you feel like you’re in a very cozy, yet luxurious New York apartment. Maybe it's the duplex style ground floor, complemented by a small mezzanine that leads to the shoe salon. Or the separate floors for women’s and men’s ready-to-wear clothes. But the golden ticket lies on the fourth floor, a new concept called “The Apartment.” The Apartment features Bottega Veneta's furniture and home collection— most of which are exclusive and made to order. “It will be very much like a real apartment. For the whole store, I wanted to maintain the feeling of being in a private home,” said Maier in the press release. There were even bookcases filled with coffee table reads and Italian art hand-picked by Maier himself. Don’t get too comfortable or you’ll start thinking you’re at a (very rich) friend’s apartment. To celebrate the new store on 740 Madison Avenue, Maier also designed a 33-piece capsule collection of leather accessories called “Icons of New York.”  See the New York inspired collection below:   Fresh off of a fantastic Fall 2018 runway show, Jeremy Scott and his friends headed to New York's Public Hotel to celebrate his collaboration with M.A.C Cosmetics. Revelers danced to DJ sets by Sita Abellan and The Misshapes, and were treated to a spectacular performance by SSION.  The designer himself sat in a booth surrounded by celebrity and non-celebrity friends alike, all sharing in the excitement of the night. Guests included Winnie Harlow, Jasmine Sanders, Aquaria, Kehlani, and Instagram's UglyWorldwide. The normally cookie-cutter event space was custom outfitted with a neon wall, tables adorned with reprints of Scott's M.A.C packaging, and even Dance Dance Revolution. Jeremy Scott wanted to draw from the downtown culture of New York in the 1980s for his collaboration, and he certainly recreated it in his party. A gallery of the night is below, all photos shot by Dannah Gottlieb. A week before NYFW, adidas Originals held a street casting for its new collaboration with a rising Amsterdam-based designer, Daniëlle Cathari. Young models (most of them not signed by any agencies) were chosen to hang out in a playground set space on Thursday, February 8, wearing deconstructed Adidas tracksuits. In turn, brand ambassador Kendall Jenner and her model friend Hailey Baldwin attended as guests, roaming around and snapping pictures of the models on set. This was exactly what Cathari had in mind: to have young, "normal" models presenting her designs with adidas Originals. The sports brand invited the 23-year-old designer to collaborate after her VFILES show last year, where she first reinvented the classic three-stripe silhouettes. For this year’s collection, she played with more color and fabric, and incorporated them into bra tops, washed denims, and cargo pants. We have a feeling that her signature design will be the new it-girl uniform.  During the presentation, we chatted with Cathari and the senior designer at Originals, Raffaella Barbey, about the collaboration. How did this collaboration with adidas come about?  Daniëlle Cathari, designer: It started with a school project, the assignment was to create three looks that best represent your signature style and I knew I wanted to do something with tracksuits, particularly the adidas tracksuit because it is just so iconic— the stripes, the signature fabric, and the color. So, I got a bunch of vintage adidas tracksuits, tore them apart, and deconstructed them into new tracksuit silhouettes in a more feminine way. And VFILES saw this on social media and they gave me the opportunity to show them during fashion week, which was exactly a year ago. Raffaella Barbey, senior designer at Originals (added): When we saw it, we were blown away by how much this young creator just showed so much love for the brand and we encouraged that, and we were curious to collaborate with her. While working with adidas, what have you learned most from the brand? What was the best piece of advice from them? DC: Coming from school, it is so different from how it works in the real world, in the industry. I think this whole process, which has been amazing, is that everything is so fast, it’s giving me this whole drive. I think that’s the main thing that I learned from this experience. That everything is going so fast. RB: From our end, we wanted to encourage her to do what she does best. Really mastering the signature design that she created and just run for it. We want to see young creators design with their lens and then just show their love for the brand. Be creative, show the brand’s identity, repurpose it, and do something that is new for the consumer of today. You held a street casting call for this presentation, and most of the models weren’t signed by any agency. Why? DC: This whole collection is for everyone, for every kind of girl and woman. We really wanted to have these real girls who are authentically themselves. It’s worked out so well. RB: We also wanted to have diversity, different sizes, different shapes, different heights. Just like Danielle said, it’s for everyone, it’s how you wear it, and this individuality that comes out.   I know that Kendall has been a part of your collaboration with adidas. Does Kendall have a favorite piece? DC: Her favorite piece is the cargo pants. She said, “this gives you super long legs. It’s like endless!” And she wore the black and off white tracksuit today. She also loves the orange tracksuit, this is the New York edition one. You’re so accomplished at such a young age. How do you juggle your time between fashion school and all of this? DC: For now, I just postponed my graduation, because I wanted to focus on this project. I mean, this opportunity, what I’m doing now, this is it.   What’s your next move after you graduate? Do you plan on moving to New York? DC: I’d love to move to New York! Maybe not this year, but yes, I definitely would love to move to New York. And I’m working on my own collection and my own brand. For your own collection, is it going to be the same style, or are you going to try new things? DC: There are definitely some signatures. My signature really is reimagining classics and the deconstruction part. But also, very much working with contrast—unexpected contrast— whether it’s color, whether it’s silhouettes, fabrics, details.   Do you notice any differences between fashion in New York and Amsterdam? DC: Amsterdam is small and cozy, I love Amsterdam, but it’s different in so many ways. For instance, the whole street casting thing, if you would do this in Amsterdam maybe only five people would show up? [Laughs] We are way too down to Earth! There is a balance with the super confident New York girls, which I also love. Adidas Originals by Daniëlle Cathari will drop on February 10. Each fashion week city (New York, London, Paris, and Shanghai) will receive an exclusive tracksuit color from the collection. A second release is set in April.  See pictures from the presentation below:  As guests took their seats at in a Chinatown loft for Collina Strada’s Fall 2018 show, one thing was clear: It was about to be a wedding.

A diverse cast of models walked the runway one by one, before lining up on the white stage. Two flower girls emerged from backstage and surrounded the audience with petals, and eventually, before a spoken word performer took the stage, Sasha Frolova emerged with a crystal bouquet. This wasn’t your tropical wedding though—the model bride was committing to love herself for eternity, rather than a partner. While the cast of models stood facing the audience (including a baby wearing a look that matched the father model), Frolova declared her vows, which she wrote herself. "You cannot start to love another until you love yourself, so why not marry your higher self?" declared the show notes.  "I vow to love myself everyday, I never fear that this may be misconstrued as vanity," said Frolova, reading her vows to a captive audience. "It's really hard to promise to love yourself forever," she told us, backstage after the show. Designer Hillary Taymour was inspired by the #MeToo movement but also the concept of every human dressing in a way in which they feel safe. Thus, there were long-sleeve yoga tops, silk skirts and translucent organza, gauzy pants and tops, along with crystal embellished shoes covered in nylon flesh-toned socks.

“I wanted to create a certain mood and have a more uplifting loving presence during fashion week with everything that has been happening in the press lately,” she told L’Officiel USA. The performance was definitievely one of the most culturally profound shows of the season so far. See all the looks from the runway below. Memorable piece — The sparkling, crystal bag carried by Grace Hartzel, embellished with the words “Pussy Power.” Remarkable fabric — Nylon Day Glo Leopard print tights in shades of red, green, and orange (which of course, complimented the matching leopard print tops and dresses). Best accessory — Aside from the bags, crystal headband wraps that made me think of all things ‘80s. Collection inspiration — There was a clear nod to the ‘80s and a very L.A. aesthetic, with animal prints, crystals, and puffy jackets. One logo sweatshirt in particular was splashed with the designer’s signature and the words "Beverly Hills." Ford relocated to L.A. from London last year, which may have inspired this look and the rest of the collection. Potential trend — Prints on prints on prints. Leopard print tights paired with leopard dresses and tops felt modern and new for the next season. Location — The show took place inside the glamorous Park Avenue Armory, with champagne cocktails. The room and runway glowed with a violet hue. See every look from the show:  Founded in 2015, LANDLORD is quickly becoming one of the biggest brands you've never heard of. Lauded by Vogue and once called "hip-hop's favorite favorite label" by Billboard Magazine, the brand has made a splash with its runway shows in the past. This time was no different; heavily made up models walked to loud, brash music as they showcased next season's punk-inspired line. Seeing as LANDLORD is already known for its military, utilitarian styles, the designs slid right into the often-inaccessible subculture's niche. Front row were big names in music such as Metro Boomin, Smokepurpp, and SAINt JHN, as well as noted photographer Gunner Stahl. Creative director Ryohei Kawanishi had people cheering at his show this season, and we can't wait to see it on our favorite rappers come fall. See the line below. Calvin Klein's long-standing relationship with The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts brings forth the latest installment of the partnership – a special Calvin Klein Underwear capsule collection.

Classic white underwear styles will be printed with provocative stills from one of Warhol's earliest films. Titled Kiss, the 1963 flick was his response to Hollywood censorship during the sixties, which forbade kissing scenes lasting beyond three seconds. True to form, Warhol, challenged this by filming 12 couples kiss for a total of 42 minutes.

The collection will boast seven styles for both men and women.

Film stills courtesy of Andy Warhol, Kiss, 1963. All images Andy Warhol Foundation, The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts and The Andy Warhol Museum.   Purchase your pair here.  On Saturday, February 3, intersectional activists and members of New York City's fashion community gathered in Brooklyn to celebrate the release of the recently published Together We Rise book: a collection of interviews with organizers of the Women's March movement, essays by feminist activists, and never-before-seen photos from actual marches around the country. And with Fashion Week a mere three days away, the event aptly doubled as the unveiling of a new online shop boasting items from several NYFW designers, with proceeds set to benefit both Planned Parenthood and Women's March: Together We Rise.  It's an idea that's nothing short of genius — an accessible course of action that feels authentic and devoid of any gimmicky/commercial "wokeness." Here, you will find items from the main collections of some of our favorite designers like Brandon Maxwell, Mara Hoffman, Brother Vellies, Gabriela Hearst, Pyer Moss, Gypsy Sport, and Chromat (among others), in addition to several pieces created specifically for the site. There's no better way to combine a love of shopping with a love of supporting women if you ask us.  View and shop the collection in full, here.  Like so many of history's greatest pop stars, Justin Timberlake has undergone a diverse, rich fashion evolution. From Canadian tuxedos and graffiti-printed ensembles to fedoras paired with formal evening wear, the 37-year-old entertainer has shown he's unafraid when it comes to exploring the many realms of men's fashion. So when it came time for his third Super Bowl halftime show performance, we anxiously awaited to see which designer he would choose to wear. And true to the nature-inspired ethos of his latest era, it was only obvious that the Man of the Woods would consult the ever-wonderful (and ever-sustainable) Stella McCartney to produce his custom halftime show swag.  "For last night's #SuperBowl half-time show @JustinTimberlake wore an alter-nappa fringed jacket with an organic cotton shirt featuring a landscape artwork by British artist #MartinRidley," McCartney wrote in an Instagram post. "The pieces are inspired by the upcoming Autumn Winter 2018 collection." While there was no promise of a N*SYNC reunion, Timberlake managed to make everything look effortless and cool as he danced his way through a medley of hits such as "Rock Your Body," "SexyBack" and "Can't Stop the Feeling."  While the performance itself was lackluster compared to the show-stopping forces of last year's Gaga Extravaganza, Timberlake did manage to display sustainable fashion on a national stage, which in our opinion, was the highlight of Super Bowl 52.  When it comes to advertising, most brands want to cast the It-celebrity, have the edgiest pictures, spark some controversies, and most importantly, BREAK THE INTERNET. You know what they say, any publicity — even if it’s bad — is good publicity. And the results from recent years? You’ve got Kendall Jenner on every billboard and campaign: one day she’s an adidas girl and now she’s the face of Tod’s. When you see the same face across so many brands, the identity of these brands gets diluted. Since they share the same face for the brand, do they share the same identity then? Not necessarily, but nothing really sets them apart either. And we as consumers, become desensitized to these ads. We become bored. Recently, other brands have dealt with this in a completely opposite (positive) way. Sort of like a strike back to these star-studded campaigns. During the holidays, Sephora launched its most diverse holiday campaign by inviting more than 1,000 of its own employees to submit a video entry to be featured in the company's next advertising campaign.  Y/Project also featured the whole atelier team, including the interns, for its Spring2018 collection. The photoshoot somehow also served as a company outing, where they drove to the outskirts of Paris, swam, and even rode on horses. Creative director Glenn Martens told Dazed that he wanted to celebrate the individuality of the Y/Project family, so that “each [employee] is part of the history of the brand.” Demna Gvasalia has also successfully done this with Vetements and Balenciaga’s Spring 2018 campaigns. For its menswear collection, normal people were shot in the streets of Zurich by Gvasalia — a candid picture of a couple with their baby, an old man awkwardly posing in front of an erotic shop, and a tourist holding a piece of wrinkled map. So, is this all some reverse psychology ploy to grab more consumers? Probably. Is it working? Definitely. And we have a feeling that this is going to become a growing trend in the future. Fashion films have been around for some time, but they're mostly there to serve as complementary ads to print campaigns and shows at fashion week. But now, with the digital-first and mobile-friendly culture, brands are turning to more democratic and effective ways to spread their campaigns. In one click, everyone can see the full collection on YouTube — even Rag & Bone prefers a fashion film over the runway. With moving pictures, brands have more freedom to tell their narratives, while combining music and cinematography at the same time. But can films replace traditional runway shows? Rag & Bone  This morning, Rag & Bone released a six-minute fashion film starring actors Kate Mara and Ansel Elgort. The brand’s Creative Director Marcus Wainwright decided to show the entire collection in the Why We Can’t Get Along film rather than at New York Fashion Week. This doesn't come as a surprise. Before Rodarte and other designers opted out of a runway show this season, Rag & Bone has been anti-runway since last year — for the Fall 2017 collection Wainwright exchanged a show for a portrait exhibition in his 13th Street studio.  “This is way more dangerous, way more inspiring, much more complicated. If I’ve got to spend three months organizing something, I’d rather it was this than a show,” told Wainwright to the New York Times. Watch Elgort roll in a wheel and Mara’s hip-hop moves to the soundtrack by Thom Yorke, lead singer of Radiohead, below: Bottega Veneta For its Spring 2018 campaign, the luxury brand decided on a six-episode cinematic film, titled Reflections. The first episode, Mirragio, features model Vittoria Ceretti walking with a handbag on fire, towards a burning car (very different from Bottega's usual classic style). A new vision for Bottega is coming our way, especially with the brand's first show in New York next week instead of Milan. Director Fabien Baron said in the press release, "What was important to us was to tell the Bottega Veneta story through the most narrative medium available today; film."  Watch the first episode below:  Givenchy  Directed by Steven Miesel, the new Givenchy Spring 2018 ad campaign is a paradox. Young models in rock-inspired outfits roamed around an old, abandoned mansion, as they stare at reflections of themselves through ancient-looking mirrors. The film is both outdated and relevant. On one side, it portrayed the self-absorbed society we are living in today (hence the models repeatedly looking at their self on mirrors). And on the other side, they were chasing a cat and clapping with each other — not to mention the whole film was shot in black and white.  For her Spring 2018 ready-to-wear and couture collection, Creative Director Clare Waight Keller turned to Hubert de Givenchy's sketches and adapted it to be modern today. And the fashion film captures that nuance.  You can watch the clip here. Before her appointment as Givenchy’s first female artistic director last March, Clare Waight Keller made her mark at Chloé with an aesthetic that embodied both casual femininity and effortless grace. But the British designer also possessed a flair for something else: designing beautiful accessories. She has certainly brought that skill over with her at Givenchy — and the GV3 bag is proof. As her first handbag line for Givenchy, the GV3 takes its name from the initials of the Maison's historic address on Avenue George V, number 3. In keeping with the Givenchy spirit, the new design is a study in contrasts: polished yet practical; chic yet casual. Despite its petite appearance, the GV3 boasts plenty of room thanks to its spacious three-compartment accordion structure. Polished flat-grained leather meets velvety suede, accentuated with dyed/hand-painted exotic leathers such as cat snake or python leather. Like the rest of Keller’s past designs, the GV3 is stylish but practical at the same time. Thanks to its dual chain and leather straps, the bag can be worn four different ways: on the arm, shoulder, cross-body, or as an evening clutch. Alternatively, you can take cues from the opening look of Keller’s debut Givenchy collection and sport the Nano as a belt. The GV3 comes in four sizes from nano to medium, and will be available in selected Givenchy stores from March 5, 2018. From an Oscar-nominated actress to a punk-rock singer, Juliette Lewis now stars in Acne Studios' Spring 2018 campaign. According to i-D, the brand wants to showcase a strong woman of the '90s for its new campaign. In the past, Acne has always done something bold and relevant — Last year, Acne featured a gay married couple and their four children to portray what a modern family looks like.  Founder and creative director Jonny Johansson told i-D, "Acne Studios is loud, Juliette's loud. Juliette has played several roles that characterize the mood of the collection. She has an amazing energy.” Take a look at the Spring 2018 campaign shot by Talia Chetrit:  Photographer Mary Fix Stylist Kimberly Nguyen Model Lary Muller (Supreme) Hair Rebekah Calo using R+Co Makeup Michael Chua using CHANEL Palette Essentielle DP Kylie Morrison (Signed Stella) Video Producer (Kelsey Tyler) Just when we thought the newest Marvel movie couldn’t get any more hyped, with the impending release of Kendrick Lamar’s soundtrack and the star-studded premiere, it will now join New York Fashion Week for a fashion showcase. Grab a pen and a post-it, because you might want to jot this down. Black Panther: Welcome to Wakanda will take place on February 12 at 775 Washington Street, from 8 to 10 p.m. We can also expect cast members from the movie to make an appearance, according to WWD. The event will feature designers who have worked with Marvel Studios to create outfits inspired by the movie’s characters and themes. Chromat, Fear of God, Ikiré Jones, Tome, and more designers have designed seven one-of-a-kind pieces that will not only be presented to editors and fellow celebrities in New York, but will also be auctioned off in support of Save the Children. Now that’s some superhero action right there. Ikiré Jones, who designed an African-inspired menswear outfit for the event, told WWD, “It’s an attempt to help uplift the voices of people who have been marginalized historically and in the present day, both in the U.S. and globally, and Ikiré Jones specifically does that by using fashion as a vehicle to address these issues.” Black Panther is really setting the bar high for a pre-release publicity. As the first superhero movie to star a black lead character, the movie successfully combines culture, music, and fashion to send its empowering message. We can't wait to watch it on February 16.  The entire cast and crew of Marvel Studios' latest superhero epic did not disappoint when it came to following the dress code for the film's premiere in Los Angeles. Huffington Post reported that "Royal attire" was requested of the premiere's attendees, and that's exactly what we got.  "I was hoping for this," the film's costume designer Ruth E. Carter expressed on the purple carpet. “How best to get the party started than to, on premiere night, have the cast, have the crew, have the directors and everybody participate in this explosion of patterns and African prints? Everyone can join in the fun!“  Stars like Angela Basset, Lupita Nyong'o, and Issa Rae stunned in gorgeous, brightly-colored gowns embellished with jewels, tassels, and holographic silks, while Chadwick Boseman, Daniel Kaluuya, and Donald Glover each wore remixed versions of a classic suit. The evening was a true celebration of color — in all aspects.  While the once-glamourous fanfare surrounding blockbuster movie premieres seems to have dwindled in recent years, the premiere of Black Panther indicates that a red carpet renaissance is upon us. Make that a purple carpet.   Bask in all the glory below.   Since Gucci went fur-free, there has been added pressure on fashion brands to stop using fur. This is largely due to how unethical it is to obtain fur, particularly in the quantities and varieties necessary for luxury brands. The Kooples is the latest brand to choose the cruelty-free stance, even collaborating with PETA on an exclusive clutch. The clutch is made of faux pony hair and vegan leather, covered in a leopard print.  This is, according to a press statement, "a wake-up call to help fashion become a more sustainable and ethical industry, as well as a more innovative sector by looking for qualitative alternatives to real fur," which makes sense given that the clutch takes vegan approaches to three different animal-based textiles. It will soon be available in all The Kooples stores online, wih all proceeds from sales going directly to PETA. A photo of the bag is below. Memorable piece — Look 11, a black transparent crystal encrusted kaftan that moved like water. Remarkable fabric — The bright purple jacket made completely of feathers—which made for the most incredible slow-mo instagram of the week. Best accessory — The skinny scarves worn by both men and women on the runway added an extra chic rocker aesthetic. Collection inspiration — This was the first time the designer showed both men and women’s clothing on the runway, and that played a major part of the inspiration. According to the brand’s statement, Simoëns proposed a collection that transcended genders. Here, women could wear the sequined pants seen on men and men could wear the glittering biker jackets and metallic blazers seen on women. Potential trend — Sequined pants in cool jewel toned colors and crystal studded everything. Plus, black and gold colorways. Location — The show took place inside the Musée de l'Homme (an anthropology museum) in Paris. Guests entered to an array of neon signs in different languages before walking up a set of stairs to take their seats inside the venue. Memorable piece — The opening look, an ornate gold dress that seemed to float across the stage. The massive creation also had golden flowers and stems sprouting from the neckline. It was made of woven bamboo from Huangshan in Anhui, China. The designer worked with craftsmen with over 30 years of experience to create the piece. Remarkable fabric — Most of the pieces were surreal in their presence, with fabric research done in Switzerland. Look 12 had incredible ruffled sleeves that riffed on the circus theme. Best accessory — The shoes were sky-high and required Circus workers to escort the models to the stage. Each had a translucent, wide, circular heel. Collection inspiration — Guo Pei typically presents her most fantastical collections in January, and her more wearable couture collections in July. This time was no exception, and the designer mentioned the theme of “Life,” as the main inspiration. For her, that meant a world where mermaids, elves, princesses, and deities come together to play. Location — The show took place inside a circus venue in Paris— Cirque d'hiver. Guests took their seats in the space, while a huge lit up tree that changed colors hung above them. After models each took their turn one by one, slowing walking around the stage, a model wearing a more traditional (but still spectacular) white dress came center stage to white feathers falling from the ceiling. It ended up a procession of models and a live drumming, plus many bravos and standing ovations. Memorable piece — Look 7, a pastel embellished slip dress worn over a translucent long-sleeved tee, with a long scarf and glasses.  Remarkable fabric — The silk floral pleated dresses and tops seen throughout the collection. The pleats were cut so that they had raw edges. Best accessory — The long scarves that had a refreshingly boho vibe. As models walked, they trailed off behind them in the most elegant way. Also, the supersized soft leather bags in natural tones, which models carried in the nook of their elbows. Collection inspiration — According to Johansson, “I’ve always been inspired by those who make the active choice to live away from the city. It’s amazing to see creative people gain clarity of mind when they escape. This is about their wardrobe, which evolves to be its own language.” Front row celebs – Juliette Lewis, Sara Forestier, Isabelle Huppert, Stephen Jones, and Michel Gaubert. Potential trend — Belted coats. The collection had many of them in all different shapes, silhouettes, sizes, materials, and colors—from a simply belted white knee-length option to a loosely cut lilac blazer. Memorable piece — Look 22, which was part of a series of monochromatic looks. This one consisted of a bright fuchsia-hued suit and gravity-defying hair (by Odile Gilbert) that matched the color almost exactly. Remarkable fabric — Look 47, a jumpsuit made of op art fabrics and hallucinatory paillettes—enough to make anyone do a double take. Best accessory — The dizzying array of mod inspired drop earrings in black and white. Model standout – Coco Rocha walked her two-year-old daughter down the runway in a matching outfit (with matching hair). The two did a synchronized dance that had everyone in the room on their feet trying to take photos. Collection inspiration — Pierre Cardin was the collection’s inspiration. The show notes described it as an homage. Front row celebs – Pierre Cardin himself was in the front row. The 95-year-old had camera crews surrounding him before he took his seat, and drag queen Violet Chachki was there, too. Potential trend — A revival of ‘60s style, black and white prints and op art illusions on clothing—along with fun shoulder dusting earrings. It’s only the first month of the year, but Galliano has already made two breakthroughs with his first menswear show and his couture collection. While everybody seemed to be feeling the throwback this season — either with a 90’s or 80’s revival — Galliano looked forward and went high-tech. At Margiela’s Artisanal show, guests were encouraged to turn their camera flashes on, capturing images of iridescent fabric on see-through trench coats. So in theory, were there in fact two collections (one captured without a flash on and the other with)?   Pierpaolo Piccoli defined couture this season with over-exaggerated headpieces and (surprisingly) down-to-earth clothing. On the runway: baggy camel trousers, a sheer tank untucked, and a baby blue feathery headwear overflowing (and balancing) on a model’s head. The headpieces were designed by none other than Philip Treacy, whose spellbinding hats have been worn by Lady Gaga and used in numerous fashion shows like Alexander McQueen and Givenchy. Vauthier never disappoints with his rock 80’s couture vibes. He played with broad shoulders, red-leather harem pants, and a giant tartan bow. “I like that it’s a little anarchic but with the codes of couture,” told Vauthier to Vogue Runway. But best of all, the French designer announced a new sunglasses collaboration with the eyewear label Alain Mikli— starring Kate Moss in the campaign. And they’re to die for. The Chloé alumni channeled Hubert de Givenchy’s style for her first couture collection on Tuesday in Paris. “The structure and graphism Hubert had in his work at the beginning,” she told Vogue Runway. As the label’s first female artistic director, she emphasized feminine silhouettes, with tailored suits, pleated long skirts, and skinny high-waisted pants. Supermodel Coco Rocha surprised everyone at Jean Paul Gaultier’s show when she closed the runway with her two-year-old daughter, Ioni James Conran. They were even wearing the same off-the-shoulder dress and hairstyle. If you haven’t followed her already, Conran has quite a following on Instagram (65.9k followers) and she already scored a GAP campaign last May. Watch out Kaia Gerber, she might catch up sooner than you think. For Dior’s haute couture collection, Maria Grazia Chiuri transformed models into surrealist art pieces walking down a massive checkerboard runway. As if the painted-on lashes and winged liners were not enough, models wore rectangular and lacy masks, designed by Stephen Jones. No doubt that if those masks ever hit the shelves, they would run out in a heartbeat— though we're not sure if those “fashion-forward” customers would ever find a real purpose for them. Do they count as sunglasses? Memorable piece — Look 11, a black turtleneck gown with a floor-length frilled, jewel-toned ombre skirt. Remarkable fabric — Look 7, a metallic silver dress, trimmed with blue and white feathers or look 24, a milky translucent jacket made of latex. Best accessory — Things were kept minimal with all focus on the clothes—no accessories, jewelry or bags. Collection inspiration — Clare Waight Keller’s pieces were influenced the by the balance of structure and motion—as well graphic tailoring and “the cycles of our moon shimmer in optical adornment,” according to the brand’s show notes. The designer also looked to the glimmering moonlight and the way things appear under it. Potential trend — Long latex coats with unexpectedly chic tailoring, in unconventional shades like Yves Klein Blue and peach. The location — The show took place inside the National Archives in Paris. Models trailed through multiple rooms while the light was kept low (a reference to the moon) and a spotlight created shadows on the wall in contrast with the chandeliers, which were not on. Memorable piece — Look 2, a jacquard burgundy blanket cape covered in what looked like little faces and wrapped up and pinned with a brooch near the neckline.   Remarkable fabric — Look 30, a knee-length white dress with various thicknesses of mesh fabric overlaid. It was equal parts chic business woman and mermaid princess. Best accessory — The two-toned silver and gold drop earrings worn by most of the models.   Collection inspiration — The collection was inspired by a new Ellery woman that relates to couture: “A joy for objects, an eye for detail and a mind that dreams to bring them together,” according to the brand’s statement. Transcending mediums, including art, sculpture and upholstery were also influences and Ellery is calling this collection “a new chapter.”   Potential trend — The return of the statement pant (in the form of glittery trousers from your Kira Kira dreams) and patent animal print pants and also, remixed suiting. There were several suits with unexpected cut-outs and oversized silhouettes that felt extremely modern and new. The location — The show took place inside Paris’ École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts (a prominent fine arts school near the Seine). A bright red-orange carpet made the setting feel surreal. For last year's campaign, GAP brought in BritishVogue Editor-in-Chief Edward Enninful to direct, style, and cast Adwoa Aboah, Wiz Khalifa, Priyanka Chopra and Yara Shahidi (among others) in a campaign called "Bridging the Gap," focusing on equality.  This year, they've brought together people that they believe have extreme and unique influence on today's culture—"Culture Remixers," as they call them—to promote their newest Logo Remix collection. The collection is made up of "remixed" versions of vintage GAP logos, and sees record producer Metro Boomin, Miles Heizer of 13 Reasons Why, Awkwafina of Ocean's 8, Bria Vinaite of The Florida Project, singer Sabrina Claudio, actress and comedian Naomi Watanabe, author and entrepreneur Connor Franta, TV radio personality Maya Jama, and makeup artist Sir John While we wait for the print photos, watch a 60-second clip, full of choreography your mom could be proud of below.  For Christian Dior’s spring 2018 haute couture show, Artistic Director Maria Grazia Chiuri took inspiration from the original surrealists, such as Leonor Fini, in the form of black and white dresses and masked and temporary tattooed models. Just hours after the fabulous show took place inside the Musée Rodin, the space transformed from runway to surrealist playground for its masked ball. The brand decked out one of the main rooms with huge hanging plaster sculptures of eyes, noses, ears, mouths and bare torsos, as a tribute to the visual disembodiment loved by the surrealists for the show and party. The façade of the museum had a video and sound installation projected onto it—with an eye shifting into the shape of a bird.   This event followed Dior’s masked ball last year, during couture week in Paris last January, and of course there were a slew of celebs there: Bella Hadid, Winnie Harlow, Jeanne Damas, and Alexa Chung were just a few who attended, and Willow Smith gave a killer performance. Guests spent the night taking selfies with a row of guards dressed as chess pieces, women in head-to-toe beige spandex outfits, performers wearing candelabras and decks of cards on their heads, and Go-go style dancers wearing 3D uniforms mimicking playing cards. And for those who didn’t bring a mask to the masked ball, cloud printed Stephen Jones masks (the milliner also crafted the same masks that appeared in the couture show earlier that day) were handed out and they just happened to match the cloud printed outfits and faces of the men pouring endless champagne.   Memorable piece —  Look 10, a piece with a supersized, metallic tartan print bow.   Remarkable design — The purple chiffon poof-like dress (Look 4) styled with black wet-look thigh high boots.   Best accessory — Hands down, the crystal embellished eyewear designed in collaboration with French eyewear brand Alain Mikli. The frames take inspiration from the aesthetics of fashion photographers Helmut Newton and Guy Bourdin. Model standout — Bella Hadid, who closed the show wearing a glamorous forest green robe, ankle-strap heels and a pair of the aforementioned crystal studded glasses.   Collection inspiration — Continuing last season’s link to the fabulosity of the ‘80s, Alexandre Vauthier dove deep into the fashions of the New Wave and Romantic Era.    Potential trends — Vauthier’s pieces are timeless for a certain clientele—mini dresses, bold silk numbers with giant shoulders and oversized, sexy overwear made for a nightclub. On the trend front, think pirate-style blouses and cropped pants, or one of the ornate hats. Location — Per usual, the show was held inside the Grand Palais, with bold blue lighting that matched the overall vibe of the collection.   See every look below.  Memorable piece —  Look 11, a textured, braided cape made of pink feathers, raffia and plastic bags—fantasy at its finest.   Remarkable design — There were rainbow knitted dresses, with beaded nylon, which seemed to be light as air and floating.   Best accessory — Pearl beaded earrings and a collaboration of bags from Lucie de la Falaise and creative director Bertrand Guyon. Model standout — The silver haired actress, Marie Sophie Wilson-Carr, who wore a patchwork guipere, raffia and lace dress.   Collection inspiration — The creative director cited pagan myths, Nubian tales and far away kingdoms as inspiration—which could be seen in the form od dresses embellished with insect embroidery and beading, Swarovski details and even hand painted motifs.   Potential trends — Schiaparelli isn’t one to influence trends on a major level, but the insect motifs (from butterflies to beetles and bees) could catch on.   Location — The show was held in the brand’s historic location, inside 21 Place Vendome, where the couture salon also exists. Models wandered through different small, intimate rooms which served as the runway during the show. There is no doubt that the traditional runway has come a long, long way from its editor-only, salon-staged origins, but the intention has remained the same: to present and review a collection. So does Vetements’ latest runway take things a bit too far? From the beginning, the brand has challenged fashion preconceptions — from unofficial runways in gay clubs to a collection of collaborations to the signature oversized sweatshirts that redefine “one size fits all.” Layering, too, and anarchistic “bad taste” styling has been a signature of Lotta Volkova who dresses Vetements’ presentations. For Fall 2018 menswear, the brand went all-in, sending models down the runway in layers upon layers of clothes. Patterns cover patterns, kimonos cover flannels, headscarves cover hats, jackets cover jackets, creating an indiscernible mélange of fabrics. There might be a bodysuit or two, but good luck finding them. It’s nearly impossible to evaluate any actual design because it’s nearly impossible to make out where one item ends and the other begins. There’s no immediate conceptual or artistic element to it either, like in the way Rei Kowakubo presents an amorphous dress as a critique of body ideals, for example. It begs the question why have a runway show at all? And perhaps that is exactly the point.   See a selection of Vetements Fall 2018 menswear below.  Nike has, by and large, been made for men. That's not to say they don't make shoes for women, but rather that their overall brand persona has long been catered to men more so than women. With its most recent release though it seems they're looking to change that. For its new collection, optimistically (and gender-neutrally!) titled Reimagined 1, Nike asked 14 female designers to re-vamp their iconic Air Force 1 and Air Jordan 1 shoes over the course of five days. What they came out with was 10 sneakers, five of each shoe inspired by the designers' view of a modern woman's style. The archetypes they came up with are the Lover, the Jester, the Explorer, the Sage, and the Rebel, each a different interpretation of the same shoe, which represents the multi-faceted nature of a woman.  "They were designed for men, and now the challenge was to reimagine them for women," a senior creative director at Nike Sportswear, Georgina James, stated. The women worked as a team, ultimately creating sneakers that were wholly reimagined.   Check out what the team's reimaginations below.  The year just started, but it’s already been busy for King Combs. Just last week, Diddy’s son, Christian “King” Combs, opened Dolce & Gabbana’s show in Milan. D&G also announced that the 19-year-old will be the face of the brand’s spring 2018 campaign. And now, IMG models is signing with Combs for a worldwide representation.  His passion for the industry doesn’t stop at the catwalks, however. Combs told W Magazine last year that he's working on a collection with his dad for Sean John, P. Diddy’s clothing label.  Further following in his father's footsteps, the hip-hop artist also released a new single, “Feeling Savage,”  in December and plans to launch his first official album this year. The signing, much like the music career, should come as little surprise to anyone. Celebrity children-turned-models is now common place on runways and ad campaigns, and, especially, magazines. The draw, of course, is clout. You don't need to follow Kris Jenner or Yolanda Hadid to know that both are always gushing over the gigs of their children to millions of followers. More often than not, the offspring have more substantial followings of their own. The days of being discovered at an airport (like Kate Moss) or on a public sidewalk (Naomi Campbell) are long behind us.    Young fashion designers, worry not—you still have time to apply for the 5th edition of the LVMH Prize, as the application period ends February 4. And there is new talent added to the judging panel.  This year, designers will be under the scrutiny of new specialists and final judges, including Sara Maino (Deputy Editor-In-Chief of Italian Vogue) and Burak Cakmak (Dean of Fashion at New York's Parsons School of Design) in the semi-finals; and Haider Ackermann of Berluti, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of LVMH, Sidney Toledano, and Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy in the final round. If you're strong enough to want your work evaluated by some of the absolute most important people in the fashion business, this would be your chance.  While the semi-finals are coming up on March 1st and 2nd, the finals aren't until June—that date is still to be announced. In a statement to the press, Delphine Arnaut reflected upon the evolving importance and influence of the prize, saying: "I wish to warmly thank the fashion professionals and specialists involved in the Prize for their loyalty and their support to young designers, as well as the members of the jury. Since it was launched in 2014 by LVMH, the Prize has truly nurtured young fashion designers from all over the world and it instantly met with tremendous success internationally. It has become a reference in the fashion business and from its inception, the Prize has seen over 5,000 applications and welcomed over 27 different nationalities and 110 designers to the semi-final. Furthermore, over 4 years, the Prize has distinguished 9 winners among the most talented of their generation. It is the responsibility of the LVMH group, as the leader of its industry, to honor and support tomorrow's talents and to help them assert themselves and grow." Since their supreme court case and ensuing failed attempts to sell their company, Abercrombie & Fitch has had to do a little bit of rebranding. When both foot traffic and interest in their company waned, the brand was forced to make some unpredictable moves. Now, it seems, with the release of Abercrombie Kids' new gender-neutral "Everybody Collection," the brand is hoping to jump on a movement.  This might come as a surprise to anyone born before Generation Z, people sold on Bruce Weber's version of male sexuality and females as accessories. The brand's advertising material certainly didn't appeal to "everybody." Most, in fact, associate the brand with the opposite: prohibitively high-priced clothing for preppy and predominantly white young people. The aesthetics seeped into office culture, too, hence the brand's wrap up in a Supreme Court case regarding their discriminatory hiring policies. On a scale of one to "woke," ten years ago, Abercrombie & Fitch wasn't on it.  But people change, and brands change. Abercrombie & Fitch was founded in 1892, certainly its reputation has changed since then. We're willing to give them a shot. And apparently, they're willing to give us one, as this new development was based off customer feedback. The brand now wants to appeal to children who break gender boundaries, and parents who don't want to force their children to conform to them. It's a surprising move by a company that has a history of discrimination, and hopefully the first in a series of moves that make the brand more inclusive towards all people.  Following several high-profile departures in the past few months — Christopher Bailey at Burberry and Phoebe Philo at Céline — tonight another joins the fray as Kim Jones is announces departure from Louis Vuitton. Jones has helmed Louis Vuitton menswear since 2011 and will show his last collection for the brand this Thursday at Paris Men's Fashion Week. His name is no stranger to most as his collections are covetable by both men and women worldwide, across all subcultures. Recently, Jones made a bold move of crossing luxury with streetwear with his Louis Vuitton x Supreme capsule collection, which caused a global phenomenon. The designer will officially be exiting the brand in March 2018. In a statement, Michael Burke, chairman and chief executive of Louis Vuitton says, "It has been a huge privilege to work with Kim. His ability to set trends is impeccable and his talent and determination have ensured that Louis Vuitton is firmly placed as the leading brand in luxury menswear today. "All of us who have been fortunate to work with Kim wish him continued success in his next venture." While not official, there have been speculations that Kim will be heading to Burberry to replace Christopher Bailey as the Chief Creative Officer. Stay tuned for more! Helmut Lang has announced that Alix Browne, a founding editor of downtown NYC fashion glossy V Magazine will replace Isabella Burley, the editor-in-chief of Dazed, as editor-in-residence. Formerly, Browne served as features director of W and style editor of T magazine. The move comes with the brand’s relaunch and the role is meant to replace the more traditional Creative Director title. The idea is that, with a rotational editor, Helmut Lang can keep up with the constant need for newness from consumers.  In the role, Burley tapped Hood by Air designer Shayne Oliver as the first guest editor for the brand. As his involvement, too, comes to an end, there will be plenty of speculation of who Browne will bring into the fold. In a statement to Business of Fashion, she says, “If you look around at the fashion landscape today, the influence of Helmut Lang, his relevance, has probably never been greater and it’s evident in the way fashion is designed, presented, and communicated [today].”  It’s unclear if Browne will continue new programs set forth by Burley, including the Helmut Lang Re-Edition program, which saw archival pieces reissued online, and the Seen by: The Artist Series, which made commercial products out of the archival works of different visual artists. As part of the job, Browne will set the the tone and aesthetic for the company.  Browne is expected to announce her guest designer in February.  For the first time, Balenciaga is working with online retailers on a men's and women's capsule collection, which will take inspiration from the brand's spring 2018 show. Balenciaga x Net-a-Porter is releasing 53 pieces and Balenciaga x Mr. Porter is releasing 34 pieces, with some exclusive designs available only to the retailers. Prices range from a $100 socks to a $4,930 biker jacket.  Although it's the label's first collaboration with a retailer, Creative Director Demna Gvasalia is an expert when it comes to teaming up with other brands. His show for Vetements Spring 2017 alone had included 18 collaborators such as Canada Goose, Levi's and Comme des Garçons. Is Gvasalia slowly leading Balenciaga in the same direction?  Imagine being 16 and getting to design a collection with Karl Lagerfeld. Well, you would have to be Kaia Gerber, daughter of Cindy Crawford, to do so. The Kaia x Karl capsule is coming, and so shortly (three months) after her debut season on the runway, no less. This just shows Gerber's massive influence on the community—her 2.7 million Instagram followers hold their own weight.  The line itself, which releases in September, will hit the crossover between Kaia's West Coast, laid-back style and the refined Parisian chic Lagerfeld is known for. According to WWD, it will have all kinds of items: things for nighttime and daytime, and accessories as well as clothes. It will be released in Karl Lagerfeld stores and on Karl.com, along with a select few other stores. It's fitting for Gerber's first collaboration, as she finished her first catwalk season (gracing 18 runways) by opening the Chanel show for Lagerfeld. In a statement, chief executive officer of the Karl Lagerfeld brand Pier Paolo Righi said that "the collection will definitely inspire many young women," making us look even further forward to what Kaia and Karl have in store. Photo by Alessandro Pardo 
(@pardo_alessandro) Multiple male models have come forth to accuse noted fashion photographers Mario Testino and Bruce Weber of sexual assault and coercion, on top of the already growing accusations by female models against photographer Terry Richardson. While it has long been well known amongst the fashion community (a quick search for "Terry Richardson sexual assault" turns up many first-hand accounts) that Richardson was allegedly abusing his models, the information provided by no less than 15 male models regarding Bruce Weber and 13 male models and assistants regarding Mario Testino is relatively new. However, as light continues to be shed on these situations, it seems these facts were at least tacitly known by those at the upper echelons of the fashion and photography worlds.  Regarding the allegations, Bruce Weber stated “I’m completely shocked and saddened by the outrageous claims being made against me, which I absolutely deny,” while Testino's law firm "challenged the characters and credibility" of those making accusations against him. However, due to the frequency and disturbing detail in which the claims have been made, it's hard to disbelieve those accusing both photographers. So hard, in fact, that Vogue—once it was done promoting a new cover of Serena Williams shot by Mario Testino—announced that parent company Condé Nast had implemented new rules for its photo shoots, including things like "alcohol will no longer be allowed on Condé Nast sets" and "any shoot involving nudity, sheer clothing, lingerie, swimwear, simulated drug or alcohol use, or sexually suggestive poses must be approved in advance by the subject." A statement made by Anna Wintour just three days ago, long after the initial allegations surfaced about Weber, expresses that despite the fact "both are personal friends of [hers] who have made extraordinary contributions to Vogue and many other titles at Condé Nast," those at the media conglomerate have "decided to put [their] working relationship with both photographers on hold for the foreseeable future." Somehow, that doesn't feel like enough. Foto by Alessandro Pardo 
(@pardo_alessandro) With two Golden Globes and two Critics' Choice award wins, a 95% on Rotten Tomatoes, and an order for season two already under its belt, it seems the world can't get enough of Amazon's most recent original hit series, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel — and with good reason. Rachel Brosnahan stars as Miriam "Midge" Maisel, a lovable and flawed 1950s housewife whose life turns upside-down when she realizes her winning passion for stand-up comedy—and the barriers she must tear down in pursuing it. Given the conversation surrounding women in entertainment today, it's a series that feels right at home in 2018.  Equally winning is the real-life Mrs. Maisel, who took home the prizes for Best Actress at both recent ceremonies. And if there were an award for best dressed, she would have won that, too. Here, we catch up with Brosnahan's stylist, Sarah Slutsky (who's worked with Emma Watson, Elizabeth Olsen, and Jessica Williams) to talk about their collaborative relationship, and how she goes about bringing a little Midge to the red carpet. William Defebaugh How did you first get involved with styling Rachel? Sarah Slutsky Very traditional methods. I’m at the Wall Group, and my agent introduced us. Our first meeting was so lovely. We’re from the same neighborhood in Chicago. We just clicked and hit it off immediately. Regardless of whether or not we were going to work together, I knew she was someone I wanted to be friends with my entire life. WD What is the first thing you do when going about dressing a new client? SS It’s super collaborative. You spend time together in the beginning talking about goals and what are some of the client’s style icons, what they’re looking to achieve and how do they see themselves versus the role they’re in—anything that’s going to make their job easier. I try to address those things and really get a sense of who that person is. WD How would you characterize her style and style icons? SS Something I’ve always admired about Rachel is that she has such a sense of elegance and beauty in a very classic way, but also in a very youthful way. You know, she’s so young, she’s 27 years old, so I was able to imagine her as somebody who would have timelessness about her, which at the same time you can marry with some cool, young, edgy woman who is such a role model and so inspiring. I personally saw that in her, so I wanted to look to icons of the past. It might seem obvious, but this weekend at the Globes, Audrey Hepburn was an immediate reference. She just had that playful elegance about her. WD What was your first reaction watching the show? SS I’ve watched it three times through! I just love it. Midge is such a relatable person, she has some deep flaws but she’s trying her best and she wants to have success and she’s curious about the world and she’s learning things as she goes. As you grow up, there are things you don’t know and you’re trying to find your own two feet. I’ve had so many of my friends and colleagues reach out to me and say how much they love Midge, and how inspiring Mrs. Maisel has been for them. I adore Rachel and I adore Midge. I feel so lucky; I love working with that person and that character. WD Obviously, one of the most defining aspects of the series is that it’s a period piece. Does the aesthetic of the show factor into your dressing Rachel? SS I think as a stylist you have to have that conversation with the client. Are you nodding to the show? Do you want to support the show? Are you trying to be yourself outside the show? I think what’s so easy and so natural is that Midge is stylish and elegant; she has a way about herself and I see those things in Rachel. Those things come to mind and it’s fun when you find something that feels so Mrs. Maisel, but it’s also fun when you can nod to it without being so literal. You look at Midge and you see elements of style that stand the test of time, and for me as a stylist, that’s very powerful and informative—especially when you think about the work that you’re doing now, how that will look 20, 30, 40 years from now. WD How did you go about deciding on her looks for the Golden Globes and Critics’ Choice Awards? SS The Globes was definitely about an important period in our time, and is a movement that’s continuing. There was this incredible sense of unity, looking around on that red carpet and knowing that all of these women were going to be wearing black, that we’re in this together; we’re supporting each other as women, as people, as an industry, as citizens of the world. So the question was, how do you work within that construct, to still be a unique individual? I think the Vionnet gown we pulled was so perfect for Rachel because it did have that Audrey moment, it was classic, it had interest in the back—it was a classic silhouette with a playful, sheer quality that was a bit unexpected that was a perfect touch. It felt really appropriate for the moment and also gorgeous in the sense that the woman who was wearing it is so strong and stunning. For Critics’ Choice, the pink, the sheerness, and the delicateness…I don’t want to say it was a severe transition from the black dress, but I was thinking about how they would live together…ultimately, the Zuhair Murad dress was just so beautiful and it showed a spirit and a side that was also quite timeless that gave the feeling that this dress had to be worn by this woman. WD Who are your go-to designers for Rachel? SS My approach to styling is to generally be open minded. I will work with everyone, I want to be inclusive and I’m curious to see what might work for an event that I might not have considered previously. While it ends up being quite a lengthy process, I do try to look at every collection that is available to me and explore all the options. It’s awesome to be dazzled in a way you weren’t expected by a young brand and then maybe for the next one you have an established house. There’s a lot of opportunity that I try to uncover by looking at each event as an opportunity to re-open my eyes each time. The industry has so much to offer, I would never want to feel like we might have inadvertently held ourselves back by not exploring all the options every time. WD Why do you think it has resonated so strongly with audiences? SS I think it’s because the characters are so multi-faceted. You can see a bit of yourself in all of the characters. No one is so in a box. You can see where somebody has quirks that you might relate to, and someone else might have qualities that you admire. Everyone has flaws, and it doesn’t make them bad or good, it just makes them human—and incredibly relatable. This weekend, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel is streaming for free on Amazon.  Gauntlett Cheng is the downtown-fueled fashion line that does things their own way. Take, for example, the fashion shows, which are held at unconventional locations (like a Tribeca apartment on a winding side street) or the pieces themselves, comprised of what seems like everyday garments with subtle, daring twists that would make anyone do a double take. Case in point: button-down shirts with strategically-placed slices (the brand refers to them as breast-feeding shirts,) or maxi-length bandeau dresses chopped and rendered as something that feels completely new. Many of the looks were also styled with babushka-like scarves.

Esther Gauntlett and Jenny Cheng (alumni of Eckhaus Latta) founded the brand together in 2014 as a way to explore “work life, financial anxiety, sexuality, a sense of home, desire, frustration and nostalgia,” through the vessel of womenswear and menswear.

Titled “Soon Ripe, Soon Rotten,” the duo’s seventh collection was presented in the aforementioned Tribeca apartment in September 2017, and focuses on textile development and the distortion of silhouettes. “The ‘G’ and ‘C’ characters  seen in the collection were developed through hand-drawn illustrations featuring ‘grape’, ‘carpet’, ‘grass’, ‘cheese,’ which were then airbrushed onto a semi sheer nude stretch fabric,” according to Cheng. Along with all that, comes the new ad campaign that pulls from some of the very same references, and the definitive aesthetic of the new collection. "We wanted the portraits to be shot in the same location as the show - an empty apartment where the models walked through a winding hallways, kitchens and bedrooms," Cheng told L'Officiel USA. "The photos were shot either seated in a closet or the doorway between two small rooms, domestic and personal spaces that are pretty far removed from traditional fashion sets."

Below, a first look of Gauntlett Cheng’s new campaign shot on film by Rob Kulisek, designed by Matthew Tsang and styled by Akeem Smith. Just three weeks after Jonathan Saunders's exit from DVF, the American fashion house has named a new successor – Nathan Jenden, a familiar face to the brand. With 10 years of working experience at DVF as the designer, before leaving in 2011, Nathan Jenden returns to helm the brand's creative direction. And now he is appointed as the Chief Design Officer & Vice President, Creative. Diane von Furstenberg, the brand's eponymous founder, says in an official release, "Nathan is an extremely talented and technically skillful designer who also has a great gift at surrounding himself with young, emerging talent." "He totally embraces the DVF woman and the brand enjoyed its greatest commercial success during his tenure." As the creative helm of the house, Nathan will be reporting directly to Diane von Furstenbergand DVF’s board. As for Nathan, he says, "I see DVF as being more relevant today than it ever was in its message of self-empowerment while being dynamic and modern." "I want to give the DVF girl what she wants when she wants it, and with the joie de vivre and sense of purpose that epitomizes Diane, DVF the brand and the spirit of women today." A perfect fit for the brand, Nathan has proven his synergy with DVF as he had once led the brand to raving success in the 2000s prior to his exit. And his runway debut is coming very soon. This coming Fall/Winter 2018 in New York in February 2018 will mark his first collection for DVF. Kaia and Presley Gerber are the latest additions to Calvin Klein's Our Family denim campaign. The first installment of the series featured Solange Knowles, Kelela, and Dev Hynes, while the second starred the A$AP mob — two different musical families. The latest wave of ads with the Gerbers is the first to feature actual blood family. Whether intentional or not, the play on genes / jeans while featuring modern ideas of family is a clever one on Calvin's part — and fitting for the American mainstay brand. Our only question is, where's Cindy?  Kaia's inclusion should come as no surprise, considering 2017 was undoubtedly her year on the catwalk. She made her debut at Calvin's own Spring 2018 show, and then strutted down the runway of nearly every major brand, including Versace, Marc Jacobs, Alexander Wang, and more. The campaign marks Presley's second for CK, having appeared in its Fall 2016 ads. The Our Family ads serve as Calvin's Spring 2018 campaign, and will run throughout the season, so we're bound to see more surface. Only time will tell whether those rumors about the Kardashians is real or not. In the meantime, check out the Gerbers' ads below.   Images courtesy of Calvin Klein, photographed by Willy Vanderperre. If you're a follower of modern day street style or the red carpets, you've likely seen the designer Zaid Affas's work before. Priyanka Chopra, Kendall and Kylie Jenner, and Gigi Hadid are just a few of the stars that have worn his gowns, tailored separates and even long, sweeping maxi coats. The British designer studied at the prestigious Central Saint Martins before holding design positions at PORTS1961 and Ralph Lauren. Now L.A. based, he's been at the helm of his namesake brand since 2014 and pulls inspiration from the juxtaposition of organic shapes and urban aesthetics.  If you haven't heard his name yet - Affas will be put under the bright spotlight as he competes for the International Woolmark Prize in just a few days at Pitti Uomo in Florence. Chosen among 65 young designers in the categories of womenswear and menswear, Zaid will present alongside other labels, such as the Korean fashion favorite Kye. Previous winners include the now very well known Gabriela Hearst (2017) and Tanya Taylor (2016.) Below, we got an exclusive look inside the designer's studio as he prepares for the competition and chatted with him about Instagram, fabric manipulation and L.A.   What's the inspiration behind your collection for the Woolmark Prize competition? The international Woolmark Prize is a very special competition as the core of it is about a specific yarn and material, merino wool.  With that in mind I researched what can represent the purity, core, and raw form of material and came to the conclusion at the base of everything is elements, minerals and forms. Raw Crystal, Rutile (a precious mineral), natural weathered textures, natural formations became the concept of the collection.   What does it mean for your brand to participate in the Woolmark Prize? On a personal level, I'm very honored to be part of the history of the Woolmark Prize, what it stands for, and with it's inaugural winners Yves Saint Laurent and Karl Largerfeld being an inspiration throughout my career. As a designer and how I work, this is a challenge I was extremely excited to take on as fabric is always my starting point of any collection. You have to respect your materials to do them justice. The research process in showing merino wool in new innovative and unconventional ways is important to illustrate to the judges, industry, and the public. As a brand it means a lot of us to be exposed to such an important group of industry professionals, to gain the exposure through the Woolmark Company network and to have the support of both is invaluable to an emerging brand.   What are some interesting ways you've manipulated fabrics in your work? So many ways! All the fabrics and even belts and shoes are of at least 50% to 100% merino wool in this collection. The collection is layered in contrasting textures, of laminated wools, textured abstract jacquards, ultra stretch suiting, shirting and knit wools, 'fur' look wools and more.   Are unusual textures important to your aesthetic, why or why not? Definitely, unusual textures are a core part of all my collections. The continuous thread in all my work is pure design, which is material, form, shape, construction. I minimize color to allow the layering of textures to be the focus, and allow the sculptural forms of the garments to be realized to their best through the right material and texture. Material and form have go hand in hand. Also when I do color it usually is a representation of unusual texture rather than just a color, for example a metallic color or a distressed color.   How has Instagram influenced your work? In regards to design it's a natural personal process for me, which involves fabric research and development, inspiration through art, architecture, music, social issues, etc. As a designer you have to be relevant, but I'm not trend driven and don't use Instagram for that. I do, however, use Instagram for research, inspiration, interesting links to articles as I would with the internet or even better libraries.   How does being based in L.A. impact your work? I'm very inspired in Los Angeles. I love and appreciate both natural and man made beauty, even more the mix of them together.  Los Angeles definitely embodies both. The light, mountains, vegetation and the contrasting mixture of architecture, be it art deco, mid century, European retro, modern in Los Angeles are all so inspiring and freeing. Also, now the art, design movement in L.A. is probably the most exciting in the world.     What's one of your signature silhouettes? There are so many....a sculptural coat is one. I think being British and growing up in London, wearing wool coats are second nature, and developing shapes with wool (wool is probably the best yarn to sculpt with) is a personal interest. Wool coats are the best item of clothing that can allow you to develop shape, form and sculpture which is core to my work.   Who are you designing for? A confident, professional, sophisticated, unique, understated modern women...and man in the future!   And if it isn’t right now, chances are it will be again soon. If an ocean, lake or swimming pool is beyond reach and it’s too early for a glass of rose, try spraying one of these mists onto your hot mug. Unlike Spotlight, which tells the story of Boston Globe's investigative journalists in 2001, the Harvey Weinstein story isn't going to wait decades to become a movie.  On October 5, 2017, the Times published the story of the year, uncovering film producer Harvey Weinstein's multiple allegations on sexual harrassment. The story ignited the birth of #MeToo and Time's Up, two movements that had many more women speak out against sexual harrasment.  The investigative reporters behind it, Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey, were honored by Time's 100 Most Influential People and have recently received a Pulitzer Prize for public service. On top of all those awards, their Weinstein takedown story is now going to be told through a movie, backed by Oscar-winning production houses Plan B and Annapurna.  According to the Hollywood Reporter, the plot will highlight Kantor and Twohey's struggles with threats and intimidation during the investigation.  Awards season may be over, but that doesn't stop us from predicting next year's best picture contenders.  Like many 'wellness' trends, the idea of detox first came from the United States and there doesn't seem to be a single celeb out there who doesn't promote some sort of juicing or detox lifestyle. As a result, more brands and products are armed and ready to help us lose weight than ever before. There is no doubt the idea of a quick and 'easy' fix is especially appealing at times when we need to see (or at least feel) a change in our physique as soon as possible. But beware: relying on these types of extreme measures can have very negative effects on one's health.
  Jameson Sour by Jameson Whiskey American fashion brand Coach unveils more of its Spring 2018 ad campaign and in the process seriously ups the star power. The latest release of images sees Selena Gomez in her second campaign for the brand after signing on as an ambassador. The Steven Meisel-lensed photos are meant to be a love letter to New York City, with the clothes featuring illustrations by Keith Haring, a fixture of the city’s early downtown art scene. Perched on a fire escape with the Empire State Building standing powerfully over the rest, the connection is clear. Gomez as a brand face has proven a good bet — the singer has consistently topped Instagram’s most-followed list, and secured 5 out of 10 of the most popular Instagrams of 2017. To say that people are seriously paying attention would be an understatement, and though Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers has done an impressive job of modernizing the brand and reinvigorating its Americana roots, one can’t help but notice how Gomez’s affiliation brings the brand to an international audience. See the images below: Anthony Vaccarello has just made your Tuesday afternoon feel like a Friday night with the arrival of Saint Laurent's brand new campaign film for their summer 2018 collection. Directed by the legendary fashion photographers Inez and Vinoodh, it depicts a group of Saint Laurent muses, including Anja Rubik, Adut Akech and Raquel Zimmerman, dancing on a rooftop in full regalia to New Order's Blue Monday. Shot under neon blacklight and in plumes of smoke, Vaccarello's striking pieces – from sequined tuxedo blazers to voluminous feather dresses – look like haute couture clubwear trapped in a fever dream.  While still sultry, there's a notable upgrade in atmosphere from Vaccarello's original runway show underneath the Eiffel Tower in October last year. What was once a moody, miraculous showcase presented just days after the death of YSL co-founder Pierre Bergé, has now transformed into a lurid rooftop party you're desperate to get invited to. Saint Laurent fans only, s'il vous plait.  Fear of God, the fashion brand famed for counting Kanye West and Justin Bieber as serious fans, will collaborate on a sneaker collection with Nike in the new year, according to its founder Jerry Lorenzo. The announcement was made in an unlikely way: in Lorenzo's Instagram comments. After a fan asked if the brand planned to restock Fear of God's collaboration with Vans (which has already sold out worldwide), the designer responded: "No more Vans. Swoosh for '18".    The 40-year-old fashion designer didn't confirm any more details, but it's rumoured that the Air Presto is one of the silhouettes the brand will be putting their stamp on. Sneaker collaborations have swiftly become the hottest fashion property of 2017. From the sell-out status of Yeezy by Adidas to the highly coveted "The Ten" by Virgil Abloh and Nike, we've seen some $200 silhouettes sell for five times that price on the resell market. Having started Fear of God with no fashion experience, Lorenzo made his mainstream name in 2016, when he acted as a chief fashion advisor for Justin Bieber's Purpose Tour, designing stage outfits and consulting on the sell-out merchandise that came alongside it. Without doubt, his collaboration with Nike will be just as sought after as those famous tour tees.  As fashion month came to an end this season, the beret was everywhere on the runway, street style stars, and celebs. Elsa Hosk, Rihanna, and Bella Hadid topped off their outfits with the classic hat in all iterations. Earlier this month, Solange too wore a very French version of the hat, styled with a pair of statement earrings. The most influential high fashion beret moment as of late came courtesy of Dior, when designer Maria Grazia Chiuri sent models down the fall 2017 runway wearing leather versions — available now and coveted by every cool girl under the sun. Paul and Joe, Oscar de la Renta, and Dior again experimented with the look for Spring 2018 collections, too, guaranteeing we'll likely see more berets in the future. But why is the hat so popular now? The beret has a long and storied history that transcends fashion. Politics, in particular, play a bigger role than meets the eye, and the beret has long been a hat associated with rebels. As much divisiveness exists about how to wear the beret — pulled back, to the side ever so slightly or clipped to one's hair at an angle — there's an equal amount of disscusion about the hat's place in history. Many associate the hat with Fidel Castro and Che Guevara, while others immediately think of Faye Dunaway as Bonnie in the iconic Bonnie and Clyde film.   The beret itself has roots in various countries around the world, each with its own style. The French version for example, is slightly different than a Scottish or Spanish beret. But typically, the hat has been made of affordable felt since its beginnings, lending itself to a variety of different demographics. The classic French artist beret's aesthetic dates back to the 1500s, when it was the hat of choice for Europe's poorest class due to cheap manufacturing. Rembrandt's paintings depicted himself and farmers wearing the flat topped chapeau. In the mid 1800s, Basque military figures in Spain wore discintive red berets during the Second Carlist War. Later during WWII, French resistance fighters donned the beret. The Special Forces division of the U.S. Army has long been indentified as they "Green Berets," too. An extremely similar style of the very same hats worn by army fighters, dictators and political leaders was also chosen by the 1960's Black Panther group in America, and of course, the iconic Beatnik generation — both signifying resistance, rebellion and a strong dose of being politically outspoken. "The beret has a split identity in popular culture," fashion historian Kimberly Chrisman Campbell tells L'Officiel. "On one hand, it's an iconic chapeau associated with French artists, philosophers, and schoolgirls, a symbol as iconic as a baguette or the Eiffel Tower. But it also has a tough, menacing side, as a part of military uniform worn by the Green Berets and the French Navy, among others, that has been co-opted by some pretty brutal dictators, such as Saddam Hussein and Robert Mugabe, whose beret inspired a street fashion trend in Zimbabwe." That may just be the most interesting thing to note about fashion's favorite hat. Unlike many other fashion pieces that come back into style in a major way during certain times, the beret has long had a dichotomy between creative freedom and war, quite unlike any other garment or accessory. Artists, actors, poets and writers have long been associated with the hat, while it's also clear that political leaders and dictators from around the world have embraced the style.  "I think that's why, since the 1960s, the beret has been adopted by rebels and rabble rousers," Campbell explains. "It combines classic cool with a dangerous edge."  In a world where political activism is more visible than ever before, the beret may be fashion's antidote to complictness. Available in store Gucci x DSM Women's Long Sleeve Over Sweatshirt, $2,980 NikeLab ACG NSW Gaiter Boot, $250 Andy Warhol "You're In" In Fifteen Minutes Parfum, $95 Available in store Available in store CDG Teeth and Tongue Wallet, $253 Available in store Available in store Available in store Luca Gnecchi Ruscone is the founder and Creative Director of L.G.R, an international eyewear brand, with an Italian refinement, making its way into luxury retailers like Barneys, Mr. Porter, and colette. In an industry of ample competitors, Ruscone has found his niche and favor amongst A-List celebrities: Kate Hudson, Gigi Hadid, and Kirsten Dunst among them.    Despite the brand’s jet-setting aesthetic, it recently laid roots in Milan, Italy, the country Ruscone calls home. Who better than the well-traveled entrepreneur, who calls Tuscany home, to tell us what he’s wishing for this holiday season? Who better to let us in on what’s cool and desirable?    Here, he lists his five must-haves, and you better believe there’s a pair of L.G.R shades.  "Handmade in Spain, these shoes are really similar to handmade Italian shoes, but better in terms of price and performance. Excellent product, lighter than the English ones."   Purchase the Black Derby Shoes from Carmina here. " A vintage icon with a timeless design and is a quality investment."   Purchase the Royal Oak Watch from Audemars Piguet here.  "To toast during Christmas, Metodo Classico Brut, for every day meal Sant'Ambrogio"   Purchase a Marchese Malaspina wine here.  "This Melograno fragrance reminds me of my grandfather and his reassuring hugs."   Purchase Santa Maria Novella's Acqua Di Colonia Melograno scent here.  "The timeless aesthetic combined with a captivating shape makes this frame the perfect choice to give a bold twist to the holiday season."    Purchase the Zeraf frame from L.G.R here.  The rumor mill of Phoebe Philo's departure from Céline hasn't stopped turning since Riccardo Tisci's exit at Givenchy. Back in October, Business Of Fashion reported that LVMH was interviewing multiple designers to replace the creative director.  Today, we have the confirmation, from a LVMH source, that Phoebe Philo is indeed leaving the French house for good, deciding that it's time for a break and that her mission at Céline is done. She will not join another house immediatly, according to the same source.  Phoebe Philo, who became creative director of the brand in 2008, has reinvigorated the Céline brand, leaving an inescapable and incomporable mark. Needless to say, there are big shoes to fill, and iconic bag designs to live up to for the next designer. H&M is launching a new brand aimed at millennials. Called /Nyden (how very Swedish of them), the new titled is being helmed creatively by Oscar Olsson. If that name doesn't ring any bells, that's because it hasn't appeared many places; Olsson has been working at H&M since 2013, and has largely kept himself out of the public eye of the central fashion design sphere — until now. So what does a futuristic brand targeting millennials look like? Olsson told The Cut that, “In this future society, as any brand or any kind of provider of anything, you need to embrace the fact that the power is not in your hands. The power has shifted to what we call tribes.” And, according to Olsson, every tribe needs its leaders. /Nyden be created by the people that millennials look up to, rather than highfalutin fashion designers. This will take the form of influencers and creators across numerous verticals. Two of the first confirmed "co-creators" are Swedish actress Noomi Rapace and L.A.-based celebrity tattoo artist Dr. Woo. Supposedly, the company will be able to launch these influencer-designed lines just weeks after their inception. If all of this sounds highly theoretical, that's because it is. Case in point? /Nyden has its very own "in-house philosopher" Alexander Bard, who has written three books on Internet theory. In his works, Bard speaks of "Netocrats" (millennials) and how they will shop in the future. Olsson noted that “The Netocrat is more sensitive than ever to credibility, authenticity, and personality. They’re also more sensitive than ever to exploitation of themselves or other people.” Hence the need for a radically different model for a fashion brand. It's unclear when exactly /Nyden will launch, but you can sign up for news on their website here. As the link says, "Welcome to the tribe."   Following the clever unveiling of Yeezy Season 6, which saw Kim Kardashian wearing full Carine Roitfeld-styled looks in apparent regular-day paparazzi-lensed photos, Kanye West has taken an unorthodox approach to his ad campaign release; West has wheat-paste plastered Instagram screenshots of fans posting the images, as if they were an official ad.     The posters have appeared in six cities so far: Chicago, Los Angeles, Portland, Amsterdam and Berlin. It’s likely only a matter of time until they appear in fashion’s biggest cities like New York, London, Milan, and Paris. Or perhaps, West, who hasn’t always received the warmest welcome in the industry, is excluding them on purpose.   The paparazzi-photo-as-lookbook-turned-Instagram-post-turned-ad-campaign actually has an artful precedent. In 2015, contemporary artist Richard Prince presented a collection of work, which was actually just blown-up screenshots of celebrity Instagrams. He sold each of those works for upwards of $90,000. Naturally, calls of appropriation and lawsuits of copyright infringement followed.   Though West has not always been a lauded designer, you cannot deny that he has never stopped innovating, often becoming the highlight of an ever-dulling fashion week. For our next Holiday Wishlist, we head to the West Coast to check in on LA-based designer Raquel Allegra. With her eponymous brand of bohemian-minded clothing (think elevated loungewear you could take out of the home), Allegra has found fans in Cate Blanchett and Anne Hathaway, and can be found sold in Barneys and Net-a-Porter. Taking in her latest collection of billowy paint-splattered pants, raw-edge denim, and slouchy blouses, it’s not hard to see the designer’s artful aesthetic come shining through. One gets the feeling that Allegra, while clearly motivated, has an enviably easy-going approach to life. Here she rounds up six of her holiday must-haves, and they’re just as colorful and cute as you could imagine.     A bronze cactus statuette from Mohawk Hardware: "This little guy pulls at my heartstrings! My friends over at Mohawk General Store created this based on a found vintage treasure, perfect for the Wild West lover in all of us." Platform boots from Vetements: "A pair for the parties."  Ankle boots from The Row: "For the home." Silk tie dye peasant dress, "Poppy Bloom," from Raquel Allegra: "This hand-dyed dress. In my favorite color combination. With heels. With sneakers." Cowboy fragrance from Mondo Mondo: "This store and all its affordable treasures. I want three of everything. Especially this cowboy perfume. Nothing sexier than a lady cowboy (wink)." Rainbow Shield Diamond Ring by Polly Wales: "Pretty sure this ring will make me feel like the treasure at the end of the rainbow." Beyonce sure does get a lot of (well-deserved) attention from the fashion world, but now it's Jay Z's turn. The rapper, who finishes his 4:44 world tour tonight at The Forum in Los Angeles, is the inspiration behind a new collection from LA-favorite brand Fear of God. The announcement is no coincidence, as the clothes are meant to celebrate the tour.  The unisex collection comprises hoodies, leather jackets, tee-shirts and denim, all covered in white graphics and the album title. The designs further blur the boundary between fashion and concert merchandise, which really kicked off last year with Justin Bieber's Purpose Tour wares.  Fear of God designer Jerry Lorenzo told Vogue about how exactly the rapper inspired the collection: “From the wristbands and bandanas to the proportions, we wanted to modernize Jay’s approach and contribution to fashion through our lens. Jay gave us feedback and direction along the way. He’s a true artist in every sense of the word.”   The collection will be available starting at 11AM PT at the House of God Pop-up at Maxfield LA.  [h/t Hypebeast] Gucci released its latest advertising campaign, for Spring 2018, and it's perfectly suited for museum walls. Paying homage to their Italian heritage, the images depict Renaissance themes of earth, sea, and sky. Possibly a nod to the Sistine Ceiling that is also divided into three themes, Gucci took a more modern approach, and gave the artwork a digital upgrade, hyper-realistic representation, and, of course, Gucci apparel. The brand dubs it an “Utopian Fantasy." The images were created by artist Ignasi Monreal, known for his previous work with the brand and other houses like Dior and Louis Vuitton. Each illustration calls out to one of the greats– Bernini, Jan Van Eyck, etc. The new campaign will roll out in stores and magazines in January. In the meantime, you can see Gucci's Spring 2018 campaign in the gallery below.   If there is a singular item that Italian fashion house Max Mara has become synonymous with, it is certainly the coat. And so, it is only fitting that the brand celebrated its illustrious 66-year-history with an exhibition simply titled… Coats! After hitting Berlin, Tokyo, Beijing and Moscow, the extensive collection most recently travelled to Seoul’s DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza), where the exhibition was unveiled at the end of November. Laura Lusuardi, the brand’s fashion coordinator, told us ahead of its launch: “The city of Seoul brings together tradition and innovation, just like Max Mara does. We’re both very similar, and that is why we make good partners.” And there’s more ways in which the city and the house are alike, as the latter sums up in the exhibition’s main dome-shaped structure, and a specially created coat design. Lusuardi explained: “The special coat is minimal and in camel. It’s inspired by the Korean Yugi bowl. The exhibition’s main dome structure and digital installation, by Korean artist Yiyun Kang, also brings to mind the Yugi bowl – a bronzeware piece that was associated with royal families, and is still passed down generations today. It is always in use, and a combination of tradition and innovation, just like the Max Mara coat.” The exhibition’s seven rooms, each representing a decade of the house’s history, were described by Lusuardi thus: “The ’50s represents the company’s founder Achile Maramotti and his dream of the coat. In the ’60s, we started a more ‘creative studio’ and democratic coat, while in the ’70s, we began to experiment with colours. Our iconic 101801 coat was born in the ’80s and it became a symbol of Italian style. The ’90s shows our work with famous photographers like Steven Meisel. In the 2000s, our coats became sold in over 100 countries in the world. Finally, the 2010s is dedicated to our fashion shows and the Whitney bag.” Lusuardi reveals more about the famous coats and women behind Max Mara. The 101801 happens to be Max Mara’s best-seller. What makes it special? It’s the most sold and most copied coat from our collections. It also has perfection in its design – so much so that we have never made any changes to it. All we did was to add a tag, with the story and history of the coat, inside it. The kimono sleeves mean that any woman – with small or big shoulders – can wear it. It’s also a coat that can be passed to the next generation – mothers and daughters love it equally. Camel is a color that is synonymous with the brand. What’s your favourite thing about it, and what are the other hues you love? The colour has indeed become characteristic of Max Mara – the idea of bringing the man’s wardrobe to women’s clothing. Historically, camel was for men, and we were the first to bring it to the woman’s wardrobe. And now, it’s our iconic symbol. Personally, I also love blue, grey and red. Because these are the colours that women can wear with almost anything at all.   Many famous women – Carla Bruni, Linda Evangelista, Kate Middleton and Cate Blanchett – have been the brand’s poster girls. Who would you love to see wearing the Max Mara coat? For me, it’s not so much of which celebrity wears the coat. I like to see that they can use it always. It’s also about other women. During my travels, I like to take pictures of women who are wearing Max Mara coats. Here in Seoul, there have been many – and they all look so elegant! It's unanimous: red is the color most chosen for holiday looks (save your black dresses for New Year's Eve!). Aside from being an official color of Christmas, red is timeless and looks good on everyone — whether in more open shades like scarlet or darker hues like bergundy. During this year, red was the choice of many celebrities on the red carpet, mostly opting for long, midi dresses with cleavage, and slits that made a statement. Don't believe us? We went to our files and pulled the 25 crimson looks that turned heads on the red carpet during 2017. Check them out in the slideshow below, and then get shopping! Coach Spring 2018 Behind the scenes Photographs by Steven Meisel, courtesy of Coach. Cha Cha Matcha  You have been fighting for years for the LGBT cause...  I have always been very committed because two of my brothers are gay. Growing up, I realized that they could be perceived differently; I felt the need to stand up to this intolerance and to speak on their behalf in my interviews, my speeches. The Miseducation of Cameron Post, which I shot last year, exposes sexual conversion therapies. I fight, in every way possible, to highlight the horrible realities that LGBT youth have to face.   In your career, you have been open up to all types of productions: blockbuster films, independent cinema, TV shows, et cetera. How would you characterize your philosophy? I would be bored if I did the same thing all the time. I like to try new genres, to confront myself with different emotions. I am tireless. Whether you act in a horror movie, a comedy, a drama, whether you are on stage, on the screen, or have your voice recorded, each experience, each character allows you to learn a little more about yourself. Always doing the same thing risks complacency. And complacency is the death of art. I am never as successful as when I am put on the defensive, when I have this “positive” fear of the unknown. The Webster custom candle – Blossom wax custom candle from The Webster featuring an orange blossom scented candle. Donatella Versace has had quite the year. The recently-named Fashion Icon staged a supermodel coup at the Spring 2018 shows in September, sending the greatest models of our time down the Versace runway. Now, for the accompanying campaign, Donatella has enlisted the help of her "Versace Family" in coming together for a campaign that is nothing short of legendary to kick off 2018 — the 40th anniversary of the famed Italian fashion house. Starring Naomi Campbell, Christy Turlington, Gisele, Irina Shayk, Raquel Zimmerman, and Natalia Vodianova alongside the next generation of reigning supermodels including Gigi Hadid, Kaia Gerber, and Grace Elizabeth, the campaign was photographed by longtime Versace collaborator Steven Meisel, and art directed by Donatella herself. The girls all model the Spring 2018 collection, which was a tribute to the house's history, and the signature work of her brother Gianni Versace, who died exactly twenty years ago. 
“This campaign represents the link between past and present," Donatella said in a statement. “You need to know who you are, and where you are coming from, to build your future. And when you are at the head of a brand with such a strong heritage as mine, you can only embrace it. This is the reason why I wanted to see this iconic super model cast next to the soon-to-be-iconic girls of the future.” Check out what's been released so far from the campaign below, and stay tuned for the full reveal. Photographs by Steven Meisel, courtesy of Versace. The first Space Race may be over, but in the world of fashion capsules and collection launches, the cosmos are making a comeback. Just ask Buzz Aldrin (or Karl Lagerfeld).  The latest rendition of the galactic trend is Adam Selman’s three-piece astrology capsule collection. Over the summer Selman introduced the naked denim look with a pair of sheer tulle jeans embroidered with roses. This time around, the designer swapped the florals for the zodiac signs, adorning the added trench coat and shirt with planets, constellations, and all-around celestial motifs. The collection is available through Opening Ceremony, where the astral jeans sell for $595 and shirt for $495. The trench coat already sold out (that’s retrograde mercury for you). Shop the rest of the collection below: Jonathan Saunders, chief creative officer of Diane Von Furstenberg, has announced his resignation 18 months after joining the brand.  Saunders joined the team in May 2016 after heading his own label in the U.K. for 12 years. Known for his ease in marrying vibrant colors with bold prints and innovative textiles, he was the ideal candidate to revamp DVF's signature '70s aesthetic across all platforms from store design to retail. In his Spring 2017 debut, Saunders successfully offered a timely upgrade of the brand with asymmetric dresses and patches of striking prints. Just last week, he presented the Pre-Fall 2018 collection showing even more ease with brand tradition and values.  The designer's farewell follows Diane Von Furstenberg's announcement of plans to sell equity stake in her business. The brand's future is up in the air. If you're looking for a chic online shopping destination with holiday gifts for the little ones this season, you're finally in luck. This year, former Vogue editors Sylvana Ward Durrett and Luisana Mendoza de Roccia launched Maisonette, a luxury children's e-retailer for the hard-to-find kids clothing, accessories, home decor and toys of your dreams (and theirs!). With a collective six kids and 20 combined years as fashion editors, Sylvana and Luisana were able to aggregate the best children's products from around the world and put them all in one place, creating a platform that is both elegantly curated and accessible. So naturally, we asked the experts themselves to round up the chicest kids gifts of the season. See their top 15 picks below. Available on Maisonette.com After the sudden loss of Azzedine Alaïa last month, the Design Museum in London will host an exhibition commemorating the Franco-Tunisian designer and the 60 best moments of his career. The designer knew how to inject elegance, a certain classicism, and a dose of femininity and plurality into women's fashion during his nearly 40-year career in the industry. In the time since his passing, everyone who is anyone in fashion has poured their grief out in posts on social media. The designer was honored at the Fashion Awards 2017, where Naomi Campbell (and a crew of supermodels) paid tribute to the man she called "papa."  Azzedine Alaïa: The Couturier will open next May and run through October. The selection was made by Alaïa himself, who planned to mount this retrospective before his death on November 18. Twenty seventeen will most certainly be remembered as the year of Bella Hadid — for the second year in a row, if that's even possible. Dominating catwalks, campaigns, and magazine editorials, the model also forayed into designer collaborations. Earlier this year, she started a collab with Chrome Hearts on a special line, and now it looks like the pair is at it again. The supermodel took to Instagram to break the news, sharing a photo of herself (photographed by Laurie Lynn Stark), wearing a pair of yellow-tinted lenses. The caption reads: “Finally…My second Chrome Hearts x Bella eyewear collection is coming!” While those are all the details we have at the moment, these days, the lead time between the announcement of a collection and its release is limited, so you can expect to see it available soon.  The Museum of Ice Cream sounds unreal because it is. The all-American, Insta-friendly pop-up eschews every trait of its institutional namesake. In this travelling show, there are no public exhibits chronicling the development of waffle cones, no freezer rooms with recreations of ancient chilled delicacies. You will not find a single plaque detailing the etymology of ‘ice cream’ (for your reference, it derives from the earlier ‘iced cream’ or ‘creamed ice,’ and versions were consumed in Athenian markets as far back as the fifth century BCE, where snow was mixed with honey and fruit).   No, the Museum of Ice Cream is not an ordinary museum. Much of its appeal for audiences—in Los Angeles, in New York—is the impermanence. It is there until it is not. You can purchase a ticket until you can’t. When it opened in Miami during last week’s Art Basel, its doors were flanked with millennial pink palm trees; on entry, we were given champagne. In the first room—the museum is split into many themed ‘installation’ spaces, each loosely designed around selfies, free ice cream and a specific shade of candied pink—we ate cool morsels of the stuff heaped into tiny cups and topped with whipped cream; hired hype dancers waltzed around us. In the rooms that followed, well-heeled adults swung on gargantuan bananas suspended from the ceiling, while their friends took Boomerang videos. People got on all fours and clambered, grinning, into small passageways lined with reflective silver coconuts; they ran their hands through pits of kinetic sand tinted to look like Pantone’s Paradise.   In other cities, the museum’s magnum opus has been a rainbow sprinkle pool—it was there in Miami too, filled with 100 million inedible plastic nodes, and I watched model Karolina Kurkova take selfies with her son in it for probably too long, until I realised and abruptly left the room—but the real highlight of this outpost was something much quieter. It sat on a plinth, surrounded by Perspex, right next to the gift shop’s register: a two-piece collaboration with accessories brand Miansai. There was a simple, gold-plated sterling silver cuff and a gold-plated necklace with a small, saccharine pendant at the end—a palm tree surrounded by a pool of pink enamel. Miansai’s minimalist, pared-back wares are available in 36 countries. Its flagships are in New York’s SoHo and at Venice Beach; by the end of this year there will be ten roaming mobile boutiques, too. But the label is quintessentially Miami. It began there in 2008, when its founder Michael Saiger was studying at the University of Miami, and made himself a bracelet from cord and an empty bullet case that he fashioned together in his dorm room. Pretty soon, the marketing major was selling replicas to friends, then filling orders at local menswear stores. After college, it was the big guys—Barneys and Bergdorf’s. (Miansai is now something of an accessories empire; they’ve expanded to fine jewellery, leather bags, belts and dry goods.)   Saiger is originally from New York, but chose to make balmier climes home: he resides in Miami with Rachael Russell, the brand’s fashion director (she is also, more recently, his wife, and the one who initially met the Museum of Ice Cream director, sparking the idea for a collaboration). Since early 2009 his factory has been in a large warehouse complex in Wynwood. Before the ice cream party, he took me on a tour of it.   Some context: I’d just got off the plane and Miami was deep in Basel busyness—cabs were stacked bumper-to-bumper like Lego blocks—and it was nice, as the sun began to disappear, to be ushered into somewhere less manic, rooms filled with elegant objects-in-progress. Almost everything related to Miansai production happens in this building, which is—for a business this size—quite unusual. Here, they do CAD drawings, 3D printed prototypes, wax injections, casting, purification of imperfections, high-lustre polishing, assemblage, plating, oxidation, packaging, social media, and campaign photography, marketing.   “Anyone I worked with downtown [when the label first started] in the jewellery district, I’ve then hired in-house,” Saiger said as we watch the plating of a sample piece of metal, machinery whirring around us. “Anyone that’s worked with us from the beginning we’ve brought in.” There are some 40 staff here now. One guy gave me a demonstration of different bits of machinery; his fingernails looked like my dad’s, who is a car mechanic. The thing about jewellery—especially clean-lined, understated tokens like Miansai’s—is that it takes infinite attempts to perfect the many processes. It’s pure and unblemished and pleasing at the end, but at one point, everything looked pretty messy. In that way, it’s a lot like a cherry-topped sundae.  
The Miansai x Museum of Ice Cream Capsule Collection was launched during Art Basel Miami Beach. It features the Palm Tree Necklace, retailing at $165 and Screw Cuff at $225. Outside of the Miami museum, it will be available exclusively at the Museum of Ice Cream’s San Francisco location and online. Photos from the Museum of Ice Cream courtesy of Katie Gibbs For Resort 2018, Gucci’s creative director Alessandro Michele sent a look down the runway that looked incredibly similar to a jacket (albeit counterfeit) made by Harlem-based designer Dapper Dan back in the '80s using a fake Louis Vuitton logo print. The Italian fashion house called it an “homage,” after replicating the silhouette using the its own logo, but that wasn’t enough for those who claimed Gucci was appropriating black culture without respecting the man who popularized it. Dan himself, in a press released, said, “Everyone paid homage to Dapper Dan, but no one ever paid him.” That’s all changing. After appearing in a campaign for the brand, Dapper Dan has now reopened his famous atelier with support from Gucci. The brownstone will serve as the home base for the designer’s custom apparel — by appointment only. Though Dan’s designs once used luxury fashion house logos illegally, now he’ll have access to Gucci’s raw materials. “The people have spoken and Gucci has listened. Nothing has been more significant in the Harlem cultural scene than Alessandro and Gucci coming to Harlem and partnering with Dapper Dan,” said Dan. For those that can’t get penciled in, don’t fret: a Gucci x Dapper Dan capsule collection will be presented with the brand’s Fall 2018 line.   Dapper Dan's studio opens this January.  In the studio, while Julia Pissaro awaits her interview, she’s glued to her phone. Even in her concentration, she has an imposing personality—she’s tall, blonde, composed, with an obvious beauty. At only 25 years old, she has the confidence of a forty-something. Her maturity contrasts greatly with her naive look. Pissaro is in Paris for our shoot while on break from the hustle and bustle of New York City, where she attends Barnard College, the women’s liberal arts branch of Columbia University. There she’s working towards a degree in Art History and Economics. "I'm here just for a few weeks, to see my family, my friends ... I miss Paris sometimes. I have the chance to work alongside my uncle during my stay, who is a curator,” she explains. What is most striking about Pissaro, as she answers, is her tenacity, which becomes most evident when asked about leaving everything behind to start fresh in the United States, even though she could have gone to any prestigious Parisian college of her choosing. "Although my mother is obsessed with Paris, and my father with London, I have always had a deep desire to go to New York. I literally applied to all the possible schools, both NYU, Parson, and Columbia, where I was finally accepted.” Despite her rigid academics, Pissaro was able to indulge in all that NYC had to offer. “What I loved while studying at Barnard College was that, despite the heavy workload, we had a lot of free time. I was able to practice yoga intensively, do parallel associative activities, internships, and develop my personal projects. A few times I was photographed for the fashion section of Columbia’s magazine, but I'm not a model either!” "I come from a family of artists (she is the descendant of impressionist painter Camille Pissaro), curators, professors of art history, but also art dealers. It's part of my heritage, of who I am. But I don’t want to take part in just the financial or education part of the art world. I want to rethink the role of art in society, as an evolutionary and constructive tool, a new proposal. " Clothing and accessories Armani New Normal Photograph Erick Faulkner
Styling Alizée Henot Fashion editors like to believe they set the trends, but when it comes to what sticks and what doesn't, that's determined by what peaks the public's interest. For those wondering what people were most fascinated by this year, fashion research platform Lyst has released 2017's most searched terms. The top slot went to "power." While you might be tempted to think that's referring to the maxed out silhouettes of Balenciaga's suiting, more likely, it speaks to the surge of empowering messages that we saw within the industry this year — from New York Fashion Week's Trump protests (Public School, Prabal Gurung, Mara Hoffman, etc) to the magazines who opted to give a voice to those rebelling against authority (including Time's Silence Breakers and Glamour's Women of the Year). In that same vein, "woke" and "statement" took the second and third spots on the list, respectively.   Number four went to "floral," which was particularly groundbreaking. The middle spots are all to be expected: "millennial," "extra," "masculine," and "cult." On a more laughable note, ninth place went to "ugly" — which is understandable, given some of this year's statement accessories (we're looking at you, Balenciaga crocs).  The final term is a reassuring one for those with a fashion conscious. "Vegan" was the tenth most searched term, reflecting the rise in sustainability as a talking point this year. Stella McCartney released an ad campaign in a landfill, and Gucci announced it would be going fur free — not to mention the increase of environmentally-friendly shopping options from an array of designers. Here's hoping that this word lands even higher on next year's list. Check out the full ranking below: According to WWD, Calvin Klein is rumored to feature the women of the Kardashian family in its underwear campaign. While it's a bit of a stretch to imagine the Kardashians as being Raf Simons's cup of tea, it would make some degree of sense. Firstly, Calvin Klein is obsessed with all things American right now, and (much to the distaste of many), the Kardashians are the closest thing we have to a royal family. Secondly, the brand recently launched its family-centric #MyCalvins campaign, which the Kardashian clan would certainly fit into. Thirdly, the combined power of all those girls would be well worth it, exposure-wise (and we know Instagram followers are on everyone's minds right now). Time to wait and see! Following shows in bustling New York, London, Milan, and Florence, Gucci’s creative director, Alessandro Michele, sets his sights on somewhere less lively: a cemetery. Alyscamps, a Roman necropolis and UNESCO World Heritage Site, in Arles, France will host the brand’s Cruise 2019 show. Though not an obvious choice for a fashion show, Michele has shown his penchant for historical sites-cum-runways after staging Cruise 2017 in the cloisters of Westminster Abbey. The millennia-old site can be found referenced in Dante’s Inferno, and Ariosto’s Orlando Furioso. In its lesser days, following pillages during the Renaissance, Paul Gauguin and Vincent van Gogh chose Alyscamps as their first site to begin their side-by-side paintings.   Alyscamps draws its name from the Latin Elisii Campi, which you may recognize in its French form as Champs-Élysées. Though Alyscamps has no tie to the famously fashionable Parisian street, the connection could not be more fitting. Gucci will stage its Cruise 2019 show on May 30. Painting on it-bags is becoming quite the go-to move for luxury brands. From Dolce & Gabbana with its declaration of love bags or Gucci spray painted with Gucci Ghost logos, Balenciaga is the latest to join the graffiti-covered collection trend. Accessories (backpacks, bags, and wallets) are decorated with the inscriptions "couture," "collection," "Paris," and more. For Balenciaga, bring graffiti to its expensive goods is just another step towards merging the brand’s high street history with the influence of streetwear. They are available now online from $695 to $2,350. Earlier this year, audible gasps could be heard in the fashion industry when it was announced that Demna Gvasalia's cult label Vetements would stop showing at Fashion Week in order to pursue other presentation formats. Today, it has been announced that the brand will rejoin the calendar for Men's Fashion Week in Paris this January.  It's not exactly uncharacteristic for Vetements to make so many changes — in its short existence (since 2014), it had already changed from the womenswear calendar to couture for the 2017 seasons.  The announcement follows the news that Gvasalia's other label, Balenciaga, will be combining its men's and women's shows starting in March.    This week, the 34-piece Pamela loves Coco de Mer collection was launched. The new line is a collaboration between photographer Rankin, lingerie brand Coco de Mer, and brand-new ambassador Pamela Anderson. We spoke to the woman herself about her roles as a mother, icon, activist her dreams for the future. Read the interview below.   How was it to pose for Rankin? Do you know each other well? 
Rankin is a great photographer. It is always an honor to work with such a great talent. He is very funny and really has his own style. We can always work quickly together. 

Do you feel as comfortable in lingerie as twenty years ago? 
I still feel as comfortable in lingerie as 20 years ago! It is always a bold move, so it takes courage. But I like this feeling. 

How do you stay fit? What does your work-out routine look like? 
I do not do workouts in the traditional sense of the word. I am a vegetarian and I live an active life; For example, I like dancing and walking with my dog ​​on the beach. I like being outdoors! How do you seduce a man, can you share some tips with us? 
Seduction is a dance, a game. I believe that there is nothing more deadly to romance than the familiar.You also should not be too available and do not always tell him everything. Some things have to keep girls — and boys — for themselves. 

What are you most proud of? 
On my activism and on my sons. 

You are a beautiful mother, are your sons aware of the fact that you were really an icon in the '90s and' 00s? How do they see you? 
Thank you! My sons are 19 and 21 and know everything. You will have to ask them yourself. 

How do you relax? 
I read a lot.   Which music do you listen to? 
I love blues and I love Spanish music, so sexy! And I listen to The Weeknd. 

What do you get a good mood from? 
From my children and my friend. And I like to see that the world is moving forward. I also get a good mood from people who are brave, inspiring and involved, such as Vivienne Westwood and Julian Assange. We always have very serious conversations, but I still get a good mood when I think of them. 

What do you think is a turn-off? 
Stupidity 

What do you do in five to ten years? What are your plans and ambitions? 
Oh boy, first let's see if I'm going to get that! Photos courtesy of Rankin / The Full Service  www.coco-de-mer.com Developed with Gem Group, the $ 50 million fund aims to promote the new sizes of luxury and other high-growth businesses to new consumers: millennials. The digital know-how developed by Jalou Media Group, as well as the international hub that is lofficiel.com (representing the 24 international editions of the magazine on a single e-platform) will be at the forefront in the implementation of "The L’Officiel Fund". With 100 years of experience, Jalou Media Group can provide privileged advertising access and well-honed storytelling to these fast-growing labels. The Parisian group’s aim is to ensure an unique business model and increased action for each new company funded. The Bella Hadid effect is in full force. To celebrate her appointment as ambassador of TAG Heuer, the Swiss watchmaker recently unveiled a limited-edition watch, specially designed for Hadid. Combining strength, modernity, and elegance into one exclusive design, the TAG Heuer Link – the most feminine model in the entire collection – has been reinvented with an all-black matte strap and magnificent mother-of-pearl dial studded with 12 diamonds. The 32mm timepiece is further embellished by a bezel set with 48 diamonds and Hadid's signature engraved on the back.   The TAG Heuer Bella Hadid Limited Edition watch is limited to 500 pieces worldwide and is available for pre-order now. For his 2017 Chanel Métiers d’Art show, Karl Lagerfeld had something of a homecoming in Hamburg. The German designer, and creative director of the French fashion house, was born in the city in 1933. Opting out of somewhere more nostalgic, Lagerfeld co-opted the new Herzog & de Meuron-designed Elbphilharmonie, turning a live symphony into a soundtrack to his runway.  Chanel ambassadors Lily-Rose Depp and Kristen Stewart sat front row per usual, with the record-breaking attendees (1,420 guests) filling in the seats behind and around them on the 360-degree balconies. As the Métiers d’Art show is meant to highlight the highly-skilled artisans of the brand’s specialist ateliers, guests were given opera glasses to enhance their view.  Always one to imbue the location into the collection, Lagerfeld’s designs drew heavily on sailor-inspired suiting and dockworker uniforms. Each model was outfitted in a sailor cap, too, alluding to Elbphilharmonie’s home on a former dock overlooking the Elbe river.  Citing the homecoming and Lagerfeld’s age as reasons, some have speculated that this is the designer’s swan song before retirement — though Chanel has said that he's already working on couture. Check out a few of our favorite looks from the collection below. Last night, Ermenegildo Zegna celebrated the launch of its Ermenegildo Zegna Couture XXX Collection with Artistic Director Alessandro Sartori and choreographer Benjamin Millepied at the Sheats-Goldstein house in Los Angeles. The house, nestled snuggly in the hillside of Beverly Hills, hosted celebrities like Miles Teller, Miguel, Wiz Khalifa, Lucky Blue Smith, Garrett Hedlund, Zedd, and Natalie Portman.  After poolside cocktails, guests converged at Club James, the property’s on-site club, which was recently built by homeowner James Goldstein, the eccentric fashion personality frequently spotted in leather cowboy boots and hat. Once in Club James, Millepied’s contemporary dance company, L.A. Dance Project, performed a piece while wearing the new collection. Take a look through the gallery below for a sneak peek at last night's festivities. The Ermenegildo Zegna Couture XXX Collection will be available on December 5th exclusively in Los Angeles and New York, and globally starting on February 8th, 2018. The Swedish, often avant-garde, brand Acne Studios has plans to combine pre-collection shows and ready-to-wear to present only two yearly collections for both Men's and Women's. Though during the couture presentations, Acne Studios' staging will happen independently of the official calendar.  "We made this decision, because we want to focus on the main thing. The pace of work is now so intense that we lose sight of important things. High-quality design takes time, so we want to concentrate on this, rather than strive to produce as many collections as possible." explained Matthias Magnusson, the company's CEO. The brand has shown no signs of lagging in innovation, so devotees are likely in for even bigger surprises. In April of this year, the brand relaunched its Blå Konst denim line, in an apparent attempt to have more commercial appeal.   It's official: you no longer need to be a musician to have merch. Case in point? Celebrated makeup artist Pat McGrath, whose namesake beauty company Pat McGrath Labs has just launched its first clothing line. Pat McGrath Apparel 001 (a title that suggests this will not be a one-off, we hope) comes just two years after the success of her first product: Gold 001, a glimmery gold power that sold out in mere minutes. The line features graphic tee's, bomber jackets, and more items referencing some of her iconic beauty looks. The eight-item capsule collection was shot on models Kaia Gerber, Teddy Quinlivan, Alexis Jae, and Jonathan Rodriguez. Along with a surprise rerelease of a few of the makeup artist's iconic Lab kits, Pat McGrath Apparel 001 will be available at Dover Street Market New York and on PatMcGrath.com from December 7 through December 13. Take a look through the collection below. Fashion is continuing to trend toward a disinterest in dividing by gender (here's hoping it's not a trend at all, and that we can abolish archaic categories altogether). Balenciaga is the latest house to announce that it will no longer split its men's and women's shows, beginning with its Fall 2018 show in March.  The French brand follows in the footsteps of Gucci, Burberry, Dsquared2, and more who have opted to combine their collections. And while creative director Demna Gvasalia has not made a statement as to why (he's not much for making verbal statements as it is — just aesthetic ones), it's likely another attempt to dismantle the unnecessarily confusing fashion week machine. (Gvasalia did announce that Vetements, his other label, would stop showing altogether earlier this year, after all.) Whatever the reason, we're all for streamlining the system.   After staging elaborate shows in Dallas, Salzburg, Rome, and Paris, Karl Lagerfeld's next destination for Chanel is a surprising one; the designer has chosen to take Chanel's Métiers d'Art show to his hometown in Hamburg, Germany. The choice of the city raises rumors that this would be the farewell of the designer, who has been in charge of the house since 1983. In an exclusive interview with managing editor Maria Rita Alonso, the CEO of the maison denied rumors that this would be Karl's last parade, and that he will not retire so soon: "He is already finalizing the couture collection. This will certainly not be his last show," says Bruno Plavlovsky. The chosen venue is the Eilbesimphony. The building, which opened in January this year, is one of the most expensive in Europe and this will be its first major event. The avant-garde structure is designed by the architects Jacques Herzog and Pierre de Meuron.   Chanel's Métiers d'Art show in Hamburg takes place next Wednesday, December 6, at 12pm EST. Subverting traditional notions of jewelry design, São Paulo goldsmith Flavia Madeira seeks inspiration from everyday life. Since 2011, in the creative energy of her city, the designer was chosen to participate in the second season of shoe and accessories brand Melissa's effort to support new artists in Brazil’s biggest city.   Flavia's work replicates bolts, shells, ladders, and gears into beautiful earrings, necklaces, and bracelets. Her process is experimental, allowing inspiration to guide her over the materials. "I do not have a favorite material to work on, but a moment of epiphany when I discover a property that was previously non-existent in my repertoire," she says in an exclusive interview with L'Officiel. 
Do you remember the first piece you created? What was it like? The first piece that I created was the portrait of Pedro Álvares Cabral. Since the beginning of my research, I used discarded pieces of almost no value, like a discarded commemorative coin. The Portrait of Pedro Álvares Cabral consists of a silver pendant with a two-way coin, broken into four parts forming the picture frame and a coin with his face. At what point did you find yourself in love with jewelry? Certainly, the first time I was immersed in the basic techniques of a jeweler. After my first work with goldsmithing, I fell in love with the incandescence and the physical state of the metals. Do you have a method for working? My method works as an evolutionary gear from one piece to another, every work done brings an extra layer of discovery that is almost always the impetus for new research. Are you interested in any specific material / form at the moment? I am very interested in making other dimensions of jewelry, which I dubbed "jewelry for home". I am researching the limits and surprises of talcum powder, which is a non-commercial stone, porous, light and easy to sculpt. From it I am creating a series of water fountains, which should be ready next year, the beauty of talcum stone stands out when it comes into contact with the water, showing its color and internal mixtures. Has the meaning of the jewel changed for you over the years?  There are several meanings of the jewel and depends a lot on the perspective of how it is seen. We have adorned ourselves for a long time, and I believe it is and always will be a way that the human being finds expression and protection, transforming symbols and materials into identity banners. These materials are mean something to each person, so again, it depends on the perspective. What is a noble material for the queen and what is a noble material for an anthropologist? I think they are very different. For me the preciousness of the jewel is independent of its raw material, but the way it is elaborated and the ideal that exists behind it. How do you see the current scenario for young creators? I see it with enthusiasm. I think we are getting closer to the "do what you like", and increasingly moving towards a success without pretension of exacerbated accumulation. That is, I think people are finally becoming aware that it's worth doing something that leaves you full than participating in a painful mechanical routine.   See more at Flavia Madeira's website here.  Laure Heriard Dubreuil is the Founder and President of The Webster, a multi-brand luxury boutique established in 2009 with locations in South Beach, Bal Harbour, Houston, Costa Mesa, and her newest location in New York City. The Webster offers a unique shopping experience, making you feel as though you’re trying on clothes in your (really, really fashionable) friend’s walk-in closet. The stores are all appropriately decorated with specific design elements to suit the city they’re in, all complete with home-like furnishings and contemporary art. Heriard Dubreuil was no newbee to the fashion world when she opened her first store. She began her career working with Nicolas Ghesquiere’s merchandising team at Balenciaga, then as top merchandiser for Yves Saint Laurent Women’s RTW division in Paris. Her high-level fashion industry experience and her traveling lifestyle has helped shape the creative direction that has evolved The Webster into one of the leading luxury boutiques in the world. The Webster has always appealed to the well-traveled fashion girl. From the boutiques themselves, the recognizable flamingo logo and the exquisite curation together embodies the spirit of travel. When it comes to Laure’s personal style, her inspiration has always been fueled by her travels, whether for work or pleasure. So this month, she used the knowledge of her own experience and taste and launched RTW label LHD, a line of easy-to-pack dresses, layering pieces and accessories made in collaboration with various designers. Each collection, which will launch exclusively resort and summer seasons, will be inspired by a destination that will manifest itself in bright colors and graphic prints. For her first collection, she made it personal - starting with the The Miami Collection, a nod to the city she opened her first boutique. Inspired by the sun and energy of Miami’s South Beach and Design District, this lust-worthy collection of colorful and graphic RTW and accessories is bright, whimsy and feminine – encapsulating the spirit of Miami quite literally, and quite beautifully. Read our interview with the fashion mogul below. MM What inspired you to open your first The Webster boutique? LHD The city of Miami inspired me the most to open the first Webster boutique. I loved Miami’s art, architecture, and weather (of course). When I came to Art Basel in Miami in 2006 for the first time I had nothing to wear, so I went shopping and there were not many places to shop at that time. Then I fell in love with our Art Deco building which was named “Webster Hotel.” I decided to keep the integrity of the hotel and open a store there, and that is how The Webster was born.   MM How has the store evolved over the years? LHD It started in Miami, but now we are in different parts of the US: Houston, Costa Mesa, even New York! Indeed, we have been able to curate selection based on specific markets.   MM Did your involvement with The Webster influence your desire to start your own line? What inspired you? LHD For years my friends, clients and even other designers asked me when I would be coming out with my own line. I thought they were crazy! I see so many lines and read about all these new launches, it seemed silly. But I knew that there was a place in the marketplace for my aesthetic. I was already planning The Webster’s New York opening so I thought, Why not? If not now, then when? 
  MM What specifically inspired LHD? Why travel-inspired resort/summer line pieces? LHD I love to travel, I’m endlessly inspired by travel and I’ve had so much experience in both my personal and professional life.It was important to me to create a collection that you take on vacation, not what you bring back. It’s not about the souvenirs, it’s about the easy pieces you can pack in your suitcase effortlessly and fit right in with the local aesthetic and wear with confidence. You dress for the destination. In the future the idea of travel and what you pack in your suitcase can grow. It doesn’t have to be a destination, it might be what you pack to take to the Oscars or what you pack to take on your honeymoon. Focusing on travel also gives me a good excuse for traveling more! Its research of course! I just went to Belize  for that very reason. A change of scenery gives me all sorts of new ideas. MM What made you choose these specific accessories brands to collaborate with for The Miami Collection? LHD I have built so many relationships with brands over the years and it was second nature to me to choose these designers first. Aurelie Bidermann is a friend, so it was very special for us to collaborate on something so close to my heart with someone so dear to me! I also took into account the theme of the collection, Miami, and really wanted to work with designers I knew would be inspired as much as I was. Heimat Atlantica is a young brand so here energy and enthusiasm for collaboration was inspiring. I am honored that Pierre Hardy, Maison Michel, Eres, Aurelie Bidermann and Heimat Atlantica were willing to collaborate with me for the launch season, and hopefully beyond.   MM Who's the girl you envision wearing LHD? LHD It's for my friends, and the women I admire and want to be friends with. There is no specific girl, but she loves print and colors and appreciates the dream of travel. The line is something a young girl can save up for as a very special purchase, but the woman buying Chanel can buy it too to mix with her luxury pieces. Mothers and their daughters fall in love with it, there is no specific age for the LHD girl. If you love prints you can mix and match, if you are more conservative you can wear the prints with simpler pieces. I am excited to see the range of women who fall in love with LHD. MM Where have you traveled lately that surprised or inspired you? Where should we stay, eat, shop there? LHD On one of my last trips I went to Mozambique with friends who have a home there. I was incredibly inspired by the country’s rich Portuguese influence, which pervades the country through its architecture, language and food. We had the most memorable meals at Zambi, A Nossa Tasca and Campo di Mare. I’ll never forget the fresh pasta and prawns and the feel of the sea breeze…I am still dreaming about it. Even on vacation I shop a bit and found beautiful capulanas (sarongs) in beautiful colors and patterns at Casa Elefante, an expansive textile shop in Maputo. I brought them back as gifts as well as inspiration for future LHD collections.   MM Any advice for young designers wanting to start their own line? Something you learned being on this side of the process that you didn't know before?   LHD Starting a new line it's a long term process thinking of concept, to design and production. With hard work any young designers with passion can succeed. it's a question of perseverance and teamwork. You can't do it alone, and you need to find your team you can trust to help you develop your ideas. The best advice I could give them is to never give up! Aside from that, at LHD we very much feel that you keep trying and keep pushing and keep saying yes, always always be positive. Prepare for the unexpected, fabric delays, production flaws and more. As much as you want to be in control, not everything is in your control. Lastly, sometimes you have to separate your business mindset from your creative side. Both are important, but the dreams must come first, and then the decision-making can follow.   MM What can we expect for future seasons? Any tips to what destination you'll be taking us next? LHD More exclusive prints, the perfect easy dresses, and of course lots of color! We already have some favorite styles that we hope to carry over into future seasons, as well as plenty of newness. Well lets just stay I’m sticking to places that are very close to my history and heart to start, so let that be your clue. I prefer to keep it a surprise but I’ll always be inspired by colors, architecture, nature and places that feel intimate. Cover photo by Dario Catellani. Fashion week this past September was noticeably missing something: Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 presentation. Editors, stylists, and writers were eagerly awaiting news about whether one would happen — with a little bit of dread, albeit, given his past show misadventures, one of which included a trip to a former Small Pox hospital on a remote island. Still, as much as they love to complain about it, fashion-philiacs live for the drama of a Yeezy presentation (perhaps it's just the idea of something, anything exciting happening at NYFW). So, we were all disappointed when his PR confirmed that there was never one intended for the Spring 2018 show schedule. The sixth season of Kanye's coveted line began to fade from peoples' minds — until last week, when the designer's wife, Kim Kardashian West, was caught sporting unseen pieces of what looked a lot like the brand's signature monochrome, neutral designs in public. A few days and a few posts later, Kardashian West confirmed that they were in fact Yeezy Season 6. She was snapped wearing as many as nine different looks in one day. It might be untraditional, but, when you're married to one of the most-watched women in the world, why not break the traditional fashion show format and debut your pieces in public for maximum exposure? After all, let's face it: these pieces are basically made for Kim anyway.  It's unclear when the new line will be made available to the public, but if he's still sticking with the fashion calendar, it should be early next year. In the meantime, swipe through a gallery of the looks debuted so far below. Images courtesy of Instagram / @kimkardashian and @yeezymafia. A new classic The first bag model imagined by Humberto Leon and Carol Lim when they took over the reins of Kenzo in 2011, the "Kalifornia," is recognizable by its large zippers on the front and rocker-esque appeal. Perfect marriage of French elegance and cool Made in California, the it bag quickly became a classic.   Velvet paws Fashioned in a pocket version — even smaller than the "Mini Kalifornia" — this new adaptation should seduce women looking for a sweet look for the winter. Velvet and soft leather, punctuated with silver details, it will dress the chic day silhouettes or decidedly glamorous on the evening.    Playful Christmas Accompanying Kenzo's "Holidays 2017" capsule collection, designed to celebrate the holiday season with sparkle, the "Tiny Kalifornia" dresses up with a chain handle decorated with medallions like charms, to agitate like a bracelet tinsel. A nice way to welcome the Christmas spirit.   "Tiny Kalifornia" bag in leather and velvet, Kenzo, 395 €. www.kenzo.com In a hypnotic new video, debuting exclusively with L'Officiel USA, Dior takes you on an Abstract Voyage that is its Fall 2017 haute couture collection. The impressionist-quality video opens to a cloudy atmosphere where young women, like stark apparitions, move to the cinematic sound of a sojourn. Lithe, ultra-pale models in tones of black, white, and violet gray embody the elegant coats and vaporous dresses like watery inklines. Headstrong and steadfast they move through a kind of fog as if waiting on a ghostly platform for the next train to Paris. Abstract Voyage was filmed by Manon Gicquel during a shoot with photographer Sarah Moon, the first woman to shoot the famed Pirelli calendar. The commissioning of two women artists aligns perfectly with Maria Grazia Chiuri's dedication to female empowerment. Her feminist messages have won her recognition by the British Fashion Council, who will award the designer with the Positive Changes Award at the 2018 Fashion Award.  Emma Hartvig Photography Jewelery Selection Emily Minchella Vanessa Bellugeon Styling  Models: Marilhea peillard, Carolin Sunderhauf and Marie-Louise Wedel at Elite Models. Designer set: Eleonora Succi Makeup: Sergio Corvacho  Hair: Stéphane Bodin Photo Assistant: Bertrand Jeannot Assistante stylisme: Daisy Oldfield Jewelry: Van Cleef & Arpels, Buccellati, Chopard, Parmigiani, Damiani, Pomellato, Beers, Repossi, Chanel, Louis Vuitton With, in order of appearance, the clothes of the Max Mara, Sportmax and Bottega Veneta houses; Köche; Ralph Lauren and Max Mara; 3.1 Phillip Lim, Esteban Cortazar, Ermanno Scervino and Ralph Lauren; Gucci; Celine, Atlantic Ascoli and Stella McCartney; Valentino and Lanvin; Dior and Ralph Lauren; Chanel; Céline and Louis Vuitton.  Exciting news, Fendi lovers! It's not necessary to go to Fendi boutiques anymore to get a unique, customized bag — just go to farfetch.com and create one exactly how you like it by choosing the color, accessories, F logo and scarf. And for those who do not like half-measures, there is an option to customize the strap as well. Check out some of the customizable bags in the slideshow below, and shop them here. For World AIDS Day, December 1, Naomi Campbell and Marc Jacobs have teamed up on a limited edition t-shirt. It reads, in large font, “This is a t-shirt by Naomi Campbell and Marc Jacobs to raise funds for UNAIDS,” mirroring Jacobs’s famous label “Marc Jacobs for Marc by Marc Jacobs in collaboration with Marc Jacobs.”  The collaboration was sparked by Campbell’s attendance at the 2016 World AIDS Day event held at the UN. Following the inspiration, the supermodel called up her longtime friend to gauge his interest. According to WWD, his response was a resounding “Absolutely.” Jacobs has a history of supporting causes; just last year, he teamed up with Miley Cyrus and artist Marilyn Minter on a batch of tees in support of Planned Parenthood. Miley and Naomi both participated in Jacobs’s 2008 “Protect the skin you’re in” campaign in support of melanoma research.  Proceeds from t-shirt sales will go to the United Nations Programme for HIV/AIDS, aka UNAIDS. The shirt goes on sale on December 1 in select Marc Jacobs stores and online at marcjacobs.com  When Beyonce made an announcement on Facebook saying that a new collection was coming, we couldn't contain our excitement. The capsule line includes all the holidays essentials like sweatshirts, T-shirts, overalls, phone cases and other goodies. The best part? It's at an affordable price point; the prices range from $12 to $85. You know what that means — it's not going to last long! You can find on her website the entire collection, but here's a sneak peek:  Following the news that Stella McCartney and Maria Grazia Chiurri will be honored at the Fashion Awards 2017 in partnership with Swarovski, the British Fashion Council has just announced the next major recipient at next week's ceremony: Donatella Versace, who will receive the Fashion Icon Award. It's a fitting time for Donatella to be honored with such a prestigious prize: she has undoubtably made this year, which happens to be the 20th anniversary of her brother Gianni's death, her own. She payed tribute to Prince at Versace's Spring 2017 menswear show, dressed Lady Gaga for the Super Bowl, and offered a stunning homage to her late brother for the brand's Spring 2018 show, sending his iconic prints down the runway on the supermodels he championed (and who have championed the house). 2018 also marks the 40th anniversary of the brand.  Donatella has also made a declaration of dedication toward a greener future at house Versace, bringing in an outside company, Nativa, to help establish sustainability goals and practices within the company.  “I am truly honoured to be collecting the Fashion Icon Award at The Fashion Awards 2017," Donatella said in a statement. "For 40 years my brother and I have done what we love and that is a legacy I am honoured to continue and uphold. We have celebrated empowerment, joy and of course glamour. We have championed a community of people who share our values and together with them have created truly iconic images in the world of fashion. I am truly humbled by how Versace has been embraced across the decades, across the world and across the generations. Thank you to the industry for your support of us, thank you to my team for their loyalty and incredibly hard work, thank you to my family and friends who have supported me more than they can know and thank you to the genius that was my brother Gianni. His incredible spirit is in everything we do and everything we stand for.” The Fashion Awards 2017 will take place on Monday, December 4 at the Royal Albert Hall in London. When Andra Dumitrascu arrived in Paris three days before her Fashion Week debut earlier this fall, she changed her mind immediately. She decided that her show, which was supposed to take place at the Pompidou (where Vetements staged its last runway show in January 2017), would have to move to a different location. "I was actually surprised how un-Pomidou the set-up was. The Paris rooftop panorama felt like a corporate five star hotel; the vibes were bland and rather pointless," she told L'Officiel. "I didn't feel this was worth it, so we went for the metro station instead," she continued. "I liked the vision of the random commuters mixing with the models and the audience, the vibes of the station, the train noise, the rush." The Berlin-based designer replaced the conventional hard copy show invitation with metro card tickets too. "It felt instantly inspiring. So, it was easy." And just like that, Dumitrascu became one of the most talked about young designers who showed in Paris this season. The Romanian-born designer studied under Raf Simons, Veronique Branquinho, and Bernard Wilhelm and attended the University of Applied Arts in Vienna. After that, she opened a nameless shop in Berlin, which functioned as a space to discover new talent in fashion, art and design. But this was her first formal fashion show in the City of Light.     Part of the reason Dumitrascu attracted so much attention for her debut show in late September was in part because she flipped the script of the traditional Paris Fashion Week show. In Paris, it seems that even the most compelling young brands have their shows or presentations at established, sterile locations such as museums and hotels. The collision of real life meets high fashion was entertaining and made for an authentic moment, espcially on Instagram. Dumitrascu even decided during the show to tell the models to take a ride on the metro. "It's very traditional but also traditionally anarchic," she says of the current fashion scene in Paris. "At least when it comes to fashion. It reinvents itself and also the industry once in a while." The designer has a way of meshing unsual inspiration with her aesthetics too. "Antep Urfa," says the designer, referencing a kebab shop in Paris. "The sign of a closed kebab shop, late at night. It didn't have any direct impact; I just kept resurfacing while I worked on the collection. The inspiration was eclectic: clubs, people at night, refugees from the day, the war, the office, the rooftop. Whatever. Uniforms of transit, youth, representation — but also the essence of your belongings — what would still be part of your world if you had to leave it behind; what would you want to stay with you." She's not the only Berlin-based designer changing Paris Fashion Week either. In fact, just a few days later, in early October, Ottolinger staged a series of shows on a tourist boat on the Seine. As press, buyers and friends of the brand gathered on the edges of the bi-layer boat, models walked up the stairs and through the crowd. There was no music. The only sounds were the stomping of their feet, the gentle clink of the metal chain accessories and the fast clicking of the cameras. People walking above on the street stood and watched, wondering what was happening. Again, it was another case of a Berlin-based brand scraping the conventional runway show and involving regular people. It was the second time Ottolinger presented in Paris. In 2016, Christa Bösch and Cosima Gadient were part of VFiles and presented their couture-like collection (which had been lit on fire, as part of the process) in New York. "Paris Fashion Week might be the most important fashion week these days in terms of showing, presenting yourself, meeting people," the designer duo said. "It's hard to say for us if Paris Fashion Week is changing overall, we only showed here twice, but it certainly feels like a good place for us right know." Unlike Dumitrascu, Ottolinger's perfomrance was planned in advance. "When we where in Paris the previous season, we fell in love with the "Bateaux Mouches“ floating on the river Seine, and just thought it would be amazing to show our collection on one of these boats, having the city as its background." As for the growing number of Berlin designers being innovative on the Paris runways, Ottolinger's designers say, "Berlin is a great city for a young label like us, with a lot of young artists and designers, and it’s a place where we can focus on work because its still affordable." Dumitrascu adds, "I think Berlin is a good mindset for improvisation; it makes it easy to redefine things: aesthetically and intellectually. It's a place nourished by art, poverty and freedom; challenging its habitants with an ongoing change. That imposes a creative mindset I guess."   After the women of the Kardashian, Jung and Yuan families proved that style was in their genes, it’s the McGregor girls’ turn to shine in their own Fendi Peekaboo bag campaign. Actress and photographer Clara and her singer-songwriter sister, Esther, are filmed spending time together on a beach in L.A. Despite growing up in the shadow of a world-renown actor father, it is clear that the two young women are beautiful and unique in their own ways.   #MeAndMyPeekaboo is Fendi’s way of commemorating the tenth anniversary of its iconic Peekaboo bag. Check out the McGregor girls' chapter, below. It is said that your piano playing was inspired by a Lady Gaga concert, is this true?  Nobody in my family is in show business. As I was captain of a swimming team at school, if I had had a vocation, it should have been the sport. Or health, or a public service job. On the other hand, I always liked music, at 9 years old I started to take singing lessons, and that's when I saw Lady Gaga in concert at 16 in Perth, the city where I grew up, I had a revelation! That same evening, I put myself alone at the piano. It was that very generation that inspired the first single off of 2017’s Lust for Life. Released exactly one month after President Trump’s inauguration, “Love” felt like the answer to a collective cultural prayer asking how we might move forward as a nation. It was hopeful in a way that was unfamiliar to her audience, making it all the more powerful. “Don’t worry baby,” she sings on the track, referencing a Beach Boys song released in the ’60s, another era of societal unrest. Not long after came the album (the cover of which shows her beaming smile) and more political tracks. “There were things I’ve wanted to say for so long and the environment was not a great place to be outspoken,” she says. “All I can ever think of every day when I wake up is how grateful I am that that’s changing. That’s my whole life right now.”   Shop the collection, in full here. Last night, 2017's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show premiered on CBS. For the most part, all was well and good; Jane Zhang, Leslie Odom Jr, Miguel, and Harry Styles all gave wonderful performances. The girls looked beautiful and poised, almost surreal. And the brand debuted its collection with Balmain. However, if you search "Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2017," the first suggestion that comes up is "Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2017 Fall." Yes, the first televised fall in the show's history, by Chinese model Angel Ming Xi, was aired last night. She catches her heel in her skirt, tumbles to the commentary of CBS producers ("Ming is down!") and gets back up relatively gracefully, with Brazilian model Gizele Oliviera lending her fellow Angel a hand in picking her walk back up. To the sound of other Angels clapping, she finishes her strut, posing and walking backstage. This is where the hairy ethics of the show start to become apparent. This beautiful young woman has just had what she admits to be one of "the hardest moments [she has] ever had to go through," and so naturally, when she gets backstage she starts crying. It's a natural response to a mortifying event, particularly when you're representing your own country (she was) and when your family is in the audience (they were). CBS, in tandem with the brand, had cameras backstage and managed to catch the crying on film. And they aired it on television. If the Victora's Secret Fashion Show aired live, this would have been understandable, but it doesn't. It even films twice, once during dress rehearsal. Plus, they have a precedent for editing. In 2012, after backlash for sending Karlie Kloss down the runway in a Native American headdress, the brand removed the look from the broadcast.  Choosing not to edit out the fall makes it look like the two companies decided to use one model's embarrassing moment in order to push a superficial rah-rah-girl-power message to bolster their branding, each tweeting out "Angels always get back up" in a callback this morning, once the news had proliferated headlines. Yes, the truth is sometimes embarrassing and otherwise bad things happen and we have to keep going. But in an increasingly volatile world, why should this be news? The phrase "angels always get back up" rings out of touch. We often look to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, and other runways, aspirationally, but those who are watching the show don't necessarily want to be angels anymore. There is more than one thing to aspire to than beauty—and the tagline the companies are using belittles that. Boiled down, CBS and Victoria's Secret took the hardest moment of a young woman's career and decided to capitalize on it. She will now be known as "the girl who fell," not "the girl who got back up," no matter what line they use. Eventually she may get past it, but for the time being it will define her. CBS and Victoria's Secret are changing the course of someone's career and their public identity to further an idea that doesn't even resonate. And the worst part? The didn't have to.  The British Fashion Council continues to announce the winners of its 2018 Fashion Awards with Swarovski. Following the announcement of Stella McCartney taking home a new Innovation award, the BFC has announced newly-minted Dior designer Maria Grazia Chiuri will take home the Positive Change Award, which was presented for the first time, last year, to the late Italian Vogue editor Franca Sozzani. Chiuri plans to honor Sozzani while accepting the award.  “The feminist movement that I felt so close to for a long time is finally resonating in society, and this recognition sends a powerful message to all women battling on a daily basis” said Chiuri who has dedicated her first collections for Dior to feminism. Beyond her standout designs, the T-shirts printed with simple strong messages like “We Should All Be Feminists” and “Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?” have been her buzziest works. Both shirts were inspired the writings of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and Linda Nochlin, respectively. On the occasion, BFC chairman Natalie Massanet says, "Maria Grazia will be recognized for her successful creative achievements, her contribution to the empowerment of women in fashion and the determination to encourage women of future generations to believe in themselves. The positive impact that she has had on fashion and society in general makes it a great inspiration for all of us." Things are heating up once again at the renowned French retailer Colette as it welcomes its final designer collaboration before it closes doors on 20th December 2017. After the successful Chanel at Colette, the retailer is back to wow once last time with a Saint Laurent collaboration featuring a small selection from its Spring/Summer 2018 collection and a long list of limited-edition items designed for Saint Laurent by various brands including Vespa, Polaroid, Baccarat and Bang & Olufsen. Here are the top 5 must-have pieces at the Saint Laurent x Colette takeover. The all-black Vespa is priced at €6,900 (approx. RM33,000) and Ruby for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello helmet is a must at €2,500 (approx. RM12,000). The B&O PLAY by Bang & Olufsen for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello portable speakeris priced at €295 (approx. RM1,500). The Polaroid for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello custom vintage SX-70 camera is priced at €500 (approx. RM2,500). The Arkaic Concept for Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello skate deck is priced at €195 (approx. RM1,000) each. Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello fetish toys is priced between €250 to €395 (RM1,200 to RM2,000) each.  And aside from all that we have highlighted above, there's plenty of other quirky and chic pieces created for Saint Laurent x Colette including Le Smoking-inspired lighters, musician-inspired hoodies and tees (think Patti Smith and Bryan Ferry), Pierre Marcolini for Saint Laurent chocolates and Baccarat jewels! (Swipe gallery below to see more of the Saint Laurent x Colette collection) The Saint Laurent x Colette store take-over is happening from November 27 to December 20. Colette will officially be closing its doors permanently from the end of 20th December 2017. Visit www.colette.fr for more information. Selena Gomez has officially joined the PUMA family, and the first campaign photos for the collaboration have arrived. The partnership was first announced back in September, and yesterday, the brand and singer took to Instagram to debut the Phenom shoes. Gomez wrote: "Guys, I'm so excited to share my first campaign for the new @PUMA Phenom. #DoYou." PUMA released their own statement to Just Jared Jr., saying "This bold shoe was built for bold women. That is why PUMA’s newest female ambassador, Selena Gomez, acts as the perfect embodiment of this dynamic shoe." Check out the campaign images below, and shop the new ($90!) Phenom sneakers here.       The collection includes an all-new, lightweight high top sneaker, the Phenom, dubbed by the brand the “most functional fashion trainer yet”.       Puma is no stranger to celebrity collabs. Gomez, a first-timer with the brand, joins Rihanna, Kylie Jenner, Big Sean, Jay-Z, and ex-beau The Weeknd.        David Lynch expanded his range of creativity with the brand Alex and Ani, and created a jewelry collection. Titled "Meditating Eye," the line includes cuffs, bracelets and neck jewelry. "The collection was created as a symbol, encouraging every human being to access that ocean of pure consciousness" the famous director tells about his inspiration. 20% of each item sold will be donated to the David Lynch Foundation, which helps war veterans, refugees and victims of domestic violence through transcendental meditation. Take a look at the collection below, available to shop online now.  From Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, to newer emerging apps like Bumble and Tinder, social media apps have taken over our lives in the recent years as we spend more time posting, selfie-ing and swiping on our tech devices. Armani Exchange wants to take a stand against this addiction of ours with a new statement t-shirt collection, starring Cara Delevingne, Martin Garrix, and Liu Yifeng.     Featuring five unique slogans on three variations of black, red and white t-shirts, Armani Exchange wants to share this message to the world – get off your phones and start talking to the person next to you IRL. A move made to counter digital addiction and to promote emotions and interaction in the real world, Armani Exchange wants the world to know that virtual can never take over reality. And we agree to that (even though, we think digital still plays a big part of our lives). It really doesn't hurt for everyone to stop and unwind for our digital persona and live a little. The Armani Exchange Statement T-shirts, in white, black or red, and in two fits – male and female – are now available at all Armani Exchange stores worldwide including major shopping malls in Kuala Lumpur.   Women seduced by a beacon of colour, drapery and ankle-grazing dresses would be charmed by new Dutch designer Sander Lak’s label Sies Marjan this fall. The runway was speckled with models in cushy multi-coloured robes trailing closely behind fair-haired models like Vittoria Ceretti and Bella Hadid. The Brunei-born Holland native made his debut last fall and has since gained popularity among fashion’s It girls and insiders. Lak previously worked with Marc Jacobs and Phillip Lim before heading Dries Van Noten’s designer team for five years, and the latter’s inclination towards colour and eclecticism may have influenced his aesthetics. London-based Natalia Alaverdian, designer behind A.W.A.K.E (acronym for All Wonderful Adventures Kindle Enthusiasm), combines Japanese sensibilities with conceptual tailoring this season to weave a narrative behind molluscs — octopuses, to be exact. Ruffled spherical sleeves made obvious nods to the form of tentacles while the whirling of drapery on cream floor-length skirts were akin to the movement of these creatures in water. Considering the fact that this marks the fifth year since the launch of the label, it’ll be particularly interesting to witness which direction Alaverdian will embark on from here. New kid on the block AALTO drew inspiration from Finland’s youths by injecting bold prints and textures into what would otherwise be prim attire. There has been some consistency to Tuomas Merikoski’s AALTO despite its newness — his inclination toward classic tailoring. However, this season sports a more playful take on workwear. Still office-appropriate, but hardly cliché. It was a game of fashion musical chairs in Milan this season as new designers took the stage alongside quintessential Italian names. Two young designers who in two collections have shown their inclination towards chic and daring pieces are Milanese designers Giorgia Tordini and Gilda Ambrosio’s Attico. The designers, who are also street style stars in their own right, have diffused their personal style into the label — think sequinned-spangled jumpsuits and satin mono-coloured wrap dresses — and were successful in marrying the “I woke up like this” aesthetic with refined elegance. Blatant and serving up a whole lot of defiance, Vaquera is NYC’s breakout label headed by design A-team Patric DiCaprio, David Moses, Bryn Taubensee and Claire Sully. The political climate in America has sent shockwaves through fashion’s big blue marble, the label reacted with a runway spectacle of all-American icons, such as life-size Tiffany & Co pouch and a couture chef’s uniform topped with a tall toque hat. As it turns out, the emotional strife that was translated into Vaquera’s signature kitschy DIY aesthetic seems to strike a chord with attendees of the show and it's fortifying the ethos of their label even more. In DiCaprio’s words, “This brand isn’t about making something to be sold in stores – obviously I’d love that — but it’s all about fantasy.” Perhaps it’s the lingering disposition of past subcultures or its standing as an international creative hub, but London is big on off-the-beaten-track glamour this season while playing cheeky culture-provocateur. A designer embodying this zeitgeist is Charles Jeffrey, whose label Charles Jeffrey Loverboy, takes “ugly pretty” to the next level. This Fall, the collection transports us to an alternate universe where the Renaissance meets the inside of the club from the ‘80s. Think crackled faces painted white, mud-smeared torsos paired with oversized tailcoats and ruffled collars. In a sense, Jeffrey’s tongue-in-cheek designs goes beyond just fashion as each garment exudes its own psyche. He’s caught the eye of the British Fashion Council, and was awarded a sponsorship from its annual NewGen fund for exceptional emerging designers. Sexual harassment is not something just happening in Hollywood. Model and activist Cameron Russell (@cameronrussell) has taken to Instagram to shine the light on the issue in the fashion industry as well.  Under the hashtag #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse, Cameron is sharing stories of harassment and abuse faced by young and inexperienced models, inflicted upon them by seasoned professionals in the industry. In her Instagram, Cameron says, "This was not an expose because nothing in these stories should be a revelation for those working in our industry. Instead, it was the beginning of a power shift. We are speaking to each other, we are speaking up, we are speaking to lawyers, and we are speaking to well-resourced reporters." And in light of that, we at L'Officiel wants to share this with you, our readers, to bring to light a problem that has plagued many and hope that change will happen – through your hands and ours. Cameron Russell Has a Message for Powerful Men The movement started when Cameron began sharing the first story on Instagram, which was about a 15-year-old who was harassed by a photographer on set, in mid-October 2017. From then on, many have reached out to Cameron to share their experiences, which include both female and male models and the model-activist has since shared many on her Instagram (see gallery below). In these posts (most of which were sent by Instagram DMs), Cameron has blacked out the names mentioned to respect the privacy of all parties involved. She says, "My first priority is to respond to people sharing their stories today. So please excuse my silence. My second priority is to work with a serious investigative team and with the support of model organizers and lawyers take the pain of people who have suffered seriously, and protect them before anything else, while working to ensure this culture of violence is shaken to its core." She adds, "And because the response has always been 'are you surprised?' or 'that's part of the job,' I tolerated them. When the offences were bigger, calling them out is terrifying, and demands a level of exposure and backlash to what is already painful and sometimes shameful." Screenshots in gallery below are taken from @cameronrussell. A longtime advocate for raising awareness for the protection of models, Cameron has fought hard over the past 5 years to help the young models of the industry through her many social projects including the Model Mafia group at the People's Climate March. The stories posted so far include both verbal and physical abuse; and even post-trauma that breaks our heart to read. Cameron continues to say in one of her posts, ""There are many Weinsteins in our industry, they aren't hard to spot. If you know one, act now. Don't wait for 30 years for a New York Times expose." While, previously, haute couture enjoyed unmixed supremacy, and ready-to-wear fashion shows were seen only by a relatively small group, today, it is the more commercial resort collections that have taken their place. Here's why (and how) brands are placing more and more emphasis on this season every year.  Location, location, location First of all, it's a question of geography. As in real estate, location is everything. That's why brands in the four fashion capitals are constantly on the lookout for new sites to showcase their creations. As Sidney Toledano, CEO of Christian Dior Couture, points out, "The cruise collections are exclusive collections, presented to VIP customers and the international press in exceptional settings around the world. These places always resonate with the history of the house and illustrate the inspiration of the collection. For example, the instinctive and wild woman, imagined by Maria Grazia Chiuri for her first Dior cruise collection, marched through the Upper Las Virgenes Canyon nature reserve, a place where nature reigns supreme."  It's about giving to their collections atmosphere and local color, which a dream site allows immediately. With the resort shows, by inviting guests to distant and exotic destinations, the largest luxury brands have pushed this concept even further. For his part, Nicolas Ghesquière, Louis Vuitton's artistic director, believes that "the cruise is synonymous with travel and movement. A unique architectural trip to the Louis Vuitton House. We move in a relationship between nature, geography, architecture and the vision of a great architect, as was the case with John Lautner and Oscar Niemeyer." Ultimate exclusivity We must thank Karl Lagerfeld and Chanel for the advent of the resort collections. In 2006, the German fashion designer had the idea of ​​chartering a vintage bus to take a tour of Paris to a selection of editors and fashion editors, with models wearing parts of his resort line that went up and down the bus to selected stops. The first time the house presented a collection outside the walls. "A cruise parade is a show. A live performance inspired by certain facets of a place and its culture. Going to meet new horizons is a way of nurturing the imagination around the Chanel house and renewing its vision while sharing the culture and the richness of the place where you walk, " explains Bruno Pavlovsky, President of Fashion Activities at Chanel.  Gradually, since this Chanel fashion show, the biggest luxury houses have been overbidding: it is about finding ever more sumptuous and more select places to present their cruise collections - Havana, Kyoto, Los Angeles, Florence, Singapore, São Paulo, Dubai, and New York, to name a few. And an invitation to one of these shows is almost the ultimate guarantee of success among the elite of the fashion world.  
In most cases, with the exception of a handful of journalists who are still funded by their magazines, it is the brand that pays for the travel expenses of its select group of guests. In general, it is a cultural circuit, with visits to museums as well as dinners and evenings in the most sumptuous local establishments, with the cruise parade constituting both the pièce de résistance and the final bouquet.  
"These parades, all over the world, are truly the ultimate luxury experience - in general, to get there, you have to travel, and on the spot, there is more to enjoy the scenery exotic and spectacular, " says Caroline Issa, editor-in-chief of Tank magazine and often invited to such events. "If the catwalk shows amaze us so much is that these collections are rather commercial, so easy to wear, and presented in contexts as magical, they can seem even more captivating than the fashion week parades of fashion weeks." Time to "breathe" on social networks 

This new type of ultra-selective event was actually created in response to the democratization of the fashion industry as a whole. With the proliferation of multimedia platforms, 360-degree videos and streaming shows, it's almost as if anyone can now be part of the world of fashion — a world that is constantly bombarded with new images. Especially during the ready-to-wear parades, where designers have only a few hours, the maximum, to make an impression with their collection before the next parade comes to supplant it on the front of the stage. In such a climate, where everything is linked without the least dead time, it is almost impossible to distinguish in the saturated space of social networks.  
This is why resort shows, held in isolation, are also a financial winner for the brands. As they do not take place during fashion weeks, they have time to "breathe" on social networks, making more buzz for a longer period and dominating the news cycle all by themselves. Delight customers 

"Today's consumers are saturated with information and they are overwhelmed by the choices they constantly need to be stimulated by fashion houses, in the form of experiences (context) and visual and interactive media," analyzes Uché Pézard, founder of the prestigious consulting firm Luxe Corp. "At the same time, because of the impact of global warming and the emergence of new markets in warmer climates, the scale and frequency of collections are changing as well. This adds to the importance of cruise collections; they have become an absolutely essential tool to delight customers, " she adds. 
The cruise shows are also a welcome strategic gesture to thank an international clientele. Presenting a collection in a country with a number of high fashion buyers can also be a great way for a home to show its gratitude and dedication to its local base. In addition, nothing like a cruise parade to promote the opening of a new flagship store in a growing luxury market. "A cruise is a parade, a collection, the most important economically and strategically; but it's mostly a point of view, " says Michael Burke, the CEO of Louis Vuitton.  
So that's the main thing, we come back to it: creating a point of view. The fashion industry's recent effort to be more inclusive is a wonderful thing that has helped it expand its audiences globally and regain consciousness. But the essence of fashion is also to dream, and to continue to do so, it must give its faithful landscapes, places and clothes that inspire adherence. The desire to belong to a vision. Most people will never experience a direct resort show. But the fashionista who buys a lipstick, a pair of sunglasses, a handbag or a garment from her favorite designer can feel, in her own way, that she contributes to the story of the house she follows with fidelity. Below is a recap of where the biggest houses chose to show their resort collections this year. Gucci 

Where: Florence, Italy 
Location: Palazzo Palazzo Palazzo Palazzo Palazzo 
Theme of the collection: the Renaissance electric version 
Number of guests: 400 
Front row: Elton John, Jared Leto, Kirsten Dunst, Dakota Johnson Soundtrack: A live performance by Beth Ditto Chanel 

Where: Paris, France 
Location: The Grand Palace 
Theme of the collection: Ancient Greece 
Number of guests: 800 
Front row: Charlotte Casiraghi, Keira Knighley, Isabel Huppert, Pedro Almodóvar 
Soundtrack: the music of the film "Medea" by Pier Paolo Pasolini Louis Vuitton 

Where: Kyoto, Japan 
Location: Miho Museum 
Theme of the collection: Japanese traditions 
Number of guests: 600 
Front row: Michelle Williams, Jennifer Connely, Sophie Turner 
Soundtrack: duo frenchie The Blaze Prada  Where: Milan, Italy 
Location: the Fondazione Prada Osservatorio, in the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II 
Collection theme: Beautiful era with sportwear trend 
Number of guests: 200 
Front row: Courtney Love, Mila Jovovitch, Susan Sarandon 
Soundtrack: the soundtrack to David Bilin's "Bilitis" by Francis Lai Dior 

Where: California, United States 
Location: Upper Las Virgenes Canyon Reserve 
Collection theme: western spirit gaucho 
Number of guests: 800 
Front row: Rihanna, Charlize Theron, Moore Demi, Brie Larson 
Soundtrack: a Solange live Renowned Tunisian-French designer Azzedine Alaïa passed away Saturday morning, leaving behind a powerful legacy in women’s fashion. Alaïa’s work redefined creativity, breaking away from traditions of couture. He crafted his brand in his own vision, working at his own pace, choosing to forgo fashion week schedules. His legacy is built on his masterfully sculpted, innovative, body-hugging designs. His work transcended time, allowing him to work with every from Naomi Campell and Madonna to Michelle Obama.  Fashion’s most influential share their sympathies for the lost beloved designer.         Rihanna      Marc Jacobs      Emmanuelle Alt      Lady Gaga      Simon Porte Jacquemus      Kaia Gerber       Nicki Minaj      Christy Turlington      Madonna      Mario Testino      Olivier Rousteing      Edward Enninful      Bella Hadid          Punk-inspired looks by Victoria’s Secret and Balmain shared the stage with Harry Styles yesterday in Shanghai at the taping of the VS Fashion Show. Airing next Tuesday, November 28, the star-studded show was a constellation of genres as a solo Styles was among headliners Chinese pop star Jane Zhang, Tony-award winning Hamilton star Leslie Odom Jr., and Grammy-award winning R&B singer Miguel. With four performers instead of their usual two, VS stepped up their star power as two big names were not in attendance. Three days before taping, Gigi Hadid announced on Twitter that she could not attend the Victoria’s Secret show this year, sparking speculation after four models were reportedly denied visas to enter China (along with Katy Perry). Coupled with Kendall Jenner’s absence from the VS runway after her deal with lingerie line La Perla, that makes two high-profile models missing from this year’s show. Nonetheless, stars like Karlie Kloss, returning after a two-year hiatus, and Bella Hadid walked wing-clad down the runway. You can find the full list of models walking the show here: Karlie Kloss, Bella Hadid, Jourdana Elizabeth, Lameka Fox, Devon Windsor, Sui He, Samille Bermannelli, Ju Wen, Kelly Gale, Liu Wen, Shu Pei, Ming Xi, Cindy Bruna, Dilone, Frida Aasen, Leila Nda, Victoria Lee, Vanessa Moody, Grace Elizabeth, Maggie Laine, Nadine Leopold, Leomie Anderson, Maria Borges, Daniela Braga, Bruna Lirio, Gizele Oliveira, Aiden Curtis, Alexina Graham, Zuri Tibby, Estelle Chen, Grace Bol, Sanne Vloet, Mayowa Nicholas, Amilna Estevao, Alanna Arrington, Barbara Fialho, Megan Williams, Roos Marijndekok, Alecia Morais, Georgia Fowler, Blanca Padilla, and Hereith Paul. Check out every look here, and watch a preview of the show below. Kering, which owns Gucci, Saint Laurent, Balenciaga and other major brands, encourages us to unite against gender-based violence. Today the group of companies launched the 6th annual campaign "White Ribbon for Women," this time under the motto #ICouldHaveBeen. The focus is on raising awareness on the violence endured by girls and women. Alessandro Michele, Stella McCartney, Christopher Kane, Joseph Altuzarra and other designers are taking part in the action.    From the 20th to 25th of November on ICouldHaveBeen.org everyone will be able to feel what it's like have been subjected to violence. According to statistics, 1 in 3 girl becomes a victim of violence. And although no one can understand that they actually experience, the White Ribbon For Women movement makes you think about it. Take a look at the campaign images below. Over the weekend, a bevy of bra-clad supermodels made their way to Shanghai for the legendary 2017 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. The lineup is a veritable who's who in the modeling world, with everyone from veteran angels like Alessandra Ambrosio to relative newcomers like Bella Hadid (sadly strutting the runway without her sister, Gigi, who was banned from entering China due to a past social media post that the government deemed offensive). And while the lingerie label has made significant strides when it comes to diversity in recent years, it still has a long ways to go when it comes to body size—a fact that supermodel and activist Ashley Graham cheekily called out in an Instagram post.   The photo came with the caption: "Got my wings! 🦋💐🌈😜 .. my #AdditionElle wings! #thickthighssavelives."  Aside from her numerous magazine covers (including American Vogue), Graham has made a name for herself not only being vocal about more body size representation in the fashion industry, but also for being a successful businesswoman; her all-inclusive lingerie line, Addition Elle (worn by Graham in the photo posted above), makes it clear that her commitment to changing beauty and size standards is more than just talk—she's actually doing something about it.  Will there come a time when we get to see Graham strut down the VS catwalk alongside her supermodel peers? We certainly hope so.  Under the new leadership of Raf Simons, Calvin Klein is advancing its #MYCALVINS campaign with a new initiative: "Our Family." Photographed by longtime Simons collaborator Willy Vanderperre, the campaign sees Solange, Dev Hynes, Kelela, Caroline Polachek (formerly of Chairlift), and Adam Bainbridge (Kindness) all wearing Calvin Klein Underwear and Calvin Klein denim. As gems of New York City's music scene, the casted crew prove Simons's commitment to supporting American artists, which falls in line with the brand's long heritage as an American classic.  Though not related by blood, the cast appear as a chosen musical family. Since 2014, the #MYCALVINS's campaign has placed an emphasis on the individual. Here, it puts an emphasis on those individuals come together to form a community. "The evolved #MYCALVINS concept has family at its center, a display of unity between strong individuals, further emphasized by the symbolism of the traditional American quilt. This campaign captures these bonds and brings to life different ways we can inspire families - both born and made - to connect with one another, and celebrate the things that unite us," reads a statement.  More images from the campaign will roll out, fittingly, into the holiday season and into Spring 2018.  Photos courtesy of Getty Images / Victoria's Secret.  The scandal surrounding harassment is becoming bigger and bigger, and now not only implicates the people involved in the events, but also those who talk about it. Stefano Gabbana recently spoke about what is happening and said that he does not recognize harassment as violence—simply sex—and instead designates it a trend. "This is not new," Gabbana said when discussing the topic with Marc Garnier, a British politician. "Luchino Visconti invited Helmut Berger and Alain Delon to go to bed... but listen, it's up to you. It's true. Everybody knows. In 20 years you will say: 'Ah! He touched my ass. This is not violence.'" Continuing on with the topic, the designer went deep into Italian history. "Who does not have sex? Who knows about it? " — says the designer. "Now sex is a trend, but sex is an old story. We are Italians. We came from the Roman Empire. We know this very well. " Celebs and art lovers meandered through the iconic Guggenheim rotunda during last night's pre-party for the International Guggenheim Gala, made possible by Dior. The open bar led many to stay on the ground floor and dance, where DJ Kindness played a set. Others, like Dior designer Maria Grazia Chiuri wandered through the space and watched from above. The event, celebrating artist Cai Guo-Qiang, saw guests 'gramming the artwork and take selfies, champagne glasses in hand. Of course, it wouldn't be a Dior party without the fashion. Models, actresses and It girls including Kate Mara, Chelsea Leyland, Mia Moretti, Leigh Lezark, Michelle Monaghan, Indre Rockefeller, Grace Hartzel and Teddy Quinlivan wore the latest from the brand. Considering Dior's dedication to feminism in fashion, it comes as no suprise that the musical act was Haim. When the trio took to the stage wearing custom Dior--scarlet-hued leather, sequins, tulle and all--the crowd was completely transfixed.   For some people, starring in your own street style campaign is no big deal. But for most of us, it's a bit of a dream. Michael Kors allowed celebrities and commoners alike to live that dream last night at the premiere of his "Michael Kors The Walk" campaign last night. Guests could all step into the Kors Walkbox and be transported to one of many legendary streets, having their strut end in a dazzle of paparazzi flashes. An AI editor then edited them digitally into the film, making it so each guest had a campaign and video of their own to come home with. Of course, not all the guests needed the box to make an impression. Soo Joo Park, who you might recognize from her appearance in our site's launch video, was in attendance, along with Ella Richards, Princess Olympia of Greece, and Bibi Zhou, amongst many other notable names. Catch the photos from the event below. For a couple of months we've known Victoria's Secret was preparing a collaboration—now we know they have invited the creative director of Balmain, Olivier Rousteing to join them. Presently, you can look at a few things from the capsule collection—the cost varies from $28 to $248. Everything is shiny, and rivets abound (which you could have expected). For those looking to get their hands on it, the collection will be on sale on November 29th at Victoria's Secret stores and on the official website. Early riser or night owl? Early riser.  What did you think of first thing this morning? Tracy Anderson.  Who inspires you? Everyday women inspire me.  Insider tips for a healthy life. Sports and lots of water.   What is your guilty pleasure? Popcorn. The accent with the most sex appeal? My husband's.   Last movie you saw. Kingsman: The Golden Circle.  The worst nickname you ever got? In a city like New York, you hear all the possibilities.  What's your favorite garment? My jackets from Moncler.  What have you worn most often? Either my black leather leggins from Paige or my girls from Roger Vivier.  A beauty product without which you could not live? All products by Dr. Dennis Gross.   The last beauty treatment you had? One of my weekly dates at Joanna Vargas. What's your favorite piece of jewelry? My pieces from Verdura.  Holiday plans. On holidays, it is sometimes better to be spontaneous.  What do you like best about the winter? The fashion. I like it if I can wear different layers.  White Christmas or beach? I like the ski season.  Your favorite travel destination in winter? Courchevel. I love to ski, and there are three mountains there. You can even go in March. The ski season there is longer than in other places.  Image Credits for Cover Picture: Turtleneck, Max Mara. Coton shorts, Baserange.
Earring "Possession Palm", Piaget. Photography
Simon Emmett Styling
Lorna McGee Model
Olivia Palermo
@Models 1 Hairstyling
Matt Fugate Make-up
Cedric Jolivet Photo assistant
Sam Ford Styling Assistance
Yamine Daaboul Special thanks go to The Mark Hotel, New York. Like modelling, clubbing is having a moment. And when Chanel invites you somewhere, you don't say no. So when the brand launched their pop-up "Coco Club" at SoHo outpost of womens' social club The Wing to celebrate the launch of their Boy-Friend watch, naturally, the world's beautiful people showed up in droves. It was well worth it—not only did Billie Eilish perform, but guests were able to partake in ping-pong, a beauty bar, and of course plenty of Instagram opportunities. Check out a gallery of photos from the night, courtesy of Chanel and BFA, below. "It's like a UFO has landed in Berlin" is how Rianna + Nina’s fans described the initial launch of the brand three years ago. The vivid colors, complex patterns, rich silks and stunning, indescribable textures are archetypal opposites of the dark, minimalistic style Berlin has become synonymous with. It all started when Rianna Nektaria Kounou met Nina Kuhn at a vintage furniture fair. Both were wearing bright colors and immediately hit it off. As if that wasn't enough, Kuhn had a background in public relations, doing press for Galeries Lafayette in Berlin, while Kounou’s family has been working in the secondhand clothing market for decades by way of vintage shops and collecting rare fabrics. Naturally, Kounou also got her education in costume design. Shortly after the two had their first dinner together, the brand Nina + Rianna was born. Ever since, they've been having touble keeping their pieces in stock. Taking a look at their website instantly reveals that almost everything is sold out. A previous trunk show on Moda Operandi sold out within just two days. Their pop-up, which just opened on the third floor of Bergdorf Goodman (and remains open for the next two weeks) brought fans who plucked some of the very best pieces during the first day. One individual had her stylist spend over $100,000 on opening day. The secret of their success lies in the individuality of each of their garments. A Rianna + Nina kimono is one of a kind. Each is crafted from an assortment of vintage silk scarves and fabrics and handmade in Berlin, hence the brand’s couture references. Sometimes, you’ll even find one made completely of Hermes scarves. But the magic doesn’t end there: you can style them in a variety of ways, too. A printed kimono can be worn open with jeans, its sash tied around the neck like a choker necklace. Or you could belt it and wear it as a dress for a night out. The beauty of the Rianna + Nina’s pieces is that you could have an entire wardrobe of them, but it wouldn’t feel like you were wearing the same thing. “We use about six different scarves, from Hermes, Dior, different brands, and mix them together,” says Kuhn. While the focus is clearly on kimonos, the friends also craft kaftans, dresses and some variations of outerwear, such as capes (all one of a kind.) One dress from the line encompasses up to 30 different scarves. Rianna + Nina also recently collaborated with Swarovski, for a few over-the-top glitzy pieces available at the Bergdorf pop-up. In general, pieces range from $800 to over $15,000. However, the key philosophy that makes an impact no matter the garment, is that everything is one size. Along with that, all the jackets are completely reversible. Some of the heavily patterned silk pieces are transformed into classic, demure blazers when flipped. “What we like about the kimono is that it’s not fitted,” says Kuhn. “It fits so many women, it’s comfortable and it’s still special. You can wear it with a belt or without. It’s so tiring for so many women with tops that are so small. It’s not a problem, but the industry makes a problem.” “Rianna and I, we are so different body-wise, but we look good in our designs. Both of us.” Notably, both were wearing their own designs and looked incredible at the Bergdorf event. Prior to arriving at Bergdorf Goodman, the label sold pieces from its Berlin shop and atelier, as well as from a few international retailers in Europe. Coming to New York signifies not only that the brand is expanding, but also highlights the launch of their ready-to-wear line, which debuted in Berlin just a few months ago. Like the line’s signature pieces, the ready-to-wear clothing focuses on vintage textiles—the difference is that they are not one of a kind. Instead, the duo hunted down pieces, like vintage 1940s tablecloths, that would make for the perfect garment. “In this industry, everything is so fast and everything is about cheap production,” says Kuhn. “Everything is about trends. We will keep on doing the kimono. We know it’s a trend right now, but we did them right when we started three years ago. It’s really shocking for us how big kimonos got. It’s our bread and butter.” Fur, fun, and flashy are three constants in the expanding Fendi word nebula. As more luxury brands design for the athleisurewear market, Fendi is looking to strengthen its hold through its F is for Fendi campaign. Curated “by millennials for millennials”, the campaign authenticates the brand’s value in freaks, fulgore, faces, and freedom. In a video released today Fendi adds a new word to the series: Fearless. Two athletes parkour through an urban jungle gym built atop the Palazzo Della Civiltà Italiana in Rome wearing the brand’s latest leisurewear. Watch the video below: This time last year, luxury fashion conglomerate LVMH brought Europe's premiere luggage brand, Rimowa, under its umbrella with an 80% controlling stake in the company. LVMH head Bernard Arnault then made it family official by appointing his son, Alexandre, as co-chief executive.  Today, the union was unofficially celebrated with a collaboration between the travel goods company and another LVMH-owned brand: the Italian fashion house Fendi, famously helmed by Karl Lagerfeld.  While not an outré showing, the silver rollaway is decked with the Fendi F logo and outfitted with a crisp securing band. Perfect for the fashion-minded jetsetter looking to elevate their travel essential. The suitcase will be on sale on November 27 on Rimowa's online platform.  Following the massive success of their recent Fall 2017 menswear collaboration, cult skate brand Supreme and French luxury fashion house Louis Vuitton have teamed up once more—but this time for charity.  A new, one-of-a-kind pillow-stuffed Pudsey bear has been decked out in garb from the collection, complete with the collaborative pattern. It is being sold off on ebay as part of the Money Can't Buy Auction, hosted annually by the BBC's Children In Need program. 100% of the sales go towards the charity.  At the time of posting, the bear had already received a $68,000 bid.  Do you have that kind of money? Support a good cause and take home an impressive collectible while doing so by bidding here.  For decades, Americans have been breaking boundaries by allowing comfort into the world of high fashion. A sometimes aloof community, the fashion industry has spent years thinking of ways to elevate the everyday basics like a tee-shirt, so as to provide women an aspirational option for their desire to casually-dress. A successful attempt has been the new wave of brands that have revolutionized the basic tee by elevating it with tongue-in-cheek slogans, kitschy graphics or pop art. In doing so, these designers have given our jeans and tee look a cool-girl edge and sophisticated attitude - one that is very of the moment.   Fiorucci In 1965, Elio Fiorucci’s visit to London during one of it’s biggest youth movements inspired him to create his eclectic brand of graphic casual wear that took fashion by storm. Putting the uniform of jeans and tee’s on the map in Europe (while the combination was already an American classic) is among one of the legacies he left. And now, in 2017 Cult-Italian brand, Fiorucci is back! With a new store in the heart of Soho, London. A line that was inspired by an energized, rebellious, provocative youth - what a better time for Fiorucci’s return than right here and now in 2017?   Etre Cecile Inspired by french style and attitude, Etre Cécile’s line of luxury tees focuses on injecting humor in light-hearted, relevant ways that speaks to a generation of smart, fashion-forward individuals. These chic tees can be easily mixed with high fashion, which was what designers Yasmin Sewell and Kyle Robinson had intended when they dreamed up the brand.   Herculie In 2015, Kyle Robinson (of Etre Cécile and Paper Mache Tiger) founded Herculie, a line of basics inspired by modern day unisex dressing. The tee’s are simple, comfortable but way cooler than the average basic.   Monogram Studio Inspired by their love for vintage tee’s, husband and wife duo Lisa Mayock and Jeff Halmos founded Monogram Studio due to frustration of not being able to find what they were looking for at an affordable price. So, they started their own line of vintage-inspired tee’s modeling the fits from their own personal collections and sourcing inspiration from vintage art, typography and photographs. Better yet, these fun, graphic styles won’t break the bank. All Monogram Studio tee’s are just $65.   Double Trouble Gang A line of super simple embroidered (and customizable) tee-shirts. Why didn’t we think of that? Double Trouble Gang sells pre-made tee’s with classic words like, “lover”, “baby” or cheeky movie lines from Grease, like “tell me about it, stud” - reminiscent of the iconic Pink Ladies jackets. Or, shop from their easy customizable section on the site to create your own mantra.   We first got a taste of photographer Tim Walker's reimagining of the Alice in Wonderland with an all-black cast back in June, but now the photos, commissioned for Pirelli's famous annual calendar, are here. RuPaul takes on the Queen of Hearts; rising superstar Duckie Thot is Alice, Whoopi Goldberg the puffing caterpillar. It's a fantastical shoot that could only be pulled off by Walker.  The calendar also sees P. Diddy, Naomi Campbell, Slick Woods, and Adwoa Aboah. The latter is the latest cover star of the new British Vogue, as chosen by the magazine's recently-appointed Editor in Chief, Edward Enniful, who also styled the Pirelli calendar. His longtime friend Pat McGrath served as the editorial's makeup artist.  Formerly, the Pirelli calendar had a history of portraying a very specific kind of beauty—mainly, barely clothed women—but in recent years has made a tremendous effort to spotlight diversity. 2018 marks another step forward in their commitment.  On the project, Enninful told US Vogue, "To see a black Alice today means children of all races can embrace the idea of diversity from a young age and also acknowledge that beauty comes in all colors.” While the original purpose of the Pirelli calendar, presumably to keep track of days and sell tires, has been lost, it's encouraging to see a company support artists tell and reimagine stories in ways that will surely inspire future generations.  With more than two decades of disrupting fashion under his belt, designer Rick Owens is getting a retrospective including his clothing, furniture, film, and sculpture work. Under the full eye of Owens, and suggestion of Triennale Di Milano fashion curator Eleonora Fiorani, SUBHUMAN, INHUMAN, SUPERHUMAN will examine the connecting themes of the designer's work, and its subsequent influence on others. Other artists included are Alessandro Manzoni, Pierre Molinier, Marcel Duchamp.  The exhibition will certainly bring more attention to Owens's interests outside of fashion. Since 2005, he has been designing furniture collections, which, at times, look better suited for a modernist dungeon than home—concrete, metals, and ivory make up a bulk of the materials. The pieces borrow inspiration from the Brutalist and Minimalist movements.   SUBHUMAN, INHUMAN, SUPERHUMAN will go on display in the museum's signature exhibition space, The Curve, on December 15.   Furniture photos courtesy of 1stDibs.com Proenza Schouler is welcoming a new addition to its family. The New York-based label recently announced the debut of PSWL (Proenza Schouler White Label), an extension of its Ready-to-Wear collection. Launching globally today, the PSWL collection is composed of elevated everyday wardrobe staples–denim, shirts, sweatshirts, and casual outerwear–based on references explored in past Proenza Schouler collections. The kicker? They come at a more accessible (depending on your spending habits) price point, ranging from $360 for printed t-shirts and sweatshirts to $1100 for outerwear. Says Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez: "It has always been a goal of ours to fully develop a well-rounded and balanced collection that mixes the high-end with the everyday in a way that speaks to both many of our personal friends, and to the designer customer we’ve developed over the years...” Actress and long-time friend of the brand, Chloë Sevigny (left) fronts PSWL’s debut campaign in a lookbook lensed by her photographer boyfriend, Ricky Saiz. Shop the collection here.  View the collection below Perhaps the biggest fast-fashion store in the world, Spain's Zara, had a problem over the weekend: yet another accusation of ill-treatment of its workers appeared in the press. Customers in Istanbul found messages inside clothing reading "I made this item that you are about to buy, but I was not paid for it," the papers said. The brand pointed out that the workers were employees of a company called Bravo, which closed overnight Employees were reportedly owed up to three months of salary. A Zara representative issued a response to the press: "Inditex (the owner of the brand) has fulfilled all contractual obligations with Bravo Textil and we are working with a proposal for all local industries—such as Mango and Next—to establish a fund for workers affected by the fraudulent disappearance of the owner of Bravo. This fund should pay for the missing hours, unpaid holidays and payments not made with the unexpected closure of the factory in July 2016. We want to bring a solution to everyone who was impacted " . Director Luca Repola Styling Julian Antetomaso Hair Britt White Makeup Elisa Flowers Casting Spencer Morgan Taylor Models: Barbie Ferreira (Wilhelmina), Alton Mason (State Models), Ebonee Davis (The Lions), Adesuwa (Silent Models NY), Soo Joo Park (Women Management) Videographer Patrick Golan Sound Sandra Kratc Gaffer Sebi Foresi Makeup Asst Erica Ensiminger Casting Asst Felicity Webb Catering Red Hook Catering Studio Pier59 Special Thanks Casey Poore, Brian Lynch New or emerging designers often have difficulty navigating the crossroads between fashion and sustainable practices—not to mention manage the additional financial cost of doing so. To supplement and further stimulate sustainable innovations in the fashion industry, the Council of Fashion Designers of America launched the CFDA and Lexus Initiative, a program that boosts, financially and strategically, the sustainability efforts of five select brands. Last Thursday, the initiative announced the five finalists for 2018: Nicole Heim and Chelsea Healy for Cienne, Marcia Patmos for M. Patmos, Sue Stemp and Paud Roche for St. Roche, Abrima Erwiah and Rosario Dawson for Studio One Eighty Nine, and Whitney Pozgay and Parker Argote for Whit. The brands will participate in a development program complete with workshops and mentorships with experts at the NYU Stern Center for Sustainable Business in addition to a $20,000 award to springboard their sustainability efforts. At the end of the nine-month program participants will present their new business blueprints and one brand will win a grand prize of $75,000. Former finalists of the three-year-old program include Prabal Gurung, K/ller Collection, Zero + Maria Cornejo, Tome, and Brother Vellies. The trick to nailing it? Layers. Slip a turtleneck under your favorite sleeveless dress, and bring your summer shoe or boot into fall with a sheer sock. Top the look with a smart blazer, and throw on some statement earrings that can be seen, even with the inevitable scarf. Cinch it all off with a functional belt bag to keep your hands free for Instagramming (or sticking in your pockets when the cold finally sets in). Check out some of our favorite new fall basics below. Photography Luca Repola Styling Julian Antetomaso Hair Britt White Makeup Elisa Flowers Casting Spencer Morgan Taylor Models: Barbie Ferreira (Wilhelmina), Alton Mason (State Models), Ebonee Davis (The Lions), Adesuwa (Silent Models NY), Soo Joo Park (Women Management) Videographer Patrick Golan Sound Sandra Kratc Gaffer Sebi Foresi Makeup Asst Erica Ensiminger Casting Asst Felicity Webb Catering Red Hook Catering Studio Pier59 Special Thanks Casey Poore, Brian Lynch   More than forty years since the opening of its first store in New York, Bulgari renews its love for the city with the reimagining of its flagship boutique on Fifth Avenue. To celebrate the re-opening, the Roman jewellery house hosted an intimate in-store cocktail reception for 200 esteemed guests last week. The star-studded list of attendees included Bulgari ambassadors Lily Aldridge, Bella Hadid, Jasmine Sanders, Jon Kortajarena, and Laura Harrier, joined by other celebrities such as Mario Testino, Ciara, Demi Lovato, Ruby Rose, Sofia Richie, Ellie Goulding, Misty Copeland, Bryan Grey-Yambao, Camila Coelho, and Josephine Skiver. Following cocktails, guests were whisked away to a dinner at The Met Cloisters, the branch of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, hosted by Bulgari Chief Executive Officer, Jean-Christophe Babin. The evening ended on a high note with two surprise performances by Lil Buck and Demi Lovato.   Featuring a new design concept specially developed by renowned architect Peter Marino, the refreshed Bulgari store draws on the timeless yet contemporary vision of Rome with over 4,000 square feet of pure luxury. To portray the balance between ancient and new, tradition, innovation and eclecticism, Marino's concept comes to life through daring combinations of fine marble, luxury silks, velvets as well as in the décor and furniture. Reigning over the facade of the store is the impressive entrance – a reproduction of the iconic Condotti door of 1930 with a handcrafted replica of the lantern hanging over the entrance of the Roman flagship boutique. Inside, the store layout recalls those of Italian theaters with a star-patterned white Lhasa marble mosaic in the main entrance room and a chic, yet intimate VIP area on the mezzanine floor. This is just in: Phoebe Philo is said to be resigning from her position at Céline, according to a news report by Business of Fashion. Quoting anonymous sources who work for the LVMH Group, which owns the Céline brand, Business of Fashion reports that LVMH Group is now in the process of interviewing designers and is also looking to replace the design team, too. One of the source says, "The interviews have been going on for a few months now."   While the spokesperson for LVMH "deny any imminent departure of Phoebe Philo from Céline", they did not deny that interviews are taking place to find a replacement for the creative director position. This is not the first time where Phoebe was rumored to be leaving the fashion house–the first came in late 2015 and another came in early 2016, which led many to believe that Fall/Winter 2016 was her last collection for Céline. However looking at the rapid changes of the brand right now including the launch of its Instagram account earlier this year, it might not be that surprising that LVMH is looking for a fresher and more digitally-skewed approach for the brand. After all, Céline under the helm of Phoebe Philo has shied away from the digital front for a long time until 2017. Alas, all we can do right now is wait patiently to see if the rumor will turn into reality.   (Photos: Vogue.com; TheGentleWoman.co.uk) Burberry announced on the 31st of October that President and Chief Creative Officer Christopher Bailey will exit the company after 17 years with the brand. He will step down from the board next March and provide "his full support" to Chief Executive Officer Marco Gobbetti and the team until the end of 2018. Bailey first joined Burberry in 2001 as Design Director and was appointed Chief Executive in 2014, following the departure of Angela Ahrendts. He is credited with turning the British heritage brand into the global powerhouse it is today. In a statement released on Burberry.com, Bailey said: "It has been the great privilege of my working life to be at Burberry, working alongside and learning from such an extraordinary group of people over the last 17 years... I am excited to pursue new creative projects but remain fully committed to the future success of this magnificent brand and to ensuring a smooth transition." Com uma das inspirações sendo a cultura automobilística, nada mais natural do que a campanha de Resort 2018 da Miu Miu ser fotografada em uma pista de carros. Além disso, uma das estrelas do shooting é a atriz Elle Fanning. Entre os carros da pista do Autódromo de Linas-Montlhéry, na França, Elle ganha a companhia de modelos renomadas e queridinhas da marca como Anna Ewers, Doutzen Kroes e Joan Smalls, que exibem as peças com mood esportivo, mas sofisticado, fotografadas por Alasdair Mclellan. Os tradicionais macacões dos pilotos ganham versões com apliques de strass e patches e os sapatos são cheios de pedrarias e brilhos. Entre os acessórios, bolsas e pochetes de matelassê, joias com referências do universo dos carros e uma nova linha de eyewear inspirada nos óculos de corrida. Veja, abaixo, as imagens da campanha: The exclusive collection designed by Erdem Moralioglu is now in stores, and sees a copious amount of floral prints, airy fabrics, and unisex designs. Here area few of our favorite pieces:  Victoire de Castellane is the kind of jeweller modern-day jewellers aspire to be. For starters, she’s got serious artistic cred: In 1998, after spending 14 years at Chanel dreaming up costume baubles alongside Karl Lagerfeld, the design extraordinaire was handpicked by LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault for the top job of Creative Director at Dior Joaillerie. She looks the part, too. De Castellane’s style is quintessentially Parisian, but in far more memorable and quirky manner (it’s true, Google her). “I’m not trying to be in fashion.” she says. “This is my personality. I dress for the moment – almost like Halloween. I’m not superficial but I love to look superficial.” Outstanding resume and style points aside, what really garnered de Castellane her stellar repute are her highly imaginative stunners which defy, effortlessly, traditional beauty in jewellery. The designer’s larger-than-life creations have been inspired by the most peculiar things, from carnivorous plants to psychotropic drugs and, most recently, the décor of every single salon and garden in the Château de Versailles; shown at top art galleries such as the Gagosian in Paris, London and New York; and worn by A-listers such as Rihanna and Natalie Portman on the red carpet. A handful of Dior’s clients also regularly meet with de Castellane to co-design unique pieces. “All special orders are unconventional. That’s why they are special,” she adds. So what goes on in the mind of a jeweller as outré as de Castellane’s? Here, we find out. Which matters more: The narrative or the design? The narrative and the design are linked. The latter begins with a story. Since arriving at Dior, I have developed the existing themes of the house such as Christian Dior’s garden in Milly-la-Forêt; large eccentric-looking balls; and, of course, couture. However, the themes of my collections are only a starting point and I mix those with my own inspirations. I perpetuate the dialogue with Monsieur Dior.   You’ve channelled clashing colours in your designs, masqueraded high jewellery as costume jewellery and even used blackened silver in your most extravagant creations for Dior. Where do all those ideas come from? I pull a lot of inspiration from my environment, society, human relations, art, exhibitions, movies, photography, nature, the female universe, love, sexuality, psychoanalysis and life itself. Everything inspires me. I put all those inspirations in my “mental shaker” and that is how a new collection starts. Each collection leads to another and I adore the idea of going not only further, but where I least expect. I hate being bored. I find that being bored makes me unhappy, so I always need to create things that entertain myself. How do you choose your gems? I work with stone merchants and a very professional team at Dior who respect and know very well my requirements in terms of quality. I choose the stones according to my desires and needs of colours and shapes. To refine their beauty, the centre stones are systematically reformed and the facets are reworked and polished. Do you see beauty in semi-precious hard stones? 
At Dior, there is no difference anymore between precious and semi-precious stones. I would rather call them less conventional stones. I particularly like the colours of the Paraiba tourmaline, the spessartite garnet, the tsavorite garnet and the demantoid garnet. I recently also used pink opal, turquoise, malachite and onyx for the Rose des Vents range.   Read the full interview in the September 2017 issue of L'Officiel Singapore (available on Magzter). 