 The premier fashion event of Asia, Centrestage was organised by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC) from 4 to 7 September’19. The four-day extravaganza witnessed participation of 240 brands from 23 countries and regions around the world. The event attracted close to 7,000 buyers from 74 countries and regions. Those from Europe and Latin America recorded growth, reinforcing the show as an international promotional and launching platform for fashion brands. More than 20 fashion shows were organised during the show’s four-day run. The central theme of “Future Tribes” stressed upon the fact that designers’ efforts can make a fearless future by creating new identities through the use of culture, images and aesthetics. To throw some light on the ethos of the event, Benjamin Chau, Deputy Executive Director at HKTDC, shares, “As a premium fashion event in Asia, Centrestage attracts many brands and buyers. It serves as a platform for industry players to exchange information and designers and brands to promote their products. A number of fashion shows were held during the fair period. Local designers and international brands showcased an incredible creative force, further raising Hong Kong’s status as Asia’s fashion hub.” Highlights Day 1: The first day showcased a number of fashion presentations − including Fashionally Collection #14, the Fashion Hong Kong Runway Show, and three Fashionally Presentations were held to bring the spotlight on the latest collections of Hong Kong design labels, attracting the attendance of fashionistas, models and celebrities from around the globe. The curtain-opening Fashionnally Collection #14 fashion show spotlighted emerging local talents and their brands, including Necro Poon, Lapeewee, Kevin Ho, Fromclothingof, DEMO, to name a few. The highlight was the exclusive Centrestage Elites show that brought together renowned New York-based designer, Joseph Altuzarra and Hong Kong-based designer Anais Mak under the same roof for a spectacular event. The designers launched their Pre-Spring’20 Collections from their respective brands, Altuzarra and Anaïs Jourden. The gala drew an attendance of more than 1,000 industry insiders, celebrities and fashionistas including Priscilla Wong, Sharon Chan, Bowie Cheung, Jennifer Yu, Judy Kwong, Ashley Lam, Dickson Yu, Karl Ting and Veronica Shiu. Centrestage Elites was followed by Fashion Hong Kong Runway Show, featuring the latest collections of Hong Kong designer labels that have participated in international fashion weeks, such as New York, London, Copenhagen and Tokyo. These local brands included 112 Mountainyam, Doriskath, From Another Planets, Harrison Wong, to name a few. This show is part of HKTDC’s Fashion Hong Kong campaign, which aims to promote Hong Kong fashion designers and labels in the global fashion arena.
	  Day 2: The second day kicked off with trend talk in Meet the Visionaries Series on “When East Meets West” where the young creative forces of fashion reinventing the international runway, Joseph and Anais talked about their journey, latest trends and inspiration in an interactive session. There were fashion shows by brands and designers. The event of the evening was the grand finale of The Redress Design Award 2019. With the focus on sustainable fashion, team Redress shortlisted 10 finalists across the globe who showcased their designs. Designer Maddie Wiliams from the UK won the contest with eclectic designs made out of up-cycled and dead stock fabric. While other designers including Abby Gaskin from Canada, Julia English from Australia, Moriah Adrila and Natalie Tzur from Israel, Chan Meiyan and Keith Chan from Hong Kong, Carina Roca Portella from Spain, Damini Mittal from India and Anna Schubert of Germany roped in innovative techniques like up-cycling uniforms of flight attendants, saris, stained dead fabric, and more to create fashion that cares.
	  Day 3: Fashion shows, trend talks on topics including, crossover fashion trend re-shaping brand value, how data influences design, and more, were the top draws of the third day. The 9th Hong Kong Young Knitwear Designers’ Contest deserves special mention as it was a spectacular platform for young talents to showcase their designs and get recognised.   Day 4: On the fourth and the final day, Centrestage opened its doors to the public. Attendees had free access to a series of interactive events including, a makeup demonstration by NARS, an interactive session on fashion by television personality and fashion icon Rikko Lee, and designers from local brands Methodology and Meiking NG, and more. Visitors also had the chance to check out the latest designs from leading local and overseas brands, with retail sales offered by selected brands.  The highlight of the final day was the Hong Kong Young Fashion Designers’ Contest 2019 (YDC) where three promising local designers were awarded out of a pool of 16. Winner Wilson Yip received a monetary reward together with a one-month internship working in the studio of respected Japanese fashion designer Mihara Yasuhiro, sponsored by Sun Hing Knitting Factory Limited.  An army brat with a definitively personal style, and a noteworthy eye for detail, designer Urvashi Kaur has become the talk of the town. With an oh-so-cool demenour and a vibe that charms many, she surely is a hit in the world of fashion. The designer proves of her designs to be easy and breezy, whilst beholding the old world - meets modern aesthetic. It’s hard to pin down the aesthetic of her brand, and that’s exactly how its founder-designer intends it to be. An avid traveler, Urvashi is one of the few designers who effortlessly translates her personal style on the runway through her creations. Words like relatable, comfortable, and interesting sum up Urvashi’s work. Here are some edited excerpts from the interview. The journey of fashion designing is always a noteworthy one. How did it all begin for you?  I’ve always been interested in adornment and identity. An army background meant that we were travelling throughout my childhood, which resulted in an interest and fascination for clothing. This translated into a decision to venture into theatre and costume design, which ultimately led to my entry into the world of fashion. Simplicity dwells well in your designs. What inspires your design process?  I’m inspired by a multitude of things. Travel, ethnicity, identity, and heritage are themes that run through all my collections. You seem to use a lot of surface texturing. What kind of techniques and fabrics have you come to work with over the years?  More than surface texturing, it’s the tactile nature of handloom that appeals to me. I’ve explored various textiles with weaves that are developed across the country. The human element in these comes across so beautifully, and is a constant in my work. I then further add hand dyeing techniques such as, Shibori, tie dye or hand block printing to further enhance my silhouettes. Hand work in the form of kantha stitch details are also seen in most of my pieces, thereby creating subtle texture and interest. A minimalist approach is seen in your design creations, but do you think that a nation drenched in maximalist tradition is ready for such a change? Minimalism actually resonates very well with our country.  Over the years my buyers have gravitated towards an aesthetic that’s clean and lets the wearer stand out, as opposed to an over the top offering where the individual is completely overshadowed. How do you think your designs have helped in showing the world the rich Indian aesthetics?  My aesthetic profiles feature the rich Indian textile heritage in a modern contemporary manner that people across the world can imbibe in, to varying degrees. It isn’t about simply re-creating what Indians are known for, but reinterpreting our skills for a newer, more conscious audience. The Indian drape has gone experimental by leaps and bounds. Is experimentation a required tool for being consistent in the fashion industry?  Reinvention and adaptation are important in any industry. In fashion there is quick fatigue regarding what brands are offering, so it’s imperative to constantly innovate.Especially now that we are looking at ecological impact. My label is seeking to not just experiment with drapes or cuts, but look deeper at our contribution to the world as a whole, and what we leave behind for generations to come. Your designs give a contemporary touch to traditional wear. Is modernism the secret to your label’s success?  A new take on modern Indian dressing has been our vision for the brand. It’s been heartening to see the response of the market to this interpretation of blurring the lines between what is considered traditional versus prêt-a-porter.  The bridal season is round the corner. What are the trends you are betting big on this year? I’m looking at brides that are breaking the mould and having fun with their wedding attire. It’s great to see alternatives to the typical red and gold outfits. Urvashi Kaur festive consists of such options, with beautiful artisanal techniques and rich textiles that convey a subtle,  yet self assured luxury. How would you define a muse draped in an Urvashi Kaur ensemble? What does her spirit look like? The Urvashi Kaur woman or man is confident, compassionate, free-spirited, forward thinking; and is a believer in equality and diversity. What does it take to stay relevant in fashion? Adaptation, reinvention and an awareness of the world around us. Fashion, like art, is ultimately an expression of the times that we live in. What is your take on social media? How do you think that its emergence has helped you in promoting your label? Social media is a tool that can help harness an enormous visibility. It takes constant focus, and we’re always looking at ways and means of engaging with our audience in newer and more exciting ways. Can you give us a hint about your upcoming collections? I’m so excited for my latest collection, Masira, which we showcased at Lakmé Fashion Week. It’s going to be hitting stores soon, and it’s the first time that I’ve played with a clash of patterns and colours; so that is something new to look forward to. Humble, down to earth, and most importantly, human; are some of the words that best describe designer Bibhu Mohapatra. His designs are relaxed yet structured, feminine yet edgy. Bibhu moved to America in 1996, and after graduating from Utah State University with a Masters Degree in Economics, he moved to New York City in 1999, where he got enrolled at the Fashion Institute of Technology. The Big Apple gave the designer wings to fly, yet he held his ground, with a confident demeanor and big dreams in his eyes. Following the inception of his eponymous label, came much deserved fame. To date, celebrities such as Hilary Swank, Gwyneth Paltrow, Glenn Close, Jennifer Lopez, Ciara, Rita Ora and Lupita Nyong’o, have all worn Bibhu’s designs; and recently he has had the honour of dressing the former First Lady of USA, Michelle Obama upon her arrival in India in 2015. He surely is the designer behind the definitive style that Michele glorifies. Going over the success of his most recent and successful runway show, Bibhu tells us what all went into creating such fine silhouettes for his Spring 2020 collection, showcased at New York Fashion Week 2019. It was Bibhu’s most confident and relaxed collection. We are happy to see that even decades later, he has celebrated a similar undaunted womanhood in his designs, that has been present since its inception. Here are some edited excerpts of the interview.
	  How has growing up in Odisha influenced your vision of fashion? I had a very happy childhood. My parents always encouraged me to read and explore. I was surrounded by incredible art and craft from my beloved state of Odisha. Although I had no idea about fashion as a business, I really adored my mother’s elegant style and her fashion sense. For me that was the only fashion that was relevant. Setting up your own fashion label must have been hard, especially after resigning from J.Mendel. What was the deciding factor that made you make the switch? In many ways I feel I am like my father, and I follow the trajectory of his career. After working for 25 years as an engineer at a steel plant, my father decided to start his own business. He worked really hard to build a business of his own and turned it into a relevant one. Like him, I too had a dream of building something of my own, so after a 9 year tenure as the Design Director at J. Mendel, I decided to start my namesake brand. When you begin designing a new collection, what is the process? Do you start with an overview of what you want the collection to be, or a mood board with the elements you want to include? I usually start with a muse, or the story of a muse to set the mood of the collection. Based on that I create an inspiration board, after which the sketching process begins. After many rounds of warm up sketches, I deliver about 500 to 600 sketches. Then comes the colour story and fabric selection, as well as embroidery development.  Is there something specific about Indian techniques that you want to bring to the global fashion market? Yes, primarily the beautiful ikat textiles  from Odisha, and obscure ancient techniques of embroidery. Do you think you were able to make it big globally because you stayed back in New York? Would it be a lot more difficult for a designer based in India to reach that level? I am not sure of this. But I think by the time when I reached New York and started my career, New York was already the fashion capital of the world. It gave me a platform where I learnt all the tricks of the trade before I started my brand. I do believe I still have a lot of things to achieve, and an Indian presence is a big part of it. The Woolmark Prize offers a great deal of exposure. What was one of the main things you learnt throughout the process? As a finalist, it allowed me to experiment with yarns and fibres; and express their craft with modern and traditional techniques.
	  Fashion is one of the most competitive and demanding industries. How do you manage the creative and commercial side of your label? I always say, ‘A successful fashion business is all about the delicate balance of creativity and commerce.’ This is a mantra that every young and aspiring fashion designer should believe in, with all his heart. Fashion is defined as an evolutionary process. Is there an evolution from your perspective? I think fashion has always been evolving, but the real driving force behind it is the consumer, and their changing habits. You have dressed some of the most influential women in the world. Any favourites?  This a hard one, but I would say Michelle Obama. An Indian bride often remains traditional, but also wants the contemporary silhouette to be part of her wardrobe. How would you incorporate the best of both world’s for her in an ensemble? Colour and cut along with the juxtaposition of opposite elements, i.e. organic vs. geometric, tailored vs. draped, and modern vs. traditional, are some of the ideas that can speak to the modern Indian bride.
	  If you could design a wedding dress for anyone (from history, or a current figure), whom would you choose, and how would you dress them? Alia Bhatt. I think she is one of the most promising artists of our times, and she has a unique sense of style.  I would love to see her in a tailored wedding dress that is cinched at the waist, and to the floor. Ethereal yet commanding. Do you think that Indians have finally evolved in their fashion sensibilities,  or do they still have a long way to go? Also, what do you think about the new generation of designers that have arisen in India? My people have always had a great sense of style, but what has changed is their access to international fashion and brands. The young generation of designers have shown a lot of promise, and I strongly feel that brands like Kanika Goyal will define the future of Indian fashion. What are the future goals, and projects that you are currently working on? The goal is to build a brand that represents a lifestyle which is tailored for the global audience. I am currently working on the second round of my IKAT Revival Project in Odisha. I am really looking forward to sharing the products with the world. When Joey Tribbiani said, “It is odd how a woman’s purse looks so good on me, a man,” on popular television show, Friends, years ago, none of us might have thought that men’s bags would be the next big thing to take over the fashion space. Designer Anvita Sharma says, “Men have become more fashion-conscious, especially in the past two to three years. They are more open to experimenting with unconventional colours, prints and shapes, among others. This has added a fun quirky factor in their wardrobe.” The world of men’s style and fashion is moving at God’s speed. The runway trends mark the turning point for bolder and diversified style options. Men’s accessories are no more confined to neutral-toned backpack stacked across their shoulders. The 21st-century man is breaking the shackles. And, why wouldn’t he? For they are resorting to celebrity wardrobes and runways for fashion related dilemmas. The explosion of ‘murses’ has set a new definition. It’s time to make a good space for the new ‘bags for men’ to enter the threshold and be the style guide. Entering the ‘murse’ world, a simple crossbody muse creates an extra appeal in one’s look. The noticeably narrow streamlines often bestow an edgy appearance. Check any runway edit and it’s clear that these bags are everywhere. Designer Dhruv Vaish says, “Accessories have always been a very important part of men’s dressing. The crossbody satchels can also make a nice statement when worn over a jacket or a blazer. One should also be careful not to over accessorise.” Balmain’s signature crossbody in Fall/Winter’19 gave a shoutout that it is fine for men to be flashy and ‘extra’. A good number of years down the lane, ‘mote’ was born. The men’s tote bag is the latest incarnation in the men’s accessories world. Men’s totes aren’t limited to loose, formless additives. These voguishly large bags emit a dapper and sharp style note, elevating your overall ensemble. These large ‘carry-alls’ raise your style quotient to a higher notch. There’s no limit when it comes to sizes for men’s bags and they all somehow, magically manage to deliver a very polished look. If you are somebody onto the lookout for sporting a ‘not-so-serious’ look, the runway’s recent favourite, saddlebags and fanny packs are the solution to your woes. Anvita shares, “The versatility and utility of fanny packs are such that it can work with a lot of styles ranging from casual to formal looks, a utilitarian  outfit or even head-to-toe denim. It’s just about having the confidence and comfort to carry it off.” These season’s fresh runway resurgent remains the aesthetic and modern makeover of the office briefcases. When it comes to choosing a bag for the regular 9 to 5, the classic briefcases still remain a favourite. However, the upgrade into a more functional, stylish variant, and one that maintains the correct balance between casual and on-duty looks, remains a highlight. The age of the millennials has given a considerable push to the rise of business-casual fashion and thanks to this renewed approach, carrying a briefcase would not be boring. Berluti’s F/W’19 by Kris Van Asche crafted some elegant and powerful looks with these modernised office bags.  Backpacks, being men’s evergreen accessory deserved some modern twists too. Classics never go out of style, they can only be innovated and restyled by methods and designs. At fashion helms of Prada, Off-White, the whole outlook of carrying a backpack was redefined. These large attachments made to be carried as a regular handbag or a tote stated a fact clear that rebooting archetypal styles can aid in creating the right buzz.  Fashion has been moving towards gender neutrality for some time now and the introduction of murses seems to be a stepping stone. Designer Pawan Sachdeva shares, “With the revolution in the fashion industry, nothing is left to gender bias. A lot of efforts are being put in making the current space more gender-neutral, and introduction of murses is one of them.” Anvita further adds, “In this era of blurring the lines of gender and breaking the boundaries, ‘murses’ are inevitable. Men are becoming more fashion-forward and fearless in regards to clothing and accessories, and gender demarcation is an obsolete concept.”  Pawan concludes, “Instead of using basic accessories, today men are experimenting and working on their personal style and looks by adding details and statement accessories to their wardrobe.” Sporting this new trend can be intimidating at first but you cannot ignore the statement it creates that can give a stylish edge to even a lousy outfit. Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'officiel India With an eye for edgy tailoring and carefully curating classy and quirky style, the designs of Siddartha Tytler stand for impeccable and modish menswear in 21st century. He launched his eponymous brand in 2002 and ever since, there has been no looking back. He recalls, “When I was in New York, I went to the store of Versace and I fell in love with the designs, textures and prints. I was completely in awe of it. I knew it back then that I wanted to be a designer”. Changing his path from becoming an architect, he had proved his flair for fashion and noteworthy design aesthetics. Siddartha’s design game speaks an interesting language of offbeat textures, monochrome palette and sharp cuts, all united by the correct penchant for bold choices and dapper styles.“There is a global invasion in the world of fashion. Women have always played with the traditional drape. Now, men have also started experimenting with their styles. They are intrigued by unconventional outfits and are always on the lookout for newer trends. It’s great to see these changes in menswear”, he says. His menswear line can be seen bridging the gap between classic and casual wear with a fusion of quaint and eccentric moods. His Spring/Summer’19 collection entitled as ‘Vertigo’ took inspiration from the 80s with contemporary techniques in a monotone palette. He remarks, “What’s better than the hues of black and white to style prints on prints?” His creations took camouflage a notch higher with embroidered looks and fine thread work. He also played the hardend styling game with stripes and checks and took an impressive risk. The suit-ensembles from his label, in regular ‘black and white’ palette, showcases dapper monochromatic looks. Siddartha adds, “I am inspired by the dark and morbid moods of life. My designs speak a melancholic language dazzled with glamour and bling. It’s a world owned by both the blues and glitters of life.” His AW’19 collection, Shadow projected his love for all things glamorous, and sophisticated with the colour palette predominantly in the hues of black with few shades of grey and midnight blue. The men’s silhouettes with fancy threadwork, embroidery and sequins hinted of an effortless mix of formal wear with drama. Modernising the simple jumpers or bombers with floral works, dragon motifs, gold shimmers and mesh inserts bought out the true aesthetic of the brand ‘deviant yet quintessential’. His collections always run a whole gamut of indo-western looks which means there’s a little something for every fashion lover. Having studied fashion in America, he knows the correct balance of incorporating both eastern and western flavours. “America has laid the foundation for street style way back in 1999, and the recent outburst of this trend in men’s fashion is here to stay.” His ensembles cater to the new and stylish fashion enthusiast hiding within men who aren’t afraid to experiment. He bought a new mode of modernism, combining the classical couture wear and high-spirited streetwear. “It’s always necessary for a brand like ours who have been here for more than 20 years to include young styles. I have loved couture and street style right from an early age. We have constructed a language of luxury by combining the elegant couture with the trends of the streets.” He has bought an avant-garde revolution in the Indian menswear. There are embellished tuxedo jackets, gold applique work in overcoats, joggers with crystalline motifs - a vision of opulence blended with exuberance. But, for a luxury fashion brand it must be difficult to manage both the creative and commercial, we ask. Explains Siddartha, “A designer should focus on creativity. However, creativity should be catered keeping the target audience’s best interests in mind. It boils down to the art of balancing your creative vision and matching pace with economy.” An admirer of creatives by Raf Simmons, Virgil Abloh and Rick Owens, Siddartha’s designs are influenced by their love for minimalism and his passion for glamour. His upcoming couture collection would include elements fantasising his deep romanticism for the dark and alluring world.   Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'officiel India A young design prodigy, in a world where we often lose ourselves; Esteban Cortazar is one such force to be reckoned with. Born to a Columbian artist Valentino Cortazar and former British jazz lounge singer Dominique Vaughan, his childhood drifted between Colombia, New York, and Miami. The time he spent as a teen living with his father above South Beach’s News Café, Gianni Versace’s breakfast spot, proved to be a comprehensive fashion education in itself. For his design inspiration, his home was always filled with captivating muses, a fearless female presence, music and laughter. His grandmother’s wardrobe and his mother’s evocative stage outfits formed the diction of his early fashion vocabulary. But this designer never forgot his roots and aimed to seize every opportunity to display his cultural heritage along the way through his design motifs. For him fashion became a tool of self expression, femininity, modernity and luxury. We speak to him about being the youngest designer to ever showcase his designs at the New York Fashion Week and his uninhibited style. Edited excerpts... Who is the person, that you have in mind while you are designing a collection? I love to think about different people when I design, because I have varied personalities of women and men in my life who inspire me. I love to observe their gestures, movements, and attitude. Ultimately I am inspired by one’s sensuality and free spirit. You spent your early years in Miami, at the time Herb Ritts, Patrick Demarchelier and Gianni Versace were all active there. How did the exposure to these figures shape your creative process as a designer?  I grew up in a very bohemian environment early on in Colombia around artistic parents and nature. I moved to Miami in the early 90s where I grew up as a teenager and discovered fashion through all the amazing models, photographers and artists coming to South Beach to create iconic fashion moments, nightlife and culture. I feel very lucky to have witnessed this as a kid, as they left an indelible impact on me, and they continue to be my inspiration forever. Your father Valentino Cortazar, the artist has had an ecstatic creative influence on you since childhood. Tell us something about that.  My relationship with my mom and dad are very important to me, and have inspired me since I was a child. I grew up around diverse forms of creativity, art, music and freedom of expression. I recently began a collaboration with my father wherein, we are creating prints together for my future collections, which is a project that is extremely close to my heart. From First Lady Melania Trump, Queen Beyonce to The Duchhess of Sussex - Meghan Markle, you have dressed them all. What inspires you while creating such unique designs? These women exuberate elegance and grace; and their ability to adorn designer pieces in such multifarious ways, makes a mark every time. Working with Beyonce and Cate Blanchett was a dream come true for me. Some fashion critics have said, that the Esteban Cortazar woman is an extra-terrestrial creature. Who is she to you? To me she is someone, who is very down to earth, with her own signature style and energy. She isn’t afraid to express herself and change depending upon her mood and what is happening in her life. She is sensual, kind and loves to dance. Your runway show offers a very strong, impacting look, but every piece, when taken individually, is interesting. Is it important for you to reconcile an approach based on the product with a genuine fashion proposition? Yes, I love finding a balance in my design compositions. The show is dream which I express without obstacles, but the runway is the reality which embarks actuality, when the pieces come alive on different people. Who is the artist or designer, historic or contemporary; whose work you admire most? The first designer I ever found out about and started to admire is Gianni Versace and he will always be the biggest master to me. Your collections emphasise your taste for geometry, asymmetry, construction and cropped tops contrasting with long skirts. Is this your signature style? Yes, I love all those elements and mixing them up. I make clothes that dance, but that also stand still. And as a child of the 90s, I love a good cropped top. How would you relate past and present fashion trends? And how would you distinct the two fashion cities - Miami and Paris, in terms of style. Fashion is a circle of trends that come and go, with timing being of key prominence. Its always a feeling that comes and stays around, like the 90s and early 2000s trend is happening right now. Miami and Paris are two totally different worlds in every sense. They would make for an interesting collections, as two worlds would collide to create a design symphony. Social media is playing a major role in the world of fashion. How has it impacted your eponymous label? This definitely holds true. For me, it is the number one communication tool today, as it eases the way in which I interact and connect with my audience in a direct and personal way. As a creative individual looking at the world, what is your current inspiration? I contemplate everything all the time. This summer, I am in Ibiza and Greece. While travelling, I always discover something or meet someone who inspires me. For me, the world is my inspiration. What is next for Esteban Cortázar? Can you share something about your exciting new projects? I am working on several collaborations for next year, both in Europe and Latin America which I am very excited about and will share more about them later. I am also developing several pop-up stores so we can have an even more direct and physical relationship with our costumers.   Known for dramatic yet minimally layered separates in vivid colours and texture play, designer Payal Khandwala, has carved a niche of her own since the launch of her eponymous label in 2012. Being an artist, she approaches fashion distinctively and doesn’t let trends guide her instincts. On the contrary, she considers trends to be relentless, but clever marketing strategy to compel people to buy more clothes. It all started for Payal as a child when she watched her mother sew clothes and put things together to customise her wardrobe. “I was genetically predisposed to being particular in the department of clothing. But, I started working part time at the Garden Vareli Studio when I was 17 and found that I really did enjoy textiles and design. That’s when I decided to study fashion at SNDT to understand the more formal aspects of pattern cutting and sewing,” shares Payal. She gets major inspiration from art that defines a lot of her choices in design, including line, colour, proportion, but everything around her adds up to uplift her creative mind. Her designs are an extension of her freespirited and strong-willed nature. When asked to define the ideal Payal Khandwala woman, Payal explains, “She is a gentle nonconformist, both fierce and feminine in equal measure. And in my head she is a woman that marches to the beat of her own drum, has lots of style, but is not a slave to fashion loves subtle luxury but won’t sacrifice her comfort for it.” When it comes to fashion, the designer couldn’t stress upon enough on ethics and integrity. She says, “We must manufacture responsibly, but also produce less. As consumers, we must buy less, but buy better. This is the only way to be truly sustainable.” She believes that copying someone else’s
	voice, their ethos and then pretending to change a pocket, is lazy and undermines the hard work of the talented few. “I think it is important to believe in your product, and to make it with sincerity. This defines our work. It is further important to me that my team feels like they are part of a family. Business is not just about making a profit, it is also about a core philosophy, one that doesn’t change from one season to the other,” she adds. Coming to her eclectic design process, Payal likes to keep things simple and prefer elegant lines that make free-spirited and chic clothing. In a way, the clothes are an extension of her personality. She says, “I play a lot with colour, because my experience as a painter gives me an advantage with colour theory. I love dramatic lines, but proportions are integral to my design process. I love layered separates because they are versatile and give me room to experiment. And I like subtle shifts of texture and sheen. So I try to keep all of these elements in mind when I design something, but a big part of the process is also intuitive like the draping, the pleating…and of course some of it is also just happy accidents.” Handicrafts play a pivotal role in her designs, as well as fabrics including, mulberry silks, khadi, chanderi, organza, among others hold a special place in her creations. Payal explains, “I love natural fabrics, especially when they are hand woven. And I love silks because saturated colours work so well with the silk yarn. In most cases, I pick the textile based on the silhouette. The weight, the drape and the fall of a garment will often decide the fabric I will go with. However, there are times when I will pick a textile first and work around it. We get most of our textiles handwoven from different parts of the country, including Benaras, Bengal, Bhagalpur and Bangalore.” Payal is of the opinion that the Indian fashion industry is now more open to newer and younger talent. It is further more supportive of local craftsmen, certainly trying to support circular and sustainable fashion, and in a way trying to shift the landscape in a direction that is more experimental. She says, “It is crucial to have a point of view when you design. Not just for the sake of having an opinion, but for the fact that it stems  from a philosophy that you truly believe in, and an alternative that you want to suggest. Amidst cutthroat competition, the only way to stay relevant is to stay honest and to stay ahead. Plus, if you suggest something that is new rather than data driven then you will always be a leader.” The designer is wrapping up her fall winter collection for 2019 and focusing on the brand’s online and international presence. She is all set for the big move - designing a new flagship space in Mumbai. Whenever a conundrum involving accessories knock one’s door, the bag has always been the go-to friend and also, the safest option. With minimalistic designs on the rise and the need for a modest yet chic aesthetic look, we are always on the search trail for a brand that ages gracefully and matches with all of our styles and outfits. Bringing the guides of opulence - comfort, convenience and style, Louis Vuitton probably has the guide to what the dynamic, 21st-century brigade secretly wishes for. Offering a range of luxury handbags that are simple yet contemporary and with no strict ‘shines and blings’, they are your comrades that would almost complement your entire wardrobe. Their Capucines Collection launched back in 2013 has soared into a great height, making the brand reimagine the bags in all possible iterations. The latest capsule collection, called the Artycapucines Collection involves six new contemporary designers to reinvent the iconic collection. Owing to their previous collaborations with renowned artists such as Takashi Murakami, Jeff Koons, it now includes artists – Sam Falls, Urs Fischer, Nicholas Hlobo, Alex Israel, Tschabalala Self and Jonas Wood. Each artist has taken this classic silhouette and created a bag that is distinct to their artistic vision. Floral Fantasy The Crimson-hued Capucines by Sam Falls features weaving touch. The brightly coloured floral accompanied bags also manifest a high-definition printing and hand embroidery.  Designed in a jacquard weave, this classic bag stages a natural affair of elegance and opulence, accompanied by the iconic LV signature and handle rings. White Grandeur Laden in perfect white, a teasing twist of additions that involves fruits and vegetables can easily catch your glance. Urs Fischer has added some funny yet eloquent charms to the bag, that could be held responsible change to moods and moments with, of course, the gold ‘LV’ icon on the front.  Patchy Blues Taking the blank canvas and infusing it with the innovation of today's art scene, the patchwork involving blue petals by Nicholas Hlobo works as a standout against the smooth dark background, creating a contrasting look and a noteworthy work of hybrid art. Colour Crush If spilling of too many vivid colours on a bag seems like a wrong affair, Alex Israel’s numerously hued design have the ability to swoon and charm the audience. A reflection of a more pop art register, the lustrous waves emerging from the bag can grab all the attention. Delicate Details American artist Tschabalala Self painted an ocean blue affair with meticulous and intricate design language executed on the Capucines bag. She also deconstructed the Louis Vuitton Monogram, crafting it back together in a patchwork to create a compelling dialogue.  B&W Drama Jonas Wood created a plant-like embroidered running in vintage tones of black and white with a sudden splash of rose-pink hue on the LV monogram. Inspired by his paintings, he created a dominant motif running all throughout the leather to create a rich, tactile texture. Standing tall in the long sea of handbag brands, Louis Vuitton knows how to unveil its hidden corals that make this brand an exquisite epitome of luxury and minimalism. Being at the pinnacle for promoting longevity in fashion as opposed to succumbing to trend-based low-quality bags that barely last a season, these versatile capsule collections are on a rampage to be labelled as an evergreen.  Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'officiel India It all started 33 years ago when fashion designer Anjul Bhandari got married into a family of exporters and shifted to Lucknow. Little did she know, that soon she would be known as the master of creating heirlooms that would be passed down generations. A stalwart in her own right, her new experiments with mixing together different regionalembroideries have created a unique new aesthetic. Her creations are everything that define timeless and ageless elegance. “My mother in-law was a very prominent social worker who used to work with female artisans and hold camps for them. And that was the first time when I had the touch feel of the beautiful craft of chikankari. I noticed young girls putting in so much of handwork into their fabric and creating masterpieces, that I had my heart set on it,” shares Anjul. A celebrity favourite, her label is about chikankari and kamdani, the two of the oldest arts that our country has. And when it comes to embroidery done by hand, it gives her a blank canvas to express herself. She feels that fashion trends may come and go but, traditional crafts never shy away from shining out time and again. Her creations are synonymous with the royal touch in fashion designing. She takes us through her inspirational board that creates such regal finesse. “My creations are always very traditional and synonymous to our beautiful women. One who speaks her mind, and carries her ensemble with grace. I keep in mind the oldest craft, block prints and the master craftsman while designing a piece. I want it to be focused on longevity, so much so that, even when a man takes a kurta out of his cupboard 20 years down the line, he doesn’t feel as if it’s lost its charm,” said Anjul. By reviving old techniques of chikan and kamdani, she is bringing back the lost craft of the nation. She tells us that even if she tries to make it more contemporary, then her kaka’s and her prints speak for themselves and stay true to their heritage. When it comes down to fabrics, her choices with modern chevron enhances ones look and the number of stitches that she works with, remain traditional. In chikankari, the number of stitches and tankas matter, and she always motivates her craftswomen to work as hard as they can, at employing these techniques. One of the most prominent features of the Lucknawi chikankari work are the stitches. Each and every stitch is done to perfection and the neatness in the work is hard to find. And she aces that quality each time, how does she do it is what we ask her. We tend to use extra thread to make it taar. And I only do my work in ek taar, wherein a single wire is threaded through the stone and worked delicately through the garment. Since the work is so intricate, it is done exclusively by hand. The specialty of the embroidery lies in its fiber, the threadwork is on display on the garment, unlike other stitching techniques where the thread is hidden. We also design an ek taar sari which takes one year to complete and is a rare find; but we are trying to revive this lost art,” said Anjul. She further goes on to say, “Once we ace a design we look forward to designing it with 16 stitches or more than 20 stitches. Our quality keeps on getting better each time, as we work with very talented craftswomen. In a nation where handicraft plays a major role in defining one’s design language. Anjul’s label seeks to mark a pivotal role in this sector by contributing widely. For her, chikankari is a pure handicraft, and she looks at it at the grassroot level. When she distributes work amongst her craftswomen, she inculcates a feeling of responsibility in them. She uplifts and allows them to provide a better future for their family. When it comes to kamdani, she works with craftsmen who are 70+ years of age, and have followed their courses of life, while keeping the craft alive. With millennial’s opting for the ‘less is more quotient’, we ask her how does she think that chikankari is making its way back into bridal couture. “The concept of ‘less is more’ is definitely making heads turn today and when it comes down to the modern bride, she is someone who knows what she wants. Earlier, when it came to our mothers or grandmothers, they were always draped in the traditional hues, which used to be picked out by their mother in-law. But, a millennial bride knows how she wants to look on her special day, and we don’t want to create something that she would never wear out of her cupboard ever because it’s a one time wear ensemble,” shares Anjul The designer further adds, “The bride knows that if she likes a particular heavily embroidered dupatta then she would match it up with a plain anarkali or salwar suit, and she wants the full usability of the garment. Furthermore, we take the sustainability route of transforming an anarkali and turning into a sari when the bride gets her use out of it, it’s truly her garment but in a new avatar.” The next step on this maestros journey is her new collection of the finest chikankari with Japanese pearls used in with the synchronisation of pastel colours. With intricate Persian jalidaar jals and 13 to 15 styles of stitches in doo taar embroidery draped in flowy delicate silhouette’s. Warm, generous and talkative are the qualities that rain down de facto when talking about the emperor of fashion. Reality sometimes confirms them. And we thank him. Michael Kors stepped in his new shop in London in a crossed black suit, loafers with buckles and aviator glasses. Isabelle Huppert and Naomie Harris also came to celebrate the opening of 9 Old Bond Street on May 9. Arrived from New York the same morning, the designer first took a halt by the Central Saint Martins to share his experience with some five hundred students. Those for whom fashion is still a game, an experimentmof taste, good or bad. “Fashion people must not lose their child’s soul. I often think of those who have an obligation to do something they do not like every day. When I work, I realise how lucky I am,” told the creator to the students to motivate them. The new flagship is dedicated to deploy around the world. The concept is thus based on an idea dear to Michael Kors, Daily Luxury. He believes, “When people spend a certain amount of money, for a luxury product, they do not want to feel oppressed in their shopping experience. Luxury is much more relaxed today than it was in the past. Fashion is not just about evening dresses like in The Devil Wears Prada. People like the casual: that’s the reality.” He is often seen to choose garment as his spearhead. Ask him all the questions of the world, political or not, Michael Kors always answers by fashion: for instance, why did he chose Great Britain for the launch of his new shop in Europe? He says, “At a time when fashion is used for many other things, the Americans guarantee a secular approach, ultimately linked to haute couture, which motivates to dream and to spread joy.” When he arrived in New York, back in the 1970s, unknown and ambitious, Michael Kors quickly chose the camp of pleasure seekers. “At the time, the city was in crisis, dangerous or even frightening. In response, creators had reached peaks of optimism. By giving confidence and feeling that they were fighting a kind of battle under the banner of glamour, they were forging a way out,” explains the American fashion designer. When asked about his idea of vacation and relaxation, he says, “In regular days, I make sure that my mind is free and I have time for myself… I think everyone should do that, from time to time, cut off from their phone. When we go back to our country house, with my husband, this is the first thing we do.” The young Englishman, born in Bradford, Yorkshire, who studied at the famous Central Saint Martins in London (class of 2011) like any good British designer who respects himself, has an impressive resume at 33. Starting his career with House Margiela, followed with Balenciaga, Nicolas Ghesquière and, finally, Phoebe Philo at Céline (from 2012 to 2018), Daniel Lee has explored his creative vision. And then, of course the high-end Italian luxury house happened. With him coming on board, Bottega Veneta has not only changed designer but also identity. For his first collection, the pre fall 2019, he made his mark with minimal silhouettes, trapeze cuts, knitted jackets, silk blouses, strict blazers and braided leather trenches. All of them being available in a plethora of colours including black, beige, camel, electrified turquoise, orange, fluorescent yellow and more. The show had both men and women walk the ramp together. On this occasion, Daniel highlighted leather and its weaving, which is the DNA of the brand. He revisited the technique in the oversize format. A beautiful introduction of his own vision to the age-long heritage of the mark.  Among the influences in Daniel’s life, there is Italy - its culture, sense of family and the importance of cinema. But, also a certain idea of sensuality and a vision of democratic beauty. With him, Bottega promotes its idea of a strong woman ready to conquer the world, dressed in a combination of leather, straight trench, trapeze skirt and tilted neckline. He presents them all accessorised, “The Sponge Pouch” which is the iconic oversized clutch from the house, and the biker boots being the centre of attention. When the creative brilliance refers to a few personalities for inspiration, he looks upto Monica Vitti, PJ Harvey, Stefano Pilati or Gianni Agnelli, and many other artists such as Irving Penn, Helmut Newton, Rachel Whiteread and, more specifically, Ellsworth Kelly. The fashion circuit does not fail to surprise us with design whizz kids who want to make an indelible impact in the industry with their motifs, techniques and creative visualisation. The impressionism of Paris pushed her creativity to greater heights, but for designer Yadvi Agarwal of Yavi, this is just the beginning. From being a debutant at the Lakme Fashion Week 2018 to dressing up British fashion critic Suzy Menkes, she champions the slow process and wants to enhance her design sensibilities along with the urge to embrace green fashion, one step at a time. We speak to the high spirited designer who is one artist, the fashion world should look out for. Edited excerpts... How did the journey of fashion designing begin for you? Since an early age all things creative have had a special place in my heart. Growing up around textiles and making decisions of decor, curtains and fabrics for my clothes at an early age kept me pleasantly engaged in all things textile. As I dwelled further into the realm of design I realised it was indeed my true calling. I have worked with labels like Péro, where I developed their beadwork language and Eka, that gave me hands on experience with the design process and an insight into the fashion industry. However all my creative needs were still not satisfied and the urge to having my own label kept coaxing me to take a step. That was the beginning of Yavi. In 2016, I made a small collection of textile jewellery and hand painted jackets that were exhibited in top fairs in Paris. This caught the eye of the discerning, and I saw myself retailing out of prestigious museums such as the Victoria and Albert Museum London, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and boutique stores across France Your creations are synonymous with the indigenous touch in fashion designing. Take us through your inspirational board that creates such contemporary finesse. The persona of Paris has ever so slightly left an impression on my subconscious that I find myself finding a way back to using textiles as my medium. It was in 2010, when I visited Paris and explored the city; little did I know that my experience would lay the foundation for my fashion label. After returning back, I found myself looking for a way to create the persona on a block printer’s table. This led to the birth of the first Yavi hand painted jacket and the line of impressionist prints that followed. Simplicity is elegance and this motto bodes well with your designs. What inspires your design process? There is a lot of maximalism in my prints that I ease out with simple easy flowing silhouettes. I think that’s where the simplicity in Yavi’s clothes come along. Other than the pieces with heavy one thread embroidery, Yavi embroidered ensembles are simple and elegant with just one or very few strokes of embellishment. I believe the negative space is equally important in making a good design as the positive space is where the design element sits. Impressionism, sustainability and the indigenous crafts are what inspires the design process at Yavi. Handicraft plays a major role in defining your design language. How is your label contributing towards the handicraft industry of the country? I work with craftsmen from all over the country, be it from Bijnor to Chanderi to Kullu to Phulia to Andhra. Every season I decide on a set of crafts that are yet to be explored. We begin with moodboards; it’s interpretation and the crafts to achieve the visual quality and mood.  I feel we are blessed to have been born in this rich country, where each state has its own set of textiles. And it is our duty to bring this to the forefront of fashion with pride. While I say, that we work with craftsmen across the country, it is also true that my brand’s aesthetic is far from traditional. We evolve the crafts to suit our contemporary aesthetic keeping the basics of the indigenous textile intact. That’s how I intend to bring innovation iN design. Your label is an aesthetic merger of innovative fabric construction, traditional woven textiles, impressionism and sustainability every season. It is a label where art meets fashion. How are you creating a niche for yourself? The above four keywords pretty much define us in a nutshell, but all this has come from a subconscious level. Living sustainably has been a part of my upbringing so I never imagined a world without such practices. Our rich heritage of traditional textiles was something we all knew about because of craft melas and places like dilli haat where craftsmen would congregate from the various states and bring forth their offerings. Impressionism was a subconscious take away from a trip to Paris in 2010. Creative thinking and being exposed to technology and dialogues of the same inspires innovation. So it’s almost like we are connecting the dots backward. The concept of wellness in India has changed drastically in the last five years. Rise in global awareness, influence of Internet and social media have paved the way for holistic ideologies. The shift in the approach is in full view. Present day lifestyle is hugely impacted as work life balance seems to be a far cry. Eating disorders, skin and hair concerns, muscle fatigue are some of the classic examples of lifestyle disorders. There are times when you want to shut yourself off from the mundane and indulge in a tranquil escapade. A relaxing day in the spa promises all that along with a complete rejuvenation of the mind, body and soul. In India, spa properties and wellness retreats are upping the ante with the right mix of luxury and top notch services to cater to customised needs. From décor grandeur, carefully curated menu to experienced and professional staff, best in class products and innovative technology; they are leaving no stone unturned in their offerings. It goes without saying that the Indian spas are well adept in trends and are at par with their global counterparts. Amidst options galore, we pick our favourites who are pioneering the wellness category. ESPA AT THE LEELA PALACE, UDAIPUR In the heart of the historic city of Udaipur, overlooking the idyllic lake Pichola presides The Leela Palace; a window to the ancient and modern world, splendour and beauty decadence. Enjoy the majestic architecture, opulent and lavish hospitality and experience the essence of ESPA at The Leela Palace, Udaipur. Traditional Rajasthan style domeds are nestled in a series of courtyards and adorned with delicate mirrors and swathes of linen and silk in accent of hot pink, luscious green and powder blue. The spa tents also offer stunning private and semi-private plunge pools which turn this into the dream spa. It has created a personal spa experience encompassing outstanding treatments that uniquely reflect a fusion of the latest scientific advances with ayurvedic and Europeanntherapies. Together with the award winning ESPA range, the exceptionally natural, high quality skin care products, anti-stress oils, revitalising seaweeds and cleansing mud’s, all achieve outstanding results to restore balance and equilibrium to mind and body. The spa uses only the purest extracts. In-house biochemists distil active ingredients into products that keep their promises of lasting results DHARANA AT SHILLIM This ecological retreat spreads across 350 acres (approximately) and was built by re-vegetation of the slopes, cutting thousands of meters of contour trenches to recharge groundwater and cultivate new grasslands, shrub land, and forest. Keeping the basic ethos of the retreat, the spa of the retreat resides in the Dharana Life Science Center. The wellness center includes facilities from spa rooms (single and twin), therapy rooms, spa pool, infrared radiation room which all covers around 50 to 60 acres of the wellness center. Shares Siddharth Yadav, Vice President, MRS Group of Hotels, “Our programs are centered around wellness right from the spa pool villas to dedicated healing spaces, therapy rooms, a dedicated specialty restaurant serving wellness cuisine.” The spa offers a 360 degree experience of wellness amidst the nature and the programs range from three to 28 days. Some of the most popular Dharana Wellness Detox Programs include Elixir of Dharana Life – it sets you on a new journey of discovery to reconnect with oneself and create mindfulness in everything you do. Art of Detox–this unconventional detoxification process helps to expel oxidants that suffocate your whole. Next, Sustainable Weight Management–the key to their sustainable weight management program is contrasting to the extreme adaptations, restrictions or aggressive changes to your lifestyle by combining conventional analysis with Ayurveda Shodhana procedures to eliminate Ama (toxins), correct your metabolism, among others. CLINIC – THE SPA AT NARENDRA BHAWAN, BIKANER The Spa at Narendra Bhawan Bikaner is an entirely novel concept. The therapies harness the healing powers of nature augmented with cutting edge technology to open a way to greater well-being. The clean sharp décor at the spa is inspired by the great sanitariums of Europe, intended to promote serenity and a sense of calm. Clinic – The Spa acts as a safe haven affording the guests’ absolute privacy and comfort. It is a wonderful blend of various Western techniques focusing on holistic wellbeing and not just physical. The spa offers reputed brands such as, Phytomer for facials, Dr. Bach’s Flower Remedies, and the three most precious essential oils ever hemp, primrose, baobab. In combination with state-of-the-art Bemer technology or Physical Vascular Therapy, the treatments available at Clinic – The Spa improve microcirculation enabling the body’s own self-healing powers to promote an inner and an outer radiance. Bemer therapy focuses on the core systems necessary for well-being. Bemer is designed to improve circulation thereby supporting the body’s natural self-regulating processes. The spa also offers Physical Regeneration therapy – in this massage warm freshly infused sandalwood Oil is combined with heated sandalwood wands. The wands help the therapist reach the deepest layers of muscle and tissue down to the fascia, while the hydrating and soothing properties of sandalwood nourish the skin. Emotional Regeneration Therapy is a very slow and deep body work modality. In this therapy the pressure is intense, as the therapists will try and reach the very deepest layers of the fascia. Post massage, the effects are typically of lightness and feeling of freedom. "It was the Palais-Royal or nothing,” says Manolo Blahnik. The Spanish shoe designer has this definitive way of asserting things, as he plans to inaugurate his first Parisian boutique next autumn in the gardens of the Palais-Royal. “I waited a long time, because I wanted it to be located exactly here, under the arcades of this beautiful garden. It is a place that is very dear to me, it represents for me the intrinsic beauty of Paris. I discovered it in  1961, the first time I came to Paris,” explains the Spanish designer from his vivid memory. “My memory of Paris is related to the people I met. When I first came to Paris, they were magical and carefree years. I lived on Bonaparte street, close to Saint-Germaindes- Prés. I remember sitting on the terrace of Café de Flore with my friend Shirley Goldfarb, and we were looking at the women passing by. They had an exquisite style... but, the case is not the same anymore! People do not know how to get dressed anymore,” says Manolo reminiscing the past. Historical revelations Born in 1942 in Santa Cruz de la Palma in the Canary Islands to a Czech father who was the owner of a pharmaceutical laboratory, and a Spanish mother, owner of a banana plantation, there was nothing predestined for young Manolo to embrace the profession of footwear. “It’s the most complete chance, I would say that the profession of shoe designer came to me. I was destined to become a diplomat, at least that was what my parents would have liked. One of my uncles worked at the United Nations in Geneva, my parents then sent me there for a summer internship, when I was 17. Then I stayed there to study law. I liked that, especially ancient law, as I have always been interested to understand how democracy works.” Hitherto confined to the contours of his island, where he attended school at home. The young Manolo Blahnik used to take advantage of the shared proximity of Geneva with France and England. He used the escape to spend the weekends there and go uninhibited. He then enrolled for a short time at the Louvre School in Paris, sometimes worked in a vintage London boutique and multiplied meetings with various designers who had the caliber to become the style of tomorrow. “During those days, what really interested me was the scenography, I always dreamt of becoming a theatre designer and I drew a lot.” One of his drawings, co-incidentally fell into the hands of Diana Vreeland who is actually responsible to seal her fate. He adds, “She said to me, ‘Look no further, you are made to create shoes!’ For me, it was a sensational revelation. This strong liking for shoes comes to me from my mother. She traveled a lot with my father, to Madrid, Marseille, Monaco and more, and I remember her bringing back from these trips a collection of shoes including a pair that particularly marked me. I kept each one of them, they are at my place. My mother had even convinced a shoemaker on the island to make a custom pair just for her. I remember witnessing the scenario with wondering eyes. That process of creation won me for life. The love for the shoes comes from there, undoubtedly.” Difficult to master, this creative technique remains to be the favourite of Manolo Blahnik till date. Even today, he draws by hand each of his models, in a small room of his house dedicated only to that. He explains, “I sketch all this in ink, it is necessary to be careful it’s very messy… I am famous for these models with the links fitting in the ankle, but it’s very complicated to do! Everything is a question of balance. That can quickly make you vulgar, you know.” Manolo takes his inspiration mainly from books, films, theater, and actresses. Time and now When he does not travel the world for his professional obligations - he has nearly 320 points of sale across the globe. He now divides his time between his London home and his Bath residence in Somerset, South of England which he discovered in 1983, during a stay with fashion editor Grace Coddington. He further continues to cultivate his own style of dress more than ever, which has always been colourful and cleverly elegant. “I have always liked to wear colour, I think it brings joy, right? Especially in England where the weather is always so uncertain. When it rains or is gray, I dress in red. And I find that being well dressed is a sign of respect, for oneself and for others, don’t you think? People are not making any more efforts today, I find that a real shame,” concludes Manolo. From salwar kameez to bellbottoms to high-street fashion, Indian fashion has undergone a significant transformation through the decades. While the changes in women’s clothing and fashion has been documented since ancient times across the world, these variations mostly reflected the social and political scenario of various countries, rather than being a popular practice. Indian fashion, however is ever-evolving. With so much culture attached to our fashion sensibilities, Indian wear is all but monotonous. With the rise of trends and a global panorama, we speak to the women behind ecstatic labels who have revamped traditional ensembles in an urban look without compromising on tradition. Founded in 2012, Ridhi Mehra a business graduate turned fashion designer, started her eponymous label. It is a contemporary take on refined Indian dressing. She is often lauded for bringing western aesthetics to traditional silhouettes. Striking yet free-spirited, she is constantly pushing the boundaries of affordable luxury. Clean lines, delicate details, and a hint of drama are Ridhi’s signature. Known for her eccentric designs and having an eye for detail, have made her a favourite all over. We dive into the inspiration pull that drives her into creating such finesse. “It’s our love for minimalism and understated style. While references from nature and motifs inspired from age old art and architecture are a constant feature in our collections, it’s our love of interpreting them in chic contemporary light that inspires our creations,” she said. Although many designers prefer the ultraethnic look for their creations, one still notices a subtle shift in their palette and ornamentation. We think that design aesthetics are moving further and further away from the bling of the 90s, the kind depicted in extravagant bollywood wedding scenes of that time. A new artistic taste is dawning upon the aesthetes, shaped by a
	deeper understanding of the world. The rise of the modern Indian bride is contributing to a gradual yet firm shift away from the opulent extravaganza to a more refined and globally on-trend way of doing things. “I adore the fact that new age Indian brides are experimenting and shedding the tradition of wearing over the top lehengas in traditional colours of red and gold. Bridal lehengas in pastel hues and contemporary fabrics are a major rage, nowadays. Embroideries have gotten chicer and minimal and so has the choice of jewellery,” she said. All of this brings more power to an Indian woman, but how would we describe her? One who is dauntless, independent, free spirited and yet, remains the crowning glory of the fabric of Indian aesthetics. As they say, the journey of a mile begins with a few steps. It began with an overwhelming love for art and design, which has only gone from strength to strength there on wards. The powerhouse that is Devnaagri is the brainchild of designer duo Kavita and Priyanka Jain who embody the spirit themselves. In a world where the definition of modern Indian clothing is blurring away, they continue to redefine and reset the paradigms of clothing archetype to meet contemporary Indian silhouettes. “Since the very beginning, we have been immensely proud of what our heritage and culture have to offer. Be it the age old techniques of gottapatti, block printing from Rajasthan, use of chanderi fabric, to the weaves from Banaras, all have helped us to put across the Indian lineage to the world outside. Every detail in our creation narrates a story, which is an extension of the modern Indian woman’s persona. The clothing spins a tale of a contemporary Indian woman who takes on the multitude of roles that life has to offer and grows into each one of them with ease and grace,” they said. Fashion designers in India, are known for shimmering silks and other rich textiles. To stay true to their roots, they often play up to these strengths, along with a fine hand for detail, if they aspire to global recognition. But, today the Indian drape has gone experimental in leaps and bounds. Change is here for good and for better, but is experimentation a required tool for being consistent in the fashion industry? “Experimenting, for us has been important but we are also sure of the brand aesthetics. Keeping that in mind drapes are kept traditional and minimal. The minor detailing on our designs make their own statement. The personality of the Devnaagri woman comes through. She has the freedom to interpret fashion and make her own statements,” they said. Only a year long journey, has paved way for a young designer to showcase his creative finesse. Torani stands for handcrafted luxury inspired by the myriad tales of Indian mythology. The label is a potpourri of all things nostalgic that binds us with a memory that has been long forgotten. It is a quintessential search to revive old weaves, art and textiles and reimagine them for future generations. We speak to Karan Torani, the design genius behind these ensembles, to dive into his method of crafting dream like silhouettes. Edited excerpts of our conversation… How did the journey of fashion designing begin for you?  Post my schooling in Delhi, I always dreamt of joining FIT, New York, to pursue my education in design but our financial situation at home did not allow to me to make that choice. Luckily, I got a 100 per cent scholarship at Pearl Academy, New Delhi, and was saved, else choosing fashion as an education can be really expensive, I topped my batch for all four years when I was there. Your designs are a reflection of the rich cultural heritage of India. How do you incorporate the traditional vibe in your collection?  My journey as an artist began when I was five and wanted to touch and feel fabrics that my amma collected from chanderi weavers. I was fascinated when she told me how her saris were handwoven and every thread was mercerised before they tied it on the loom. Years later my passion for the craft spiraled when I travelled through the country alone, finding stories and documenting them over the years. I took a break every year between my jobs to travel and find my true calling. From Bhujodi embroideries in Gujarat to Madhubani paintings in Bihar, and from Chanderi weaves in Madhya Pradesh to Paithani weavers  in Aurangabad. I mapped the country on local buses and trains until I found the courage to quit everything and work towards my label. Your creations are synonymous with the imperial touch in fashion designing. Take us through your inspirational board that creates such regal finesse.  My brand transpired from a very personal space of saving my own history and culture. The name, Torani is that of a Sindhi community, during the partition between India and Pakistan, our culture somehow lost it’s soul. Sindh, the city, now falls within Pakistan’s territory, and much like Punjabis, Sindhis are scattered all over the world. My dream is to celebrate the prismatic culture of Sindhis and how our tribe has a potpourri of cultures that takes elements from Punjab, Pakistan and India all into one. Simplicity is elegance and this motto bodes well with your designs. What inspires your design process?  Growing up, I used to visit Bhopal every year, as it was my mother’s hometown. I remember spending those afternoons around my grandmother’s home and watching her do household chores wearing simple chanderi saris. She hailed from Madhya Pradesh, so the choice of fabric was only natural. She had a certain radiating glow that stood out amongst all. How she tied her hair up, the way she spoke in Sindhi with the finest dialect and would make fresh pan at home after dinner. Almost everything about her had me fascinated. My clothes are a part of that hazy memory while I was growing up. About finding my grandmother, about finding her love for chanderi, and about finding myself through her. Handicraft plays a major role in defining your design language. How is your label contributing towards the handicraft industry of the country?  We currently employ over 200 craftsmen across the country – weavers, hand embroiders, drawing artists, chintz painters and block printers. For a brand that’s barely an year old, we try our best to give fair and timely wages, and provide them continuous employment and giving sufficient work each season. The royal logo of Airaavat represents your eponymous brand. What role does it play in defining your designs?  Growing up in an average Delhi family, learning the heroic tales of Hindu gods and goddesses from your elders was a usual routine. The fables of Indian mythology and its legendary characters had a deep resonance with me. One such divine tale was about Airavata. The seven trunked white elephant that flies in the skies and showers rains with Lord Indra. The Devtas and Danavs got together to churn the ocean for amrut, the nectar of immortality. Using the serpent Vasuki as a rope and Mount Mandrachal as the churning-rod, they churned out 14 precious items from the ocean, each of which is claimed by either the Devtas or the Danavs. Airavat was claimed by Indra. It was one of those many characters that found a lasting impression on my mind and somehow became a symbol of nostalgia and our logo for Torani. Fashion is defined as an evolutionary process. Is there an evolution from your perspective? Would you describe it as degrading or uplifting in today’s world?  The biggest evolution in fashion has been the idea of making it more and more inclusive. Social media has played a huge role in making that happen. Today, any launch of a product by any designer can be easily communicated to their consumer. For a young label like ours, it is definitely a huge boost. What do you think would be the biggest upcoming trend that will change the lndian fashion Industry?  Regaining our lost interest in culture and stories. Of finding our roots and looking within ourselves than outside for inspiration. What next can we expect from this power fashion label?  What I hope to create are timeless heirlooms that women cherish for years to come. The idea is to create classics that last you way beyond a season and evoke a personal love affair with the garment that tells your own story. My brand is not just about the clothes we make, but the stories we narrate. And as I unfold each tale, I hope women wear and hold a part of that story within them and save it for future. Are you even a designer if you haven’t collaborated yet? Expect everything in the world of fashion and lifestyle - it's dreamy and awe-striking grandeur wants to be savoured by all, from elites to the general mass. Collaboration is seen as two powerhouses or more, one less and one more, influential person and a brand coming together to show how both merged creatives would be, even if one isn’t involved in designing. While some haven’t been great, most of them have been extremely popular. These limited editions pieces can’t be seen lingering in online stores and showrooms, often selling out in a matter of hours but some only to be found being restocked again. So, are collaborations the new techniques to feed market hunger and customer satisfaction? Or, are they new marketing keys to remain in business? Collaborations between big, luxury names are always an instant hit. Designer Vivienne Westwood’s capsule collection for Burberry let those iconic checks get a predictably punk touch - an offbeat British elegance. Very recently, designer Alexander Wang, a favourite of cool and chic silhouettes and Bvlgari - another epitome of luxury and elegance collaborated on limited edition handbags to be released during New York Fashion Week, focussing on the Serpentine trend culture. That’s where collaborations help, fusing and blending two different themed design aesthetics into one culture. Not only are collabs on rage, even there have been constructed business meant solely for this purpose. Based on this, Moncler launched a business structure entirely centred on multiple collaborations- Pierpaolo Piccioli, Simone Rocha and Craig Green in the starting phase. Not only it fastened in generating market values, but it also helped Moncler attain a genius title. The similar idea was followed by Tods into launching Tod’s Factory with its cornerstone lying at non-seasonal collaborations. Are capsule collections the latest breathing element to remain significant? The next alliance in-line and on fury are celebrity, celebrity-designer or family-celebrity collections. Stella McCartney and Taylor Swift collaboration is a ‘Lover’s paradise, just like the title. The collection features tie-dyed tees, sweatshirts, limited edition bomber jackets in bold and bright sustainable materials. The most common name that rampages  and breaks records at celebrity or family-celebrity collections are the Kardashian-Jenner lines. Be it KKW Beauty, Kylie Cosmetics, Kylie Skincare, Kendall + Kylie, KKW Fragrance, Poosh along with their family collaborations KKW Fragrance with Kylie Jenner, Koko Kollection by Kylie Cosmetics, KKW X Kylie - their every collection with a lot of K’s is both a market and customer favourite, letting all have a dose of the Kardashian glam. If you think collaborations are just a new thing, it isn’t. Flipping pages of history, released during the last 1930s, was the Salvador Dalí and Elsa Schiaparelli’s Lobster Dress. The Yves Saint Laurent x Piet Mondrian A-Line shift dress marked the 20th-century high-end collaboration breakthroughs. They all marked the initial collision happening at the house of fashion. Fashion has developed into a trillion-dollar business. Every day, a new designer is discovered, a fashion student graduates, new brands develop and this business of fashion has turned into a study and analytical material. It's a hard task being in the constant pressure to create new creatives every day, tackling sustainability and remaining consistent in this competition. Maybe, these collaborations and capsule collections are a win-win situation to remain in the game. Or, do they all have another secret to hide behind this facade?   Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'officiel India Legendary Venezuelan designer, Carolina Herrera once rightfully quoted, “I approach fashion as an evolution. It’s always changing. As you know, sometimes it changes in three months.” We couldn’t agree more; fashion has time and again proved to be such a dynamic medium of creative expression where you can only expect the unexpected. Fresh out of this year’s MET Gala theme of “Camp: Notes on Fashion”, we can confidently say that be it elements of quirk, whims, fantasy or inspiration from day to day life–fashion imitates free flowing water that takes the shape of the artist’s mind. While the global fashion fraternity is rewriting norms, our Indian counterparts have their mind and heart in line to bring their A-game forward. What makes us the happiest is the fact that new generation of designers in India are nowhere near shy to experiment, and innovate with techniques and trends. They are the real rule benders who are pushing the boundaries to take Indian fashion to global platform. We speak to a few “cool kids” of fashion to know what goes behind their game changing acts. Inspiration  Creative outlet of any form needs inspiration to drive it, to meet its desired expression. Designers are required to keep an open mind and an exhaustive thought process to avoid creative roadblocks. This generation of Indian designers is not hesitant to take the roads less travelled when it comes to seeking inspiration for their designs. Delhi-based designer, Abhinav Mishra has a special connection with Indian heritage and the influence is evident in all of his collections. Abhinav shares, “My design  ideology  is to amalgamate modern cuts with traditional embroideries and mirror work using pastel as well as bright colours. My aim with every collection is to visualise my muse as the modern Indian woman who is always evolving.” On the other hand, Mumbai-based designer Arpita Mehta seeks major inspiration from travel. She shares, “My inspirations come from the travel destinations. Wherever I go, I make sure to weave my experiences and adventures into my memories which I come back with. While designing, I mix these experiences and try creating styles that are perfect combinations of different fabrics, prints, and embellishments.” Act of ethics  When talking about fashion, ethics is sure to come into the spotlight. The new age of Indian designers is awakening to true intentions– be it sustainable fashion, supporting local weavers or retaining authenticity. For instance, designer Purvi Doshi has always stood by the philosophy of sustainability  since the time she started working on handspun fabric, natural colours, and hand embroideries. She has been awarded the ECO AGE brand mark in recognition of her work with artisans, training and educating designers, with an idea of preserving traditional crafts and support livelihoods. Talking about ethical fashion, Abhinav says, “I strongly believe in staying original, revival of our Indian crafts and protection of our karigars. They deserve fair wages and work environment.” While sharing her views on originality of craft, adds Arpita, “I firmly believe in three things–firstly, build your own individual style, and not try to mimic somebody else or their style of work. Second, be aware of your buyer, their needs and desires so you can cater to them at the fullest. Lastly, one should be extremely honest with the product they are creating.” Ramp to real  Heightened global influence, affordability and social media awareness have played instrumental roles in fashion. Abhinav says, “Over the years wearability has become key, with the advancement of digital channels, people want products faster and want to try more things. Increased exposure is contributing to this change. Designers are focusing on creating products that can be used in day to day life as well. Online platforms are allowing us to retail collections from the ramp almost right after a show and there is a huge market that wants a latest collection in their wardrobe.” Arpita adds, “Couture is meant for a certain niche, but for the rest of the people, wearability of ramp fashion is key especially in our country. Most people take into consideration factors such as practicality, comfort and convenience and these elements hold utmost importance to the consumers.” Role of innovation  From techniques, design inspiration to experimenting with fabrics, detailing; innovation rides high in the fashion realm. Abhinav firmly believes that evolution of Indian fashion is all about innovation. In the past decade, Indian fashion witnessed innovation in silhouettes–traditional saris to drapes, motif exploration of embroideries– European and Aztec patterns are embroidered in traditional zardozi, to name a few. While Arpita explains that reinventing and evolving styles are essential to survive and prosper in this business. Designers are required to create something new and unique on a regularly basis so as to offer choices to customers. Innovation allows designers to use their imagination beyond boundaries to produce something that can completely revolutionise the scenario and help them make their mark. Way forward  Back in the day, the fashion industry was much smaller and a lot of work happened through word of mouth. Today’s digital age has made the industry way too competitive. People are more aware and discerning in their choices which is actually a great aspect about fashion. Competition has made designers work harder and create quality products that stand out. Also, young minds will continue to bring a new perspective and fresh energy to the scene. The landscape is far more exciting and it helps in innovating and creating a lot more than before. Since its inception in the year 2006, label ‘Nikasha’ has always focused on handcrafted traditions under its visionary founder, Nikasha Tawdey. The designer has successfully blended the Indian craft with contemporary chic. Armed with an artistic vision, Nikasha belongs to the school of thought where the artist’s sole purpose is to bring out the true essence of the original inspiration. She further throws light on the industry, evolution of fashion, future plans, and more in this exclusive interview. Edited excerpts… You have carved a niche of your own over the past decade. Were you always inclined towards fashion? How did it all begin for you?  I was training to be a psychoanalyst post my Graduation and Masters in Psychology. Fashion was not even a distant thought. However, life had other plans, lucky circumstances and serendipity got Niharika Khan to ask me to design for her new store “Purple Porcupine” and the rest is history. Your designs are synonymous with inherent Indianness. Where do you seek creative inspiration from?  It is not method calculation. Inspiration is a state of being; sometimes an idea can stay for years before it actually gets any shape. It can come from anywhere. To me, clothes need to have a soul. Otherwise, even the most technically brilliant-finished jacket is just a piece of cloth. The Indianness again is inherent in my blueprint—as a matter of fact I have been living in Singapore for the last decade, but it’s in my DNA. Handcrafted traditions in the form of embroideries, prints and natural fabrics are the specialties of your design house. Do you think reviving roots in fashion is the need of the hour? Absolutely, I recently went to Sanganer in Rajasthan and was so heartbroken that almost all block printers had shut shop as their kids were just not interested. We will lose a legacy and centuries of artisan treasures if we don’t do something. However small the effort is, it has to start now. Though your designs are immersed in Indian craft, you seamlessly blend traditions with contemporary chic. How do you come up with such eclectic designs? Perspective is like lens. It is unique to you. Similarly, I don’t see my designs as Indian or lehenga or sari. I see it with a vision and how close it keeps its pace with the original inspiration. The bridal season is round the corner. What are the trends you are betting big on this year?  Brides are more personality driven now, confident in their choices and aspiring to be an authentic version of them. That’s the biggest trend; the brief has changed, dress the bride that knows her mind. Do you think the prevalent concept of couture in India is limited to bridal wear? First, let’s understand couture, it means “Custom designed to a client’s specific requirements and measurements.” It’s a French word and concept, privy to only the very privileged, unlike India where we have had local tailors to stitch and custom make for over 200 years. So, technically, we have had couture for over two centuries. They simply have to dress for their occasions, i.e, balls and galas. We wear couture in our occasions that befits that kind of clothing i.e, ‘weddings’. Times are changing, occasions are also changing hence, we will come up with a new word and yes, then we can celebrate our absolute stunning craft in abundance. How do you think the industry has changed in the last 10 years?  The industry has expanded in terms of designers, but unfortunately only added numbers and unnecessary fat to the wedding market. Creatively, I can’t remember the last time I was excited to see a show. I hope that things change and there’s much needed excitement ahead. What does it take to stay relevant in fashion? Relevance is reflection of your inner self. I would say curiosity is very important for this one. To remain contextual; travel, listen to different perspectives, read more, and spend time on reflection and nature. What can we expect from label Nikasha next?  I’m looking forward to exciting times, metamorphosis in some ways. We have recently launched a store in Emporio, New Delhi. We are launching a kids line, an international label called NikashaX, accessories and our online website. Colours can have an impact-impeccable and immeasurable. A burst of tones on a piece of clothing isn’t just for a cause of outer aesthetics. It speaks more than what it can be deciphered. What happens when you see somebody pulling off a bright and bold combination? Don’t you immediately form an opinion of the person having a daring, bright and exciting personality? Our human brain is highly impacted by these colours around us. It even reacts differently to the effect of Turquoise blue and Persian blue. It's astonishing how different tones of a certain colour bring a variety of impacts on feelings and senses. Back in the 60s and 70s, when the world was growing into a whirlwind of outward-ness and spirits of rebellion, psychedelic fashion came into being. It became a huge part in welcoming the revolutionary ideas and indicated people’s wish – free of charge. It became a movement of transference of one’s internal thoughts and vision into an external reality painted in themes of life. Such was its growth and impact that it didn’t spare the luxury fashion culture as well. Yves Saint Laurent(Couture, Fall 1970) brought some varied hues into a bridal gown, not following the soft and subtle white wedding dress. Coming forth to the present days, the trend market is still in awe of psychedelic fashion.  Mind-Changing Haute-Culture All of them mimicks the free culture of the 70s and 80s. It’s no secret that both the glamorous town of fashion and the realistic world of human needs is looking for tools of escapism, anything that is a caricature of their hidden liberated spirits. Dries Van Noten (SS’15)bought an opulent vision of bohemian culture with models couching dreamily on the mossy green runway, carrying the resemblance of a free, laid-back lifestyle with an appreciation that it is okay for one to relax back, not work and pump great ideas in the lap of nature. There are also some fashion houses and designers who have always been seen heavily influenced by the major patterns and styles in this fashion. Pucci has become a trademark in psychedelic prints. So gay is the brand’s prints, in bright fuchsia, turquoise, yellow that it could immediately trick the eye and brain to a beautiful vision. The ‘John Galliano of India’, Manish Arora has held a considerable position working in this genre of fashion, celebrating captivating prints, sequined shines, wild florals with his rich palette of colours and motifs that combine traditional Indian crafts, holding a major in kaleidoscopic florals.  Experience the Tie-Dye A favourite of the recent trends, tie-dye seems to be back in most of our closets, thanks to the runways for reviving back the style. The popularity of these artistic, kaleidoscopic designs has spread like wildfire. On Pucci's Spring’15 catwalk, Peter Dundas showed a glammed-up take on the technique and how luxury fashion couldn’t stay unaffected by this hippie texture even after many years. The stars of rock music promoted this texture which is mainly said to have inspired by Art Nouveau, Victoriana, Dada, and Pop Art. Woodstock,1969 was a tie-dye paradise. Though what Joe Cocker and John Sebastian contributed to music can’t be expressed in words, their extraordinary performances at Woodstock inspired many to try on tie-dye texture to celebrate music, art, fashion and life. This print is on a hot rage now, especially the Spring-Summer’19 trends from edgy fashion houses like R13 to the elegant ones like Prada couldn’t get enough of it. Although these relived contemporary pieces sing songs of late summer memories, they are now all tailored crisp in striking new tones and juxtaposes their old stories for good.  Fashion can now be seen breaking rules. It’s not stagnant to styles meant just for the aristocrats and the elites. It’s remarkable how an old-school fashion of the 60s arising from small pockets of less influential people has received such a high amount of appreciation. Their eccentric colours, prints and textures have influenced both the luxury designers and the mass-market manufacturers.    Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'officiel India A child of tradition from the land of culture and pageantry, Palak Shah, CEO, Ekaya Banaras hails from a family known for preserving the true Indian textile for over 120 years. Her sharp business acumen, combined with a spirit of intelligent marketing acuteness, deep curiosity for the world, and a fierce pride in Indian textiles, has been a driving force behind Ekaya’s success and growth. One of the key elements of her business strategy is the readiness to embrace heritage by using it as a springboard for inspiration. Palak has helped Ekaya bring a newer, younger and bolder life to the story of textiles in India, which in turn ensures the brand’s foothold and eminence. In just a span of five years it stands as the pioneer of handloom luxury in India. We speak to her about her success route and all things Banaras, edited excerpts from our conversation... After studying business management at King’s College London, you moved back to India. What has been the driving force behind Ekaya’s success and growth?  While I was at Kings, I was always curious as to why a sari could not be sold in the same way as a luxury handbag is sold. As anything that is handcrafted should be considered luxurious, but that is not the case in our country. I incorporated that aspect in Ekaya, through my choice of textiles. The idea was to give Indian textiles it’s rightful place in the global fashion market. Ekaya reflects a vision of modern aesthetic amalgamated with Indian art forms. Warm, engaging and special, it offers a signature experience of modern India and its treasures. What have been the measures taken by you to help take the family business forward and shape it for a new era?  We are a contemporary brand and I try to keep up with the changing time, yet incorporate it in the traditional way of promoting textiles. Selling textiles in India has become archaic, and repeating, what has been an old practice had to be revamped. So, I went ahead by engaging in collaborations, marketing strategies and associations to make it more relevant. Your colour palette, on the other hand, is more contemporary, featuring pastel shades that are more popular today. What made you choose these hues?  I have always kept myself in the consumers shoes, and think from their perspective. Fortunately enough I am well versed with the world and decently fashion forward, and if I find something appealing for myself; then I am sure it would be appreciated by millennials from my generation. That has been my inspiration behind choosing colours, textiles and style choices. It is a 100 per cent humanistic approach. What are the exquisite and rare Indian textile specimens in your collection?  We have started an initiative at Ekaya, called The Revival Service , wherein we revive old techniques that are no longer used today.  We take in people’s 100 year old sari and revive it, we teach the weavers the old method that is long gone by, and learn something new ourselves about our blessed heritage. How do you think your brand stands out from it’s counterparts of the industry?  It’s because of our infrastructure, and the way we have been positioned. We have a team of more than 8,000 weavers, which gives us an insight into their world. Our expertise strengthens from the fact that we have a strong legacy of creating what the market requires, and we know the best way to create it.  Today, millenial’s are inclined towards Indian sensibilities than their western obsessed predecessors. Do you feel the wave of change with your customers?  Most definitely, I think today we are feeling closer to our country and roots more than ever. Millennial’s are embracing their culture in such a positive way, in order to stand out from the crowd. And I believe standing closer to your roots is an ideal way to stand out from what is conventional.  Tell us about Thaan . Thaan , is my baby that I launched in 2017. It is India’s first ever textile gallery where you can purchase textiles too.  It houses 1000 distinct fabrics from Banaras, hence it shows the true potential of what Banaras has to offer, thereby not limiting it to weaves, butis and paisleys. There’s snake skin, geometric aesthetics and abstract designs that create a soulful space, which helps us put forward Indian textiles in everyday lives. But in future I do want to create it as a concept store, with all things Banaras. A 120 year old craft, your designs introduce aesthetic with new techniques into the design vocabulary. What made you fill this gap?  It is essential to walk with modern times, and fashion for me is a way to be able to do that. It is a language of the unspoken word, yet it communicates so much. And adaptability comes in very handy here, because without it we would not be able to keep the craft alive. People need to relate to a tradition and we make it more fulfilling for them. You have had successful collaborations with prominent designer labels. Which tasteful collaboration is next on  the cards? I am looking at a rather different collaboration this time, one that brings a whole product line under our label. We have always engaged  with people who have something different  to bring to the table, and that is what we are eyeing upon next. From waves of nostalgia rising from the trends of the ‘80-’90s to big logos being on the stands again; from fanny packs to animal prints, the abode of fashion seems to be on the rage of ‘welcoming back’ styles and designs of yesteryears. Be it the fashion weeks or the looks sported by our favourite celebrities, it would be hard to walk past these once-gone yet upcoming trends in the years to come. Ignoring the massive return of head-wears would be a foolish trend-spotting task. They still create the same waves of splendour, authority and significance like that in the past. It’s hard to ignore the pride cast by head accessories. Be it a Chanel beret or a Manish Arora turban, one cannot afford not to wear one. It’s surprising how Isabella Blow single-handedly kept the hat tradition alive. Isabella Blow and Philip Treacy still remain the talk in discussions of headwears .She brought life to the wondrous craftsmanship of Treacy who weave tales of impossible dreams and rebellious spirits. Only a woman like her with such originality and a vanguard of British and World fashion, even in those times could turn those daring hats into a spectator sport, an exquisite piece and a sign of free-spirit and empowerment. If one were to talk about both dramatic and casual head-wears, there isn’t any season particularly meant for it. Laurence & Chico (SS’19) set out a runway surprise with the extravagant geometric wigs and groovy headphone head-wears that called out the vibes of drag queens, drama and boldness.The young British designer Matty Boven(SS’19) enlightened his collection with towering floral and vine hats, extravagant headpiece with feather dusters, brushes, bathroom gadgets or kitchen utensils with an array of colours, sharp silhouettes that draw attention straight away to "What does Matty Bovan actually want to say?".In this evoking saga of mirroring the socio-political climate, those headpieces probably shows how a society portrays a woman's place, role and the ideas she should only care about.This collection was disruptive, but disruptive for being real, natural and expressive. These additives aren’t made for summer blooms only; the fall/ winter’19 trends gave a whole new style to embrace and spice up the autumn look. Reliving since last season, bucket hats came in bright colours and prints, in twists and turns held in luxury. This ritzy new bucket hat,first sighted at the Tom Ford show in New York didn’t even give the slightest lazy vibes associated with them. It presented a new definition of grandeur and being styled with suits.A knitted cap is usually the go-to and a safe accessory choice which has turned into a high fashion item. At Versace, knitted caps were fancied up by the addition of large, jeweled brooches. Knit beanies were given the Marc Jacobs treatment with all kinds of feathery decorations that matched the gowns they were paired with. Chanel Resort’19 cemented back the original and untouched respect of berets and that, it can be used as an every-day tool in one’s life and not only for classy brunches.  Headwears have also rooted for being eternally stylish and flag bearers of the renaissance of historic trends that acted as mirrors of the society. From caps to bucket hats, from fedoras to beanies, hats have stood as a versatile and functional addition.  They have always enacted as a platform constructed in a simple yet inspired manner, guiding fashion hubs and enthusiasts to episodes of modish history and adorning the past.    Story by - Tejashee Kashyap: Intern at L'officiel India Anavila Mishra made a rather subtle entry to the world of fashion, but her eponymous brand soon became synonymous with saris, especially those handcrafted with linen fabrics. The no-frills saris  with unmatched borders and geometric patterns in muted tones struck a chord equally with sari enthusiasts and sari skeptics. Not humble by any means—although pre-stitched and jeans sari have made an appearance on the runway—the sari was waiting for an uplift, if not a transformation. What Anavila did, successfully so, was change the perception. Sari is not just for festivities. It can be a part of our daily wardrobe. She removed all superficial adage that sari carried and freed it, freeing the women in turn. She has taken another leap of faith lately by bringing structured silhouettes into the collection. Her spring/summer 2019 show had something for everyone. The line, inspired by the women of a tribe in Vietnam, included saris with a twist. “My inspiration came from the culturally rich, aesthetically strong and naturally beautiful Sa Pa region of Vietnam. Their lifestyle and inherent love for textile art formed the base of my work,” Anavila says.  From growing up in Karnal, a sleepy town in Haryana to finding her inspirations from far off destinations, Anavila has evolved as a designer, but remained true to her belief. “Nature had a lasting impression on my aesthetic and design sensibility,” she says talking of her home in Haryana. As a little girl, she dressed her dolls up, made handkerchiefs with her nimble fingers, it was the formal training she received at NIFT Delhi that paved the path to the realm of design. Right from her first collections she has found inspirations with the indigenous tribes and women who live in saris, literally. This time it was Vietnam. “My extensive travel across the Sa Pa region and spending time with the local artisans had a strong impact on me. In many ways, they are living the life of sustainable fashion we aspire for,” she says. Was it difficult to pick up elements from the tribe and include them in the collection, we ask? “Not even the slightest bit difficult. It actually flew quite naturally. The life of the women of the region is strongly interwoven with the craft itself. From everyday objects to pieces of clothing and everything around them has a strong indigenous design. The strong symbolism and design diversity made it easier to work in this region,” she adds.  Right from her first collections she has found inspirations with the indigenous tribes and women who live in saris, literally. This time it was Vietnam. “My extensive travel across the Sa Pa region and spending time with the local artisans had a strong impact on me. In many ways, they are living the life of sustainable fashion we aspire for,” she says. Was it difficult to pick up elements from the tribe and include them in the collection, we ask? “Not even the slightest bit difficult. It actually flew quite naturally. The life of the women of the region is strongly interwoven with the craft itself. From everyday objects to pieces of clothing and everything around them has a strong indigenous design. The strong symbolism and design diversity made it easier to work in this region,” she adds.  Much like her earlier collections, indigo is the key element of this collection too. She has used a lot of pleating and cording. The batik techniques, which are inherent to the Sa Pa women, formed a strong base for her work. The collection is made using natural dyes. She also used single jersey knitted fabric to create the garments adorned with a basket-like embroidery, inspired by the weaves used to craft baskets in the Sa Pa region. This time, too, the spotlight was on the sari. “The sari is a cultural textile with a modern voice. There are multiple beautiful narratives of the same in the past and present. I strongly wanted to create a contemporary voice using this garment for the future,” Anavila says. For the spring/summer 2019 collection, she experimented a lot with drapes that find its root in the same way that the Sa Pa region and incorporated knitting in their layers. “The baskets are almost impossible to separate. I used these two elements to create the drapes for the ramp which translated into easy, comfortable and fresh looks.” Anavila likes to work with a theme in mind. The inspiration is translated into a moodboard, which is then broken down into colours, details and patterns. All the saris are handwoven even, most of the garments are made of handwoven textiles. It is almost imperative for her to travel to weaving and printing clusters in the country and abroad, and work closely with the artisans. For the entire design process—making of blocks, shortlisting of patterns, printing, weaving—textiles are her priority, followed by silhouettes and accessories. Much before fashion picked up pace, Anavila was committed to sustainability. In the last few years, people have come to realise the worth of sustainable fashion, but may be just as a concept, and not as a lifestyle choice. Sustainability is, of course, more than just producing ethical garments. “Sustainability is a way of life. To be conscious every day about your consumption and taking steps to minimise wast. Understanding what goes into making the products we buy is an important part of the process,” Anavila says.  On the ramp, models walked in edgy and glamorous clothes, but not without the fuss-free comfort. The spring/summer 2019 collection by Pankaj & Nidhi drew inspiration from lily and Fran Japanese florals. So, there were tone-on-tone styles, florals with high slits and flattering drapes. The designer duo have mastered the art of texturing, fusing them with contemporary tailoring and fluid designs. Over the years, they have developed unique ways giving their clothes dream-like silhouette, yet kept them fiercely functional.  Creating unique textures and embroidery has been their forte. Edited excerpts... You have been blending art and design seamlessly, what is your design calling?  Our love affair with museums and art continues to inspire us. For our autumn/winter 2019 collection, it was a walk through the galleries of the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam, Netherlands. Among several inspiring works, one made a deep impression. Dutch artist Jan Davidz de Heem’s Still Life with Flowers in a Glass Vase (1650-1683). The detail and realism in this rather small painting is breathtaking. It made its way recently into our home on a magnified customised wallpaper. Do you think wearable art is a sustainable form of designing clothes? Our design philosophy blurs between art and fashion. We are inspired by art and like to create clothes like pieces of art. We create a collection that we would be proud of when we are looking at it 10 years from now, say in an archive museum or a retrospective exhibition of our brand. Each piece should be able to evoke a certain drama, excitement and a new visual. People might call it couture, but we make them ready-to-wear.  When did you decide to start your own label?    I was working with Rohit Bal, and Nidhi had joined there as a young designer. That is where we got to know each other, got attracted to each other, and got married. In 2006, we decided to start our own design house, our eponymous label.  You have been into surface texturing, geometric patterns and graphic prints that have become your signature.  We’ve worked our graphic sensibilities to make a collection, cascading from florals to origami such as geometric patterns on fabrics such as rich taffeta, silk velvets and organza. At the heart of every collection lies texturisation. We use several unique techniques. Drawing inspiration from the Japanese sashiko pattern, we use a lot of cutwork-layering, especially handcut materials with three dimensional origami like images such as semi circles and squares. These are then sewed together in a two way pattern. This season, we have not only revived our signature cutwork in pastels, but also introduced the new age arial embroidery that’s done on striped organza and cotton. Over the years, each collection of ours has had various techniques which have become our signature style. Like, quilting work on a print instead of a solid colour, ribbon work and lattice technique. This time in the form of a mesh and then being embellished with patent leather flowers and crystals. We revived our intricate trapunto quilting. We also like using lattice technique which is our signature using it on wool jersey.   Did winning International Woolmark Prize change things?   The Woolmark prize got us visibility in India as well as international exposure. It also nudged us to start using merino wool.  India, traditionally, has never been too hot on structured silhouettes. Do you think that is changing with designers like you playing with modern silhouettes? Yes, well, historically India has been a land of unstitched clothes such as dhoti, sari, drapes and shawls but that has evolved into weather-friendly loose tunics and easy separate kurtas that will always be around. We are living in the 21st century and fashion has changed roads. There are many consumers out there who want structured clothing to be able to accentuate and work with their body types, and also look sharp. A more exciting take on fashion would be when there is a place for both.  What do you think is needed to stay relevant? We are excited when there are new designers doing exciting work, but it needs to be sustainable, and needs to be done season after season. Each collection and each season brings new challenges and we have to be better compared to the last season to keep the business going. You could have showcased for 20 seasons, but for your next season you need to start afresh. It can make or break you. That’s the irony and also the exciting part of fashion. Fashion shows have, for the longest time played a monumental role in the way the fashion industry works. The concept of fashion week comes from the court of French Emperor Louis XIV, making it an almost 300-year-old tradition. Yet, in recent years, this stalwart of the fashion industry is under siege from the all-encompassing and consuming social media. Designers are skipping runway shows in favour of digital platforms to launch their collection. In India, Sabyasachi was one of the first fashion houses to completely do away with catwalk and in recent years many other designers have followed suit.  Ridhi Mehra, who hasn’t showcased her designs for the past two seasons tells us, “The launch of your collection on Instagram vis-a-vis a fashion show is an important change which was seen almost 2-3 years ago. All our customers, be it existing or potential, are all on Instagram and it’s a fantastic way to stay connected to the brand or discover its new collections. The right amount of exciting content, pre-buzz and a proactive digital marketing strategy, can really usher the success of a collection.” Scores of upcoming designers have also chosen to take the social-media route instead of showcasing on a traditional runway. Designer Abhinav Mishra, who started his label in 2017, decided to expand his brand via Instagram first, “I felt social media is like a visual canvas and a story board for my work and saw a rising audience that interacted very strongly with me. From my first campaign collection in 2017 to today, we’ve gone from 6k followers to nearly touching 200k followers on Instagram, solely. Building a campaign on social media over the course of time is a lot more fulfilling than a show, ” states Abhinav. Others aren’t convinced that social media can substitute catwalk completely. Designer Manish Malhotra believes that fashion shows are an integral part of fashion and aren’t going anywhere anytime soon. At the same time, he agrees that visual storytelling through social media has become an important tool to engage consumers. There seems to be a consensus that digital media is capable of begetting a structural change in the way fashion industry functions. Varun Bahl, who isn’t ready to let go of catwalk shows just yet, argues that there has been a huge structural shift in presenting a collection on social networking sites. The digital age has got things moving very fast and customers are more aware and want the latest creations at the earliest. “Social media is able to reach out directly to the customers which brings in significant business,” he adds. In terms of revenue generation, fashion weeks are still far more important than digital platforms. Although the audience outreach of social media makes it an indispensable aid for business. Gaurav Gupta says, “There is a very niche audience that comes to watch an actual fashion show. However, social media is accessed by anyone and everyone—even a teenager sitting at the comfort of her house can explore and engage with our brand and even peruse our collection. This is amazing because even if they are not our target group they would still get initiated to the brand and that will create recall value." Fashion week has always aimed to cater to an exclusive clientele. But the presence of influencers and bloggers has given anyone with an Internet connection front-row access to these invite-only shows. Designers Pankaj and Nidhi believe that catwalk shows while serving its original purpose have also evolved into a great marketing tool where not just buyers and press attend, but also influencers and bloggers who eventually serve as muses for the brand.  While nobody wants to write off the runway just yet, it is certainly facing an unprecedented challenge. Which means that the only way fashion week can sustain the threat posed by the digital media is to evolve. Yet the question remains: Into what? And can any form of evolution be possible without digital platforms to act as virtual crutches? Bertrand Blier, a French film director, once famously said that fashion is no longer a dream, but a job that has changed people’s lives. Fashion designers Johanna Senyk, Simon Porte Jacquemus, Bruno Sialelli, Arnaud Vaillant and Sebastien Meyer have just proved that right when they put up a great show this year for the Coperni Fall 2019. These talents, less than 35 years old, form a large creative family, which creates nothing but a masterpiece.  At the event, Jacquemus took the opportunity to replay La Nuit Américain (the American night), with the setup of a provincial village which was more real than life. His show was about clothes that revolve around this theme. Marine Serre, a French fashion designer, entered in the commando mode with the undergrounds of Issy-Les-Moulineaux, one of the frontiers of Paris. Wanda Nylon also presented the Autumn-Winter 2019/20 collection of Françoise, her new brand. The show helped Arnaud Vaillant and Sébastien Meyer to revive their brand which was lost since 2015.  Like the world around, today’s fashion can also be distinguished between two tribes, the optimists and the pessimists. As in literature, there were the Ancients and the Moderns, in music Debussy and Ravel, in fashion there is Utopia and Dystopia. The optimists are said to be the utopians, for their visionary and perfect creations. On the contrary are, the pessimists—a term referring to dystopia fashion. This type of fashion is majorly influenced by the electronics and high-tech industries and is known for its technologically advanced creations. Traces of both were seen during Coperni Fall 2019. Between Utopia and alternative reality, it is the myth of creativity that transforms and transports in people’s mind. “People are inspired by real or imagined journeys. We rely on concrete things, all around us and on many technologies too,” explains Arnaud Vaillant. At Coperni, practicality bounced back to fashion, after Arnaud’s and Sébastien’s come back. They spent two years at Courrèges, whose designs are known for futurism and modernism. Now, the duo envision their work as part of an industry and not an escape machine. After all, it is true, why be content to intellectualise fashion when we can also make it irresistible? Paris cultivates this sacred fire in the hearts of the new French generation who is inspired by fashion. On a hot morning, we drove along a narrow street in the capital to meet a Woolmark winning designer, a rather suave personality with a hint of mischief in his eyes. Suket Dhir needs no introduction. Waiting for Suket to arrive we sat amidst, racks of his ensembles. From afar one might only see a row of neatly ironed bomber jackets, but as you step up to have a closer look you notice the fine prints of miniature paintings playing golf and riding segways, a representation of the modern day maharaja if we may, the element of surprise as Suket says. We sat down with him to discuss his Woolmark journey and his fluid design creations. Edited excerpts from the interview... What inspires you? Everything inspires me. Beauty inspires me.  I think my inspiration comes from my own past, present and future experiences. Being an instinctive individual, if something inspires me, I’ll start working on it.  As you said your past experiences inspire you, tell us something about your childhood. I belong to a small town of Banga, Punjab. During the period of insurgency, we moved to Delhi. My childhood was pretty unique than my friends, who are from metropolitan cities. My grandfather was supposed to be the patriarch who everybody looked up to, but I knew a different side of him, for me he was a doting grandfather. He had a very distinct dressing style, his clothes were always white, spick and span, and crisply ironed. I think people back in the day were more sartorial, in that small town he adorned berets and bomber jackets. When did you decide to step into fashion? After school, for four to five years, I was clueless as to what I wanted to pursue in future. Zero, zilch, nada. So, I kept on getting into something or the other. I joined a call centre and ended up making more money than my friends who had pursued MBA. A friend once asked me what I wanted to do for the rest of my life, it is a very scary question to ask a 21 year old. He initiated the idea that I get into fashion, and then one thing led to another. How was the beginning? Did you have to conform to a lot of norms? Abiding by norms stopped in school for me. I was poor in studies, bad at sports, short in height and to top it all, I was extremely opinionated. I used to get bullied by the bullied. But luckily that never left a chip on my shoulder because of all the love that I was showered with back home. My childhood prepared me for my future in design. How would you define your eponymous label? It is a menswear brand with a global aesthetic, but an Indian soul. I  am my own muse and like to make clothes for myself. There is an element of nazaakat and playfulness both. All buttons are stitched in multi-coloured threads. All my clothes have a certain detailing on the inside. And these things also depict the softer side of people, especially men because they are not always stiff and strong.  What, according to you, is the essence of men’s fashion? Are men forced to dress the same way or is the narrative changing? Can we see more fluid fashion in future? Men globally today are experimenting more than ever before. The 80s was a cool era, but the 90s were a more somber period. Somehow the masses began abiding by the whole job culture routine, whereas in India there was never such a concept, we used to work all week. We are already witnessing fluid fashion, men are now breaking shackles, they want to be associated with colours and prints. Menswear market is the fasted growing and changing market now. Its already happening, and you’ll be seeing more of it. What is your take on genderless fashion? Well, it’s a reality, people have started to look beyond gender, it’s more about being human. And that’s about it. Clothing is an extension of that, the concept of what is feminine and masculine arose in the west. But I come from a different school of thought, I think men believe in colour, there is so much of stigma attached to men wearing what is not manly. There should be no debate about that. Tell us something about the “He for She” collection. What is the concept working behind it? I was happy in observing that my wife has been sort of stealing clothes from me, since forever, which made me think that she might as well get some stuff made from here. I began resizing menswear outfits for her, and that’s how this collection came into being. It is unapologetically menswear for women. The silhouettes are absolutely straight, there has been no pretense about any curves or contours, I’ve only made them in a smaller shoulder size. It has it’s limitations it is very niche, it has a certain silhouette, but at the end of the day I never set out to do womenswear anyway. It is only an extension of my menswear.  Give us a share of your International Woolmark journey?  When I got the invite to participate, I didn’t even think of myself as a designer. I was extremely self-critical and almost ignored it. One day while I was speaking to my mentor, I happened to mention about the invite and she told me “Of course you are participating and winning it,” those were her words.  The concept emerged from my childhood, from the style of pants my grandfather wore. Everyone loved the idea that it was from India, but not Indian, it did not have embroidery, paisleys, elephants, snakes or snake charmers. Their eyes were as dreamy as mine when they saw my collection, it was the representation of true Indian luxury in it’s subtlest form.  After winning we were flashed all across newspapers and magazines, and I was proud that I was making non page 3 news. Later we started retailing out of international stores such as Saks Fifth Avenue, New York and Isetan in Japan. But ironically, my family back in Punjab was happier that I got a 10 year US visa rather than the fact that I won a Woolmark, it was so surreal.  Did your brand’s positioning change after you won the International Woolmark Prize? No, the brand remained the same. My brain’s positioning changed after I won the Woolmark Prize. I used to dream with doubts, after winning the Woolmark I started to dream without it. I still design and make what I like to wear, that was the same back then and remains consistent even now.  In more progressive parts of the world, genderless fashion is nothing new, but for a place steeped in conservatism, like India, the idea is still rather niche. Yet in the last couple of years, this fashion trend has been making an appearence thanks to a group of emerging Indian  designers who view clothing as a subtle yet inclusive way to talk about gender expression and identity. Genderless fashion may be defined as a concept that sees a garment not being prescribed to a preferred gender when designed, differing itself from fashion’s established notions of “menswear” and “womenswear”. The Gen-Z, is going after the market for those who don’t want or care if their clothes are categorised in a certain gender, or those who are looking to shop, and identify outside of the traditional gender binary. We can immediately see that spring/summer 2019 is set to revolutionise the way we see and wear clothes. With thousands of columns and stories devoted to the topic of gender identity every week, it’s refreshing to be reminded of Jeffrey Eugenides’ summation of the subject in just six words: “Sex is biological. Gender is cultural.” When expressed so concisely, it’s no surprise his 2002 book, Middlesex, won the Pulitzer Prize. More importantly, it leads to the discussion that gender is nothing more than an idea that’s open to everyone’s interpretation. By putting men in traditional feminine silhouettes, and not allowing the age-old, patriarchal stereotypes on masculinity and femininity hold them back, emerging Indian designers are making their mark on the androgynous fashion scene.  While in conversation with designer Purushu Arie, we asked him the inspiration behind starting his brand. Purushu said, “It was the earliest push towards a conscious gender-less sartorial approach that began a decade ago. As a fashion design student, I began making my womenswear assignments in a way that I could later wear them. This was also the period when I was studying costume history in detail and it was a fascinating revelation to learn that the earliest people did not categorise their clothes into menswear or womenswear...they wore clothes devoid of any gender tags. Studying more on gender non-binary helped me organise my own scattered genderless sartorial notions.” Taking the voice of gender neutrality forward are duo Ruchika Parab and Shruti Singhi of Generation Mixx, a fashion line that is behind the ‘Boys Equal Girls’ t-shirt, which has been taking the world by storm. We asked them, whether men and women really wanted genderless fashion? “We don’t believe it’s as much about genderless fashion as it is about freedom of expression. People should have the freedom to wear what they want without fear of persecution or being ostracised,” said Ruchika. Designer Sohaya Misra of Chola, commented on the notion of genderless fashion only being a contemporary trend or a movement. Sohaya said, “I don’t think genderless fashion is a trend at all. Gender benders have always existed. It’s just that now as a society we are rightly learning to acknowledge their presence, which is something that we should have done a long time ago. I mean it’s neither a concept nor a trend. It’s a reality. It’s how people exist. It’s who they are and it is here to stay.” Likewise Pranav Misra, co-founder of HUEMN (pronounced: human), said, “Genderless fashion is not about clothes, it’s about identity. You cannot dress up people in certain clothes which according to you are genderless, you can’t treat them as mannequins. I see images of publications and people coming out and dressing up men extensively in skirts and women in pants, and calling it genderless. In a way it’s drawn from a mood board of people who have come out as who they are, wherein men identify themselves with more feminine energy and women identifying themselves with a more masculine or androgynous energy. But that does not define genderless fashion. It’s about walking around in the society without an eyebrow being raised at you.” Fashion has always been treated as an exclusive identity that  has its own niche, but genderless fashion has come across  in its own way to be more inclusive. As millenials become less concerned about whether or not their clothes conform to gender binary, but rather with just clothes, the category now only stands to grow bigger. Advances in fashion and technology have made it easier to embrace shapes and structures. The lines of architecture and fashion are blurring. We give you a peek into the collections of designers who have taken architecture-inspired understanding to new heights. RAHUL MISHRA The latest collection by Rahul Mishra is inspired by Mughal architecture, their gardens and miniature paintings, which are a blend of Islamic geometry and old Indian art forms. “We started by looking at the walls and forms of monuments which have geometric patterns tessellating with a dense play of organic floral forms,” says Rahul. The collection has a play of pastel pink, peach, yellow and green and hints of red and fuscia inspired by autumn leaves. Ivory and gold are also strong elements in the collection. Traditional techniques such as zardozi, aari as well as 3D appliqué hand embroidery adorn the garments. Silhouettes are a play between traditional and contemporary. Sample this: capes and jackets make their way to replace traditional dupatta adding functionality. The collection is called Maraasim, which means relationship in Urdu. And aptly so. It is based on connections between past and present. The collection revives ancient visual expressions and explores new forms, with the ingenious use of geometry and arabesque to achieve patterns of dizzying complexity. Intricate vegetal motifs with chevrons and spandrels from the rich decorative vocabularies of an earlier era come alive as surface texturing. Maraasim explores the relationship between nature and architecture, traditional and modern, crafted through hand-woven textiles. AMIT AGGARWAL Amit Aggarwal’s creation has always been greatly inspired by science, architecture and mathematics. “I look at biology and architecture for inspiration and use mathematical calculations to design silhouettes, details and new materials. It’s important for a designer to deeply reflect as to what it is that makes them different and one-of-a-kind, especially in terms of what they seek for inspiration,” says Amit. Amit, who has long pioneered in engineering modern and innovative couture, showcased his collection Crystalis at the 11th edition of India Couture Week. It was inspired by two wondrous natural phenomena: the formation of crystals at a molecular level and the enveloping of the metallic chrysalis around a cocoon. The collection uses experimental textiles created using industrial materials, enhanced with zardozi and aari hand techniques. A range of handcrafted threedimensional embroideries in various crystalline and bio-mimicked forms and motifs, giving fabrics a unique visual and tactile quality. The colour palette for Crystalis consisted of metallic shades of rose gold, silver, pewter and light gold along with jewel tones of rose quartz, silver onyx, emerald, amethyst, topaz and sapphire. Some of the most compelling visuals in the presentation were extensive silhouettes morphing using different aspects of traditional Indian and westernshapes infusing them with structure and form. This aspect was showcased using a range of sophisticated cording, plisse and topstitched fabrications, laboriously designed and crafted inhouse. Sharply cut innovative patterns that accentuate and enhance the female form, were combined with incredibly sculptural yet agile fabrications that dramatically drape around the body. The youngest jury member at Mittlemoda, a maverick designer and an art geek, Gaurav Gupta is all this and more. With imagination drawn from architecture around him and a manner of thinking that elevates him to stretch the limits further, his dresses are a dream. Over the years, he has also found inspiration in surrealism. At the opening of his flagship store in Mehrauli, we caught hold of him. He spoke about his store, his take on sustainable clothing and social media. Excerpts from the interview... Tell us something about your store. What vision did you have for it? Who designed it? Finding inspiration in surrealism, it is my interpretation of fantasy palace ruins, complete with mystical references and magical creatures. We envisaged our entire store around an age-old Siris tree, which we encased beautifully in a pristine glass prism, with a carefully shaped moon-roof, balancing the geometric with the poetic.  Architecturally, we envisioned bringing together the old and the new in a harmonious contrast — a Romanesque oval fountain in the centre of the store, which is outlined with curvilinear walls, beveled mirror edges are interspersed in the space to create a feeling of endlessness. The store is a deep-design collaboration with Studio Lotus.   Was designing something that you always wished to take up? Yes, I was always interested in arts. There is no one in my family who was interested in fashion, arts, or any other similar field. My father has a business that specialises in iron and steel and he wished that I too followed, but I chose fashion. In school, I was always interested in trying my hand at sculpture, and liked to dance. Eventually, NIFT Delhi and Central Saint Martins, London happened. How did the thought of creating something sculptural, something from drapes come about? I believe in rhythm and sense of sensitivity, which I think is very beautiful and spiritual. That’s why these sculptures come naturally to me. Tell us about the design and crafting process behind your sculpted garments? What techniques do you make use of? What are the key fabrics you use?  I use crepes, georgette and organza. We take up homogenous techniques of sculpting and boning, using clean lines and embroideries. We bon the fabrics with the technique of corsetry so that the fabric becomes malleable and can be sculpted into different shapes. It’s like playing around with fabric manipulation, embroidery manipulation, sculpted fabrics,  and sculpted embroideries. It’s an abstract, playful process of turning something into very sophisticated and truly couture.  Does architecture inspire you? Yes, definitely architecture inspires me. I get inspired from something like Zaha Hadid’s architecture, and Aneesh Kapoor’s art. There is no direct inspiration but it stays in my subconscious and I think what inspires me somewhere is the experience as I visit a place. What are your views on sustainable fashion? I think it is the need of the hour and everyone should be working towards sustainable fashion. The way I do it is, I don’t use pure fabrics such as cotton and silks for most of the collections. The anti-pollution campaign that I did last year, thinking of the extreme situation that we are in today, we put oxygen exhaling plants all around our factory and the plastic that we use in the packaging is biodegradable fruit plastic. How do you think social media impacts you and your brand? Social media is the primary focus of communication for any brand. It allows direct communication with the clients or with media, and with public to make them understand the philosophy of the brand and things that are happening in the brand. Today, we can put something on Instagram, and the next day there might be 20 orders of the same. It does impactour brand hugely.  Walk us through your collection, Descend? Descend embodies all things futuristic, crystalline and wavy. The collection is inspired by the alignment of stars in a galaxy. We have employed experimental, textured elements and structures, drawing from the shape of a prism, and this construction is weaved in a way to make the woman wearing it seem more powerful. Curvilinear in form, the collection boasts of sharp details along with liberating as well as constrained silhouettes.  Birds, wings, feathers and waves, and the journey of being one with nature are explored through multi-dimensional composition and forms, adding an eclectic vibe to sophisticated couture. Indigenous boning and sculpting techniques of the brand developed in-house all combine to enhance the plural dimensions of the pieces. We have witnessed a shift in your garments, from iconic Lightfall gown to illusion gown and to recent sculpted gown seen on Anjali Lama. So, what’s in pipeline? Currently, our focus is on menswear with GG man. We are looking at some exciting design collaborations in the coming months.  There is no ‘stop’ sign at the creative house of Louis Vuitton. When it comes to opulence and luxury, this fashion house is always ready to top the charts. Standing at just the middle of the year, it has already been tagged as the World’s Most Valuable Luxury Brand in 2019.  What is it that makes this fashion house unstoppable? Enter the LV House Louis Vuitton is now worth a staggering $47.2 billion USD. It can be owed in a large manner to its luxe leather goods and product creativity. The Parisian fashion house is a favourite and a go-to name for personalities across the globe. There is no denying to the fact that Virgil Abloh and Nicolas Ghesquière have played a helping hand in it. They have ushered in a new era - unmatched creative ideas and youthful essence.   In the recent runway collections, the brand has touched a new pinnacle of merging fashion with technology. You can now find fine accessories, hyped sneakers, all dipped in touches of luxury and glam with the unmatched vision of technical revolution.  LV’s new favourite: Technical Fashion Fashion is unstoppable so are the thought process and ideas of designers. Standing in the 21st century, it is quite obvious to expect the unexpected. Hence, the avant-garde goods by Louis Vuitton stand at a good height.  The fashion house unveiled some of its cutting edge OLED bags and AR technology. It showed off bags designed by Nicolas Ghesquière infused with the “Canvas of the Future”. This futuristic textile allows flexible three-dimensional displays of high-resolution imagery, showing off dynamic video screens embedded in the bags.  Remember Virgil Abloh’s second collection for LV where he presented a Michael Jackson inspired retro-vintage collection? He took it a notch higher with fibre optic-infused monochrome bags and light-bearing sneakers. They presented their own light show, not to forget, the little touch screens implemented on them. He surely had already stepped forward with his vibrant infusion of neon colours. Unveil of Secret Louis Vuitton’s unconditional love for technological advancements and insfusing them on their garments and accessories is, probably, the portal to their high-rated success. The idea of working that involves more machinery and automation with the final touch of glitz and bling makes it immediately aesthetic.  Nonetheless, no one can get enough of Louis Vuitton which is on the constant lookout to create some record-breaking collections. Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'Officiel India Jacquemus celebrated the completion of his design decade in the fashion industry. Going all the way to his home in the South of France, he created a vibrant pink runway in amidst a large field entirely blossomed by lush lavender. He played the card of extravaganza to mark his monumental decade in the industry. The Anatomy Jacquemus has bought fun and sexiness in the world of clothing and accessories. He has been like a breath of fresh air, giving styles that are both modish and a ‘little less serious’. Obviously, how can you expect a bag of only 6cm to be serious? A vision of a long, long runway in pink and lavender immediately clouds one into a world of poetic and artsy elements. This is where, the teeny tiny bags, overly gigantic hats and oversized coats do the action – they  lure you by being laden in summer hues and sharp tailoring amidst the flashy runway. That is the power of a nicely-arranged runway set; you can easily ‘not-hide’ your flaws. Pieces of elegance? The integrated collection of both menswear and womenswear confidently exhibited Jacquemus’s style and design game. The floral prints, pieces casually styled over plain white shirts, maxi dresses and bralettes, all gave a sophisticated yet laid-back style. He surely does know how to make the summer stylish and also ‘instagrammable’. The ambiance, the runway, the air had magical vibes through and through.  You could find everything in Jacquemus show. On one side, there were tiny bags that one wouldn’t possibly be able to even carry and on another side, gigantic bags that would let you keep things of all sizes. The gigantic bag was perched across the model’s shoulder and was also seen peeping from her slender size. The tall and young woman looked fierce with her bag - ready to take on the tough road. But, how could she fit through a doorway with that bag? Is something we surely wonder. Also, micro-mini bags slung across the neck that looked like a pendant would definitely make anyone a fashion enthusiast. But, where is realism? Big-sized headwear or large hats easily caught the limelight of the show. The gigantic design sculpture couldn’t be ignored at all. One could barely even see the human wearing it let alone the usability of the hat. Everything ‘too’ big or ‘too’ small have been lurking around for a while.  The hat is pleasing to look at and everything is modish about it. Are outer aesthetics the only foundation to remain in fashion? Jacquemus does not fail to enchant us with his artistic creations and goes out of his way to craft ensembles that immediately make him stand out from the crowd.  Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'Officiel India Rimless Shield: Fashion girls love this style, notable for its one continuous lens that extends across both eyes, for its glamorous over-sized proportions—and because you can totally skip makeup if you are wearing a pair of these shields. This year, some sunglass designers are doing away with frames entirely. Glasses with no frames tend to be more lightweight, and can easily pop into a clutch purse. Artistic Ones: These shades are the ones that demands to stand out in the crowd, thus we don’t recommend this style of sunglasses for the light-hearted at all. In this category, every single pair of glasses is a masterpiece of its own. Our personal favorites are the thunder glasses from the well-known brand Walter Van Beirendonck. Just take a look at that neon orange work of art and tell us you don’t feel that pull? Square Glasses: This summer let’s bet on some square shades, shall we? Because honestly, angular frames never really went out of fashion as they always had a place in the wardrobe of a street style lover.  And the best part is that they go with almost anything, from a delicate chic style to a punk rock look, they make everything seems cool. Cycling Sunnies: A seemingly simple piece of moulded or metal, capable of blocking harmful UV rays, is the right fit for your summer cycling scenes. For those who have already got themselves a few pairs of classics, colourful models can make for a surprisingly versatile addition to your anti-UV arsenal. The colours are bright and popping. With lenses tinted in colours as the frames, they are perfect for seeing life in yellow, red and blue. Micro Babes: To be very honest, this style of sunglasses started to make a comeback in late 2018 but we will go ahead and count it on our list of super trendy sunglasses of 2019. This style of sunglasses was first seen in the early ‘90s and we can bet every kid then, is nodding their head and silently agreeing to this statement today. Be it Britney Spears or Madonna, these sunglasses were the ‘it’ thing for the entertainment industry and pop culture.  Sports Wear: A great example of sporty eyewear are cycling and other sports-optimized sunglasses that we are currently witnessing on supermodel likes of Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid. Recently, SS19 also gave us a glimpse of some new eye gear which holds the potential of becoming a leading trend this year. Over the past few decades, the luxury brand Prada has proved itself as one of the top players in the world of fashion. And when we say this, it doesn’t seem like it plans on stopping that anytime soon.  With a bright smile and piercing eyes, Andie MacDowell, 60, has lost none of the charm that that made men swoon and women itching to be like her. Remember her in Four Marriages and a Funeral, Groundhog Day and Green Card? Even though she stepped away from the big screen to raise her children in California, she found a way to be close to fashion. We chatted with her about the capsule collection she designed for Un Jour Ailleurs. Excerpts: When did you first develop an interest in fashion? At 20, when I first started working as a model. I moved away from South Carolina to find work in New York, and then moved again to Paris where I lived for 18 months. It was the same time when I made it to the cover of L’Officiel. I, who was so American, walking about all day in my jeans and t-shirt, learnt how to put paint on my nails and, of course, lipstick. And red lipstick at that. It was also when I truly understood why French women where so fascinating to the rest of the world. They are naturally chic, thanks to their attention to detail. Isn’t that what you were looking to bring with this collection for Un Jour Ailleurs ? I was very honoured that they thought of me when they could have so easily chosen one who was a lot younger than me. I appreciate this choice at their end, very intelligent to take this stance during a time when one must continually remind oneself that getting older does not mean death. Moreover I adored the pieces they offered me, they absolutely reflected my style: classic yet comfortable. And what, from your experiences and time as an actor, influenced this collaboration? Most of the characters I had an opportunity to play were of gentle, loveable and accessible women. The look of this collection has a similar essence. They are absolutely comfortable and affable. If you were to choose a single piece form this collection, what would it be? The polka dotted dress, it is very French. Everything about it is soft and feminine. Which era, in terms of fashion, had inspired you the most? I think I am partial to the 1950s — classic designs but audacious, absolutely passionate. What is your definition of elegance? To be yourself. Style is a personal expression, a state of being. It is equally for that reason that I make certain not to judge, irrespective of what one’s look is. Especially nowadays, where people are sifted through the piercing opinion and looks of others. Clothes are just another way, like all others, to appreciate life, the same as a good meal or a lovely walk. According to you, is the durability of cloth essential to the protection of our environment, a cause to which you are quite attached? Yes, that is precisely why I am glad to be collaborating with Un Jour Ailleurs. The fabrics and materials used are of very good quality, the farthest from being part of industrial chain production. They are all pieces that one would want to last and they do. From an ecological point of view, we should not be okay with use and throw clothing. What fashion advice do you give to your daughters? The first is, of course, that they remain independent. And that they do not deprive themselves of it. Rainey is a singer, she has more of a rock’n’roll style, more eccentric. I prefer to not interfere. When it comes to Margaret, I always advise her to wear short skirts, she has such beautiful legs. But to no avail, she likes nothing but long dresses. The other day, she proudly announced that she had worn a pair of shorts for a show, and I congratulated her! Among actresses, who would be a model for you? Jane Fonda, for whom I have tremendous admiration. I love observing those older than me and at 80 she is simply magnificent. If only I could be like her at that age! You appear very zen about having turned 60. What is the secret of your serenity? Never ask for more attention than that which you have earned and cultivate confidence in yourself. Even at 60, it is paramount. I also exercise a lot. Sport is a part of my everyday life. It is beneficial for the mind just as much as it is for the body. Back in the first century, the  Roman philosopher Pliny expressed concern over the Roman people’s obsession with Indian textiles. The textile imports from the Gangetic plain were depleting Rome’s gold reserves. One of the reasons for this trade imbalance was the import of a very particular fabric whose legend dated back to antiquity. Popularly known as ‘morning dew’ and ‘woven air,’ the Dacca Muslin was a highly sought after fabric, especially among royalty and nobility. It is mentioned in the Mahabharata that Yudhisthira received muslin as a precious gift and in Arthashastra, ‘Kautilya’ mentions that the finest handlooms came from the ‘Vanga’ province which is near the present day Dhaka. The Mughal rulers patronised muslin and the Dacca muslin was a part of the official tribute sent by the Governor of Bengal to the Mughal Emperor at Delhi.  It is interesting to understand the reasons that catapulted muslin into the fabric hall of fame. Talking about the special qualities of muslin, Aroop Rakshit of Mahatma Gandhi Gramodyog Sewa Sansthan says, “It is very difficult to make muslin, as it made from a particular strain of cotton called photee kapas, which only grows in the Brahmaputra valley. Since this is a short staple cotton, only women with nimble fingers could weave the yarn. The yarn was made in the early hours of the morning because that was the only period when the humidity and temperature were suitable. This made production really slow but the fabric had a thread count of 1,500-1,600 which is a lot more than the 500 thread count that we can make today.” Historical sources reveal that the premium muslin was weaved in Bangladesh and in the Nadia and Burdwan districts of West Bengal. The British took an interest in Muslin as they were invested in the cotton trade. Forbes J Watson, a British researcher who was conducting research in India in the 19th century, said, ‘With all our machinery and wondrous appliances, we have been unable to produce a fabric which for its fineness and utility can compare to the ‘woven air’ of Dhaka.  The production of muslin was a sore point for the British. Aroop says, “The British tried to steal the technology behind the production of muslin. When they realised that the process could not mechanised or made in a mill, they used taxes and duties to destroy local production. A 25 per cent duty was imposed on export of Indian muslin. The weavers could only sell the cotton to the East India Company at a price that was decided by the company officials. On the flipside, the British imported cheap duty free cotton from Manchester and dumped in the Indian market. The technology is gone and today no muslin is produced in Bangladesh. It is now manufactured in India in Burdwan and Nadia.” Production process The production process for Dacca muslin was highly intricate and was subject to the harvesting of the crop during favourable weather. A large group of artisans worked together closely to finish this process. Spinning was done with a spindle, rather than the commonly used wheel, to ensure finer yarn. The Dacca muslin yarn was perhaps the supreme example of the triumph of manual skill over mechanised production, for tests clearly established that, both in terms of the fineness of the yarn, as well as the durability of the cloth (because of the greater number of twists in the yarn), the Dacca muslin was superior to the finest machine-made cloth in Europe. Aroop adds, “When the English came they destroyed all the information regarding the manufacture of this particular strain of muslin. One of the steps we have taken to revive production is by reverting to production in mud houses. This allows us to control the temperature and humidity.” A jaw of a particular fish was used to make the fine and thin yarn. The main steps of spinning, carding and weaving were done with utmost care and it took months to produce a single piece of muslin.  Great revival  Though it is no longer possible to manufacture the famous muslin of the past, there have been efforts by the West Bengal Government to revive the lost art of producing the fabric. Samrat Saha, a major retailer of muslin says, “The government set up Biswa Bangla to boost awareness about muslin. If sales increase, the benefits will accrue to weavers and artisans. Many shoppers prefer muslin and its rarity has increased demand. The delicate silk like cotton takes months to weave and is naturally quite expensive. With a growth in sales, weavers stand to earn more money but not enough to convince their children to continue in the profession.” Speaking about the condition of weavers Aroop adds, “The main issue is that even today weavers, spinners and farmers are not getting a lion’s share of sales. If a muslin sari sells for Rs. 12,000, less than 50 per cent of that  reaches the producers as the bulk of the money goes into administrative expenses.”  Fashion forward Bengal handlooms like muslin are back in fashion and have grown popular in foreign markets. Speaking of handloom exports, Samrat said, “We frequently export muslin to foreign markets. Our store has an online presence from where we export to global buyers. Today, we have diversified into muslin wall hangings and decorative pieces. There are also new motifs and designs emerging in jamdani. There was a decline, but muslin has come back in a big way.” Perhaps, the legendary fabric will in time reclaim its status as the pride of India.  Attention to detail and her idea to explore the unexplored led Ruchika Sachdeva, founder of Bodice to achieve her dreams. Her ideas are not made up of cliché techniques or hackneyed embellishments, but rather are a combination of stories that reflect her ideologies of keeping the designs crisp and tenuous.  As I sat down for a conversation with her, I could inhale a breath of fresh air from the  freshly cut grass of the garden that surrounds her studio. I also noticed clothes stacked neatly on clean cut wooden racks, as she told me about the idea of creating a moodboard. Excerpts from the interview: When did you decide to get into fashion designing? As a child, I was always creative and I knew I always wanted to do something that involved creating things. Fashion or textile design was something that I had awareness about because that time, in India, people were not really aware about any other creative field. I, then, went to complete my education from  the London College of Fashion and that was when I really fell in love with it. From there, I started to understand the whole idea of expression through what you wear and how what you wear speaks about you and how it is a way of communicating without opening your mouth.
	  Take us through your inspirational board for pre-fall 2019? Pre-fall was the evolution of the binding story which is what we have been working on for a few seasons so, it is all about geometry, lines, and there is a bit of architecture that seeps in. We also developed a fabric in Kathmandu which was wool cashmere which is hand woven and besides that, we took forward the kantha technique a little bit. I used recycled thread to do kantha and created omething that creates a texture. The idea was to create something that can transform women from day to night, that makes them feel comfortable, that is relevant, and that is going to stay in their wardrobes for years and repeat over time. Pleats form an important part of each of your collection. Why is that? I have always liked lines and geometry and pleats are exactly that. It is also a wonderful way to create volume in garments. So, it also helps you to play with structure. For me, it is all what clothes are about. You give volume somewhere, while you strict, nip, and struck somewhere. I am personally very attracted to them and I am constantly looking for ways to evolve and use them in different ways. Did you get inspired from the concept of a sari? Yes, we started with sari pants, which is something I made a few years back and that was quite lovely to take those pleats eventually into clothes and see how we could take it forward. Did these techniques help you win the Woolmark prize?  We applied these and then it was the process of creating one outfit for the regional round held in Dubai. Fortunately, we won and then eventually it involved the whole collection. For me, I wanted to incorporate everything that I have done till now and all the things that I love about Bodice in that one collection. I wanted to distil it so, it meant all the places that I had traveled to earlier to develop the textile. I incorporated merino wool and other textiles that I love from India. Then, we went into the final round and we won. Post that, it really opened a lot of doors for us because we had never done internationally that big so, people did not know about us and it created a lot of awareness around about the brand. We now retail globally which is great to be doing that.
	  The mother is the creator of the world renowned label, while the son is the business head of the label which has touched millions of hearts across the globe. And what happens when the mother and son duo get in together? Of course, all is peaceful. The House of Anita Dongre has till date, dressed Kate Middleton, former first lady of the U.S., Hillary Clinton, and Canada’s first lady, Sophie Gregoire Trudeau and well, 2019 looks very bright for the label. How? Here are excerpts from the interview: Tell us some of the key projects that you are working on for the year? What are we looking forward to? Anita: We are continuously working on creating new designs and showcase four-six seasonal collections in a year which keep us plenty busy. However, this year, I intend on optimising our sustainability project in villages under the Anita Dongre Foundation. This year, we intend to expand our reach to four more villages. Under our sustainability initiative, that runs on the belief of empowering women, we train unskilled labour and further provide them with sustained, gainful employment opportunities close to their homes. Yash: Since the launch of our store in New York early last year and the love that we received, we plan on expanding the business in the U.S., while entering new markets and opening more stores internationally as well as in India. Every person has different sets ofideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy? Luckily for us, even though we come from different generations, we think alike and have similar goals. Communication is key and through conversation, we usually come to a decision collectively. When working on a project or ideas, how do you both come to a conclusion? Are the decisions amicable or do they end up in a debate? While we always share ideas and varied viewpoints with each other, I believe it is our division of work and aligned vision that helps the decision making process easier. While my work day involves product and design, Yash heads marketing and focuses on business development. Tell us about some skills that you have learned from each other. Anita: By nature, I’m fairly impatient and anxious. Yash, on the other hand, is remarkably level headed and with time, I am learning to be calmer from him. Yash: My mother is my idol. Growing up, I have always looked up to her and her work. Her passion, hard work, discipline, and her drive to keep doing more is something I truly admire. Her deep-rooted morals and values have influenced and guided not just me but it has translated into the company’s values as well. What is the most annoying thing about each other? Anita: I am trying to teach Yash the value of time. When I say 8:30 for a meeting, I am there at 8:30 whereas Yash is still on his way to getting there. Yash: She’s a creative soul and her mind is always bursting with so many ideas, constantly running in top gear. In times like these, I have to remind her to take a pause to align her thoughts, focus on what is on the plate and to not take on too much at one time. Medium Kate by Saint Laurent takes a classic, twists it and turns it into a modern accessory. The inspiration Created for Spring/Summer 2019 collection, designer Anthony Vaccarello took inspiration from legendary bag, Kate to create Medium Kate. He has upgraded the accessory a new look, sometimes sobre and classic, sometimes pop and offbeat.  The make Available in two sizes, it comes in different versions, including metallic leather, multi-coloured pattern, aged effect, velvet embroidery with gold thread or starred patches.  The medium size in this Saint Laurent classic kate bag is just so lovely! The space is apt to carry your keys, lip products, makeup, phone, compact, key pouch, card case and all other little things. And also, you can easily access in and out of this thing because of the magnetic closure (which is very strong in its part). The look The bag comes with an embellished chain to be carried on the shoulder. Presented with the initials YSL in metal, it has a timeless vintage elegance. It fits perfectly in the spirit of the Spring/Summer collection, each look of which is an expression of a strong and dynamic individuality that mixes elements from different eras. For organization, Saint Laurent Classic Kate bag comes with a small patch pocket for keys, gloss or cash and card slots for all your essential cards. A perfect nesting option for travel when you want to keep your luggage at a minimum and avoid bringing multiple bags. Just stow inside another bag to save on space. The strong chain detailing comes across as a suitable option that can enhance any outfit. The versatile colour selection and texture selections available offer one to choose from far and varied to look ravishing.  Shining and velvety, it is the direct extension of this collection that twists. Its masculine-feminine look is a tribute to Helmut Newton. When Riccardo Tisci was appointed as Burberry’s creative director, the only question that rang amongst the minds of fashion enthusiasts: ‘What would he do to save Burberry and its sales? How would the signature checks be saved from plagiarists?’ All of them had their bar of doubts raised up along with hopes. But, a fact was assured that some massive storm is out there to either hit at or be created by this infamous British house. Since, the intake of the brand by Riccardo Tisci, it has only gotten better with time. His recent unveiling of the monogram collection legitimately touched expectations of a positive and empowered society. All of the pieces are categorized by four distinct personalities borne out of Tisci’s imagination: the Girl, the Boy, the Lady, and the Gentleman. The most encouraging part of this concept was all of the roles were played by a woman. Gigi Hadid morphed into all of these four characters. It is, probably, one of the finest and uplifting campaigns to happen. A giant powerhouse like Burberry operating in all accessible regions showed that a woman can play all roles, supporting empowerment, equality and fluidity. Isn’t it beautiful watching a woman powerfully playing multiple roles? This campaign, maybe, concentrated more on the monogram but the portrayal of a  XX chromosome handling all roles and creating a prominent space in life can’t be ignored. The world of fashion has always guaranteed empowerment and strength to all of its customers ranging from LGBTQ to the straight gender communities or at least, tried to. When words fail, fashion has always arrived as a global messenger. At least, that’s what we were conveyed, weren’t we? This industry has the capacity and responsibility to use its influence to positively impact and make women strong and this change is visible. Tisci spoke a lot through this campaign-the constant reminder and positive lesson of a Palestinian woman, having the dare to fit into all works stated by the society, clearly celebrating Beyonce’s iconic hit-‘Who run the world? Girls’. Story by: Tejashee Kashyap - Intern at L'Officiel India Rajesh Pratap Singh, the building pioneer to the Indian fashion industry, boasts an illustrious career, spanning over more than two decades within the fashion industry. Having launched his namesake label in 1997, the iconic designer has overseen the growth of his brand from being a signature label to a luxury fashion empire. In an exclusive with L’Officiel India, designer Rajesh Pratap Singh talks about his minimalistic approach and how he has managed to create some revolutionary designs, with his distinctive signature style. Why did you decide to choose fashion designing as a career? What according to you is a favourite part of being a fashion designer? I wouldn’t say I chose to be designer, it just happened to me. The fact that we can experiment on a daily basis is the part I love most about my work. What inspires your design aesthetics? Where do you get visual references from? Again, inspiration is a very big word but at the same time it is overused so we don’t like to use it at all. Our visual references are from small towns in rural India, travel, nature, the mountains….. Your signature style is minimal, like a detox diet, with clean cuts and flawless detailing. How you’ve maintained it? Do you think less is more? We just do what we do. I feel I wouldn’t like my work to be put in a box called minimalism or maximalism. We just do what comes naturally and don’t think of how it will be perceived. The minute we have any extra time, we already move on to the next collection and that’s how we like it. You create innovative designs with minimal styling. Is it easy to sell them in an Indian market consumed by bling? India is a vast country with varied tastes and not everybody in India is for a specific style. Again, we do what we do and we don’t really change for what is popular or unpopular or for a certain market. You’ve been the Woolmark Company’s ambassador for India. Tell us about that association and your work with Bhuttico. Woolmark is a credible organisation which is not only supporting wool growers in Australia but also giving an impetus to young design talent all over the world. It has always been a pleasure to work with them. Bhuttico is a cooperative of wool weavers in Kullu. Based in an idyllic setting in the middle of an orchard. It has a great management, diversity in weaver participation and we are happy and proud to work with them. How has it been dealing with artisanal craft and manpower intensive handloom weaves? It’s been interesting. Rewarding in many ways. What are your thoughts on the future of sustainable fashion? Sustainability is not just about fashion. It is a dire need and a way of life. I am sick and tired about people talking about sustainable fashion. Each and every industry needs to be sustainable and so do we in our daily lives. We are not trying to make a brand being dependent on the crutch of sustainability. We are not about sustainable fashion in the limited sense it is understood to be. For us a product defying trend and sustaining decades of time is also minimising our carbon footprint. There are so many facets to this. What do you consider the important facets of the fashion industry? What skills according to you are necessary for a successful fashion designer? In our opinion, a lot of perseverance, ruthless editing and sticking to one’s ideologies coupled with the will to constantly experiment. These would hold one in good stead in this sphere. Success means different things to different people and you need to define what success means to you. From Jean Paul Gaultier, Valentino to Givenchy, most spectacular work have been created and inspired by environmental shapes and forms. Fashion and environmental shapes are both visually driven expressions of nonverbal expression. The two creative entities go hand in hand when it comes to elements like proportion, geometry, sculpture, or fluidity. Either of them could turn into an inspiration for the other. We bring to you different styles and patterns that have inspired some designers and their collections. GEOMETRICAL Seen at: Chanel, Jean Paul Gaultier, Maison Margiela, Givenchy, Valentino, and Paco Rabanne Geometrical pattern derives its origination from abstract form of art based on the use of shapes, integrated into non-objective compositions. Although avant-garde artists favoured the category in the early twentieth century, similar motifs are being used in fashion since olden times. In fashion, geometry is a formative idea. Since the very beginning of the fashion history, it has been used as design tool. It is most common character found. The application includes the use of simple geometric shapes and forms. Like the style technique of Jean Patou was never usual, but full of originality and characterized by geometric motifs, clean lines and mixture of luxury and practicality, designed to glorify the new trend for the outdoor life, and bore a remarkable similarity to modern sportswear, which brought him fame, particularly in the American markets. CURVILINEAR Seen at: Elie Saab, Ronald van der Kemp and Viktor & Rolf, Giambattista Valli A design pattern that is marked by flowing tracery in a two-dimensional form drawing an unbroken curved line. These lines mostly form abstract patterns such as swirls, spirals, circles and S- shapes which influence the art of surface ornamentation.  The circle, throughout history has often been reckoned as a symbol of completion and perfection, while the S-curve, named after the mathematical function, forming the basis of design since the Classical period. ABSTRACT Seen at: Yohji Yamamoto, Thom Browne, Versus Versace, Marc Jacobs It is a form of art that does not constitute an accurate depiction of a visual reality but instead use shapes, colours, forms and gestural marks to achieve its effect. The term has been applied in fashion, where forms have been simplified or schematised. It is often seen in fashion as carrying a dimension, in that it can be seen to stand for virtues. The Abstract Expressionism movement began in the 1940s in New York City after World War II. From Chanel’s artfair- style runway to dress abstracts combination of abstract art and high-quality clothing, the special relationship between the same-but-different worlds of art and fashion is becoming very lucrative. FLUIDITY Seen at: Alexis Mabille, Berardi, Guo Pei, Armani Prive, Alexandre Vauthier The form focuses on continuity and liquidity of design elements to create a visually striking art piece. The visual flow carries the viewer’s eye through the design in a way that all the important elements receive prominence, and nothing snags the vision or causes the viewer to lose sense of the piece. A group of artists called the “Futurists” attempted to show movement in their artworks in an aesthetic fashion. Because the Futurist movement took place in the early 1900’s, the technologies that they were interested in may seem quite antiquated by our modern standards. By using multiple brushstrokes and repetitive marks, it created a feeling of action into their paintings. Today, designers like Givenchy and Valentino use draping techniques inherited from the Greeks to represent fluidity in their work. The return of Sergio Rossi to limelight was revealed to us when we visited its ateliers in the Émilie- Romagne region in Italy. Sergio Rossi is a name that requires no introduction anymore. And even though the brand had been, in a manner of speaking, collecting dust in the beginning of the 21st century, it has, for two years now, come back to life, thanks to its Living Heritage project. It resulted in the brand looking into its history resulting in the creation of some irresistible model for today. This has resulted in a turnover of 62 million euros in 2017. This comeback is explained when we go back to San Mauro Pascoli, the birthplace of famous Italian poet Giovanni Pascoli, located on the shores of the Adriatic Sea in the beautiful region of Émilie-Romagne. A few paces from the seaside city of Rimini, the legendary landscape chosen by Fellini for Amarcord. This is where Sergio Rossi was born in 1935. It was also in San Mauro Pascoli that these shoes were created, in a factory spread in 10,000 square metres with 7,000 square metres for commercial and creative offices. This factory is one of the most well executed in the domain of Italian shoemaking, which fell victim to a rapid drop in activity at the turn of the millennium, before it was reborn from its ashes in 2016. SUPERSTAR MODEL The label has found its sheen again and it is, first, thanks to its CEO, Riccardo Sciutto. When, at the end of 2015, the financial group Investindustrial bought over all of Sergio Rossi from the Kering group, and as of the spring of 2016 he was in full control of the brand. And extravert and enthusiastic person, Sciutto decided to release, “this beauty from the sleeping forest” of oblivion which the mark had stumbled into some years ago. “My drive comes from the story of my family,” he said. As it were his grandmother was running a fashion boutique in 1950, where one could purchase fur and cashmere, his parents had contributed to the expansion of the store and also opened up a factory for the same, where their did work for other houses as well such as Max Mara. He began is individual journey in fashion by working first for Calvin Klein and then moving on to Pomellato and Hogan. He continues in the calm, sunlit setting of his offices in San Mauro Pascoli, “One should not change products every season, even the least liked ones, because then clients will not know you for being loyal. It is better to remain coherent and observant, change things around and perfect certain lines.”  His mantra?  “Whenever you do something do it to the best of your ability, and be read to take anything in your stride.”  His objective?  “To be inspired by then young Sergio Rossi, the past of the house, while reconciling that with the reality of the numbers game.” And don’t forget about the designer desire to make shoes available to women all hours of the day and night. Model and activist Teddy Quinlivan uses new platforms to prepare the LGBTQ community against its detractors.  In 2015, Teddy was discovered by Nicolas Ghesquière, creative director of Louis Vuitton. It was a revelation that propels her into the world  of fashion, where she scrolls for the most beautiful houses. In her early days, no one realised that she is a transgender model. In 2017, she decided to claim respect for the LGBT community and declared herself to be transsexual in an interview for a news channel. An act of courage that jeopardised her established relationships with some fashion houses. “Many did not agree, they were not sure if it was the right time to be represented by a transsexual activist. And I, at the same time, did not feel comfortable working with them,” she says. Her presence on the runways, alongside other transgender or non-gendered models such as Valentina Sampaio, Andreja Pejic or Oslo Grace, is a proof that beauty has no gender. But, since now, fashion and media are becoming more comfortable to deal with gender issues, but a populist negative wave is also spreading to some countries, such as Brazil, where violence against them is increasing. In the United States as well, President Donald Trump’s policy stigmatises the LGBT community.  Raised in Worcester, a small town near Boston, Teddy knew very early what hatred and ignorance are. Still, in the shoes of a boy, she practised snowboard racing in the mountains of Vermont. It was her way of escaping the abuse she suffered at school. Teddy began her hormonal treatment as a teenager. She convinced her parents that she is basically a woman and hence, they ended up sending her to a girls’ boarding school. At 17, she began her modelling career by moving to New York, where she faced the dark side of the industry. She was the victim of sexual harassment by some photographers and casting directors. Last year, she used her Instagram account to reveal the story. “I did not expect that during my first season, a casting director could propose to put me on the cover of magazines in exchange for sexual favours, or that a stylist could make me put my hand in the buttocks during a photo shoot or even that a photographer could pinch my breast,” she writes in a message, after the #metoo storm. “Women do not feel confident in this industry. We need a change. But, nothing will happen if the people who work in this industry remain indifferent.” Teddy is currently living in Paris. She loves her new home in the Marais district. “There is some other feel in Paris. When I lived in the United States, I felt accepted by the LGBT community, but not by the straight community. Here, I feel accepted by all.”  She says that for now fashion is the right platform to make her voice heard. “When I was young, I wanted to be a spy and work for the CIA and solve difficult cases. Now, I am passionate about journalism. I have started to understand its potential in this era.” “Many fashion houses were not sure if it was the right time to be represented by a transsexual when I came out of the closet. And I, at the same time, did not feel comfortable working with them.” 
	  Change isn’t easy. No one likes to change. But because change is the only constant in a world where nothing stays static, so must fashion whether one likes it or not. Triomphe may be as modern as a bag can be, but it takes its inspiration from ancient architecture. The inspiration 
	The bag takes its name from the Parisian monument, L’Arc de Triomphe. The story goes something like this: in 1972, the car of Céline Vipiana, the founder of the brand, broke down near the famous square, and his attention was caught by the chains that surround the monument. The clasp, representing the two Cs is inspired by this chain. It is since then used on its bags, jewels and shoes. The look
	Triomphe is the first bag to be designed by Hedi Slimane, the newely appointed artistic, creative and image director for the House of Céline. It was showcased at the Spring/Summer 2019 collection by the House of Céline. With its logo inspired by Céline Viapiana’s creations in the 1970s, it has a sophisticated retro look. Created September last year, it was showcased along with two other bags, 16 and C.  Measuring 22 cm by 16.5 cm, the easiest way to give you a better idea of how it looks is just to compare it to the Classic. When put side by side, the Classic is slightly shorter compared to the Triomphe’s slimmer and taller profile. You could even say this is the ‘more is more’ version of the Classic. The variants
	Available in three sizes, the bag comes with a wide choice of colours including (but not limited to) black, red, nude, white, grey, burgundy, tan and navy blue. Its another variant is the bi-material and two-tone version, which is available in white and tan, white and burgundy, white and navy blue. It gives different looks depending upon, which two-tone version are you opting for. A cloud of whipped tutti frutti cream, a bud of electro flower—in the world of Japanese designer Tomo Koizumi’s designs are unstructured, uninhibited and unique. Has fashion found its new genius?, between 50 and 80 metres of fabric is needed on an average  to create a single silhouette. The centrepiece worn by Gwendoline Christie in the first show of Koizumi, held in New York last February, had 200 metres of pink organza, mint water and yellow chick. It took a lot of time to be created because of its intrinsic details. The bands of ruffles were created one by one from a chart of 400 colours, before being assembled on the sewing machine according to the pattern—more or less self-absorbed. Thanks to British stylist Katie Grand that Tomo’s work was revealed. His rapid evolution towards ever more spectacular pieces was initially encouraged by one of Katie’s friend and British fashion designer Giles Deacon on Instagram. His work is one-of-a-kind, operative and obviously moving towards couture. It was January when Tomo received a call from American fashion designer Marc Jacob. The calls never stopped. He got calls from  hairdresser Guido Palau, makeup artist Pat McGrath, Rowan Blanchard, Emily Ratajkowski, Bella Hadid and Gwendoline Christie. The fate was cast, the show was to take place at the Marc Jacobs store on Madison Avenue, New York on February 8. The event was largely relayed by guests on social networks, tripling the number of subscribers on Tomo’s Instagram account. His collection soon became the centre of unanimous critics and attracted buyers such as Dover Street Market and Net-a-Porter. It all began with Tomo starting as a costume designer in 2012 while continuing his entertainment activities in Tokyo. In 2016, she dressed Lady Gaga in an unstructured ballet dress. His work which is an aesthetic of excess, perfectly represents the new maximalism, in opposition to the formal monasticism of 2010, which had begun to spring London. The two examples, we can cite are, when the designer Molly Goddard lay her eyes on a tulle dress. This trend was confirmed by the first collections of Matty Bovan, who is the protégé of Katie Grand. With these creators, Tomo shares the same desire to redefine the “pop” conquering woman. The House of Chanel has done something that has never been attempted before. It’s also the last to come from legendary Karl Lagerfeld. The Legend
	Karl Lagerfeld knew how to spark a trend. Chanel’s latest, the Side Pack, fast becoming an obsession since its release during the spring/summer 2019 show. It comes on the heels of 2.55, Boy, Gabrielle and Chanel 31 collection. The Make
	Crafted with quilted lamb, the Side-Pack is actually a duo of bags. With closed flaps with iconic double C that crosses each side, it is launched at the right time because cross-body bags have made a comeback. The Details
	With two interlaced chain shoulder straps in leather, it slips like a v-neck from either side. With three sizes, it not only comes in signature Chanel bag colours— black, white, beige—but also in lemon yellow and red. Functional yet elegant. We'd seen it at Fendi and Balenciaga, but it was Chanel's spring/summer 2018 show that really started the two-bag trend. The legendary designer unveiled the bags of the season amidst a galore of images, the campaign brings to life the new side pack in quilted lambskin. And although the look gave us all an excuse to purchase two Chanel bags instead of one. In the quest of all-things ultra-modern and casually chic, the side pack takes center stage, shining with originality, functionality, and elegance. The best part of it all? The handy bag can take you from day to night in sheer style, whether you’re simply wearing an iconic tweed jacket and denim trousers, or you’re going full-on style with a suit or an evening gown. The flap bags in quilted terry toweling, on the other hand, evoke the timeless sophistication for which the French Maison is known, all the while blending it with vibrant colors and a shoulder strap that slips on like the straps of a backpack.  In contemporary fashion, pocket squares have emerged as the perfect fashion accessory for the well-heeled man. Pocket squares are best used when you want to dress up, but avoid the stuffiness of a tie. It gives your outfit a dressier look and feel. Whether you’re a pocket square aficionado or just a dabbler in latest trends,  almost every man should have pocket squares in their wardrobe.  This tiny accessory has become ubiquitous over the last few years with international celebrities such as Jon Hamm, Justin Timberlake, Hugh Jackman, donning pocket squares for their red carpet appearances. The pocket square has evolved over the years, going from serving a more utilitarian purpose into a fun and experimental one. At the same time, this accessory has remained synonymous with old-world charm and one can easily choose that’s more traditional. But how to choose is not a stead fast rule. Selecting the right one can be a task though.  As this trend gets bigger, everybody is getting into the pocket-square business, from suit makers to fashion brands. Designer Raghavendra Rathore feels that style does not depend only on clothes. Important details such as accessories are critical in rounding off and refining the complete look. Very few bespoke houses offer customised pocket squares, that allow the customer’s personalities to be truly represented. “The clients with us get an opportunity to custom-make the design of their pocket squares as a reflection of true individual style. They can choose from an eclectic array of handcrafted pocket squares, made of the finest materials and highly skilled workmanship creating these gems. While keeping it in the classic space, one can add so much fun to it because of the way it  can be made in different styles, colours, and prints,” adds Raghavendra. Pocket squares are always a great way to add some colour and panache to your overall looks. Another interesting way of wearing a pocket square, which has gained momentum, is wearing two of them in different textures and colours to make a unique statement. It can uplift even the simplest of suits. “I believe that men tend to play safe when it comes to dressing up. Their choice of colours oscillates between blacks, whites and blues. Pocket squares can change the game altogether—these petite accents can completely change the look, make it more bright, fun while making a statement. We love experimenting with our pocket squares by giving them an edgy twist using chunky studs, embellishments and sharp stellar detailing,” says designer Gaurav Gupta. The Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon said on his show that, if you’re not wearing a pocket square, you’re not doing justice to your suit. He was tired of seeing staffers stuff their iPhones into their blazer pockets. So, he initiated a mini drive to make a pocket dial case for iPhone users. A pocket square was sewed to a back cover, also supporting two interiors pockets for purposes like business cards or wallets.  Isn’t it an art piece completely changing the usage of a back case and making it an adornment piece? It’s time to bring this seemingly simple accessory out of the closet and let your fashion sense run riot with it. 
	  The fashion label Ermanno Scervino founded in 2000, marries creative origination with Italian craftsmanship to produce its exquisite collection. The name, has become symbolic with international style and tailor made Italian quality. The Italian luxury design house range includes, Ermanno Scervino Women’s collection, Men’s collection, Junior collection, Street collection and Lingerie and Beachwear.  Ermanno Scervino is a brand that believes in an effortless amalgamation of  impeccable Italian designs with timeless yet statement pieces. In an exclusive interview with L’Officiel india, Ermanno Scervino discuss about the intellectual and conceptual Italian approach. How would you describe your signature style? As a couture-à-porter, which means ready to wear, designed and handcrafted for women with the same techniques of haute couture. I design clothes for a free, strong, emancipated and independent woman, who likes to mix mannish and ultra-feminine items to create her own, personal style. I aim to enhance the wearer’s personality, and not to overwhelm it. I’m at the service of female beauty, and perhaps that’s what women appreciate the most in my creations. What according to you is the favourite part of being a fashion designer? It’s the job I dreamt doing since I was a child, so I like all of it. I love the creative part, when it comes to pick the best materials and to arrange them with the most innovative artisanal techniques. And, of course, I love to see a celebrity walking down a red carpet wearing one of my creations. Sure, there are difficult moments as well. Today, we are required to propose a new collection every six months, so we need to work really fast, while creativity and quality should actually need more time. But balancing all the pros and cons, I can affirm that there is no other job I would prefer, to this one. The designs you create are well skilled and extraordinary. What inspires you while creating such designs? The sources of inspiration can be very varied: I can be inspired by the aesthetics of a movie, by the atmospheres of a book, or by many other things. Having the privilege of living and working in a city full of art like Florence, it can also derive from the lines of a sculpture or by some stained-glass windows. Moving my ideas into materials, colours and shapes is then the most complex part. What kind of ethics you believe in following, while working in the fashion industry? I like to enhance women’s femininity, with items that underline their beauty without overwhelming it. Sensuality should derive from a game of see-through, without vulgar exposures of the body. But most importantly, I always aim at perfection. Working at the service of female beauty means offering them only the best, in terms of fabrics, creativity and quality. What are the important facets of the fashion industry? I think every designer has its personal and important facets. Mine, like I said, are a sensual femininity and artisanal techniques. There are, anyway, some important issues that all the fashion industry has to face since a couple of years. One of these is sustainability. We have to create products that are as eco-friendly as possible, already starting from a non-polluting production. I have started this path since the latest seasons, creating eco-furs instead of real ones and changing the packaging in my stores with a biodegradable and ecological one. What are your greatest strengths and weaknesses? Well, there is one thing I always say: I’m not used to sending flowers to myself. Which means I always tend to see the flaws in my work, and almost never the good things? This is both a strength and a weakness. Sure enough, it allows me to work always better, constantly trying to get one step closer to perfection. But on the other hand, it becomes kind of an obsession, which leads to a constant dissatisfaction.   How do you accept criticism and the last lesson you learned? As I said, I’m my self’s first critic. So, I always try to take the positive things out of criticism and to turn it into something positive for my work.  How would you relate past and present fashion trends? And how would you distinct the two fashion cities, Milan and Paris in terms of style? I often look at the past as a source of inspiration. The great divas of Italian and Hollywood movies are my references for glamour and style. I think my SS’19 collection is a perfect example of how I balance past and present in my work, and it’s why a called the collection “Futuristic retro”. I took some elements from the past, like the mannish suits worn by Marlene Dietrich or the oversized sweaters worn by Marilyn Monroe and turned them into modern items, perfect for the woman of today. Thanks to the very innovative techniques, like the glazed wet-effect, which projected these traditional items not only in the present, but in the future as well. Tell us something about your target audience? What is particular about your relationship with your clientele in the Middle East? Middle East clients really appreciate my brand, but I actually find that my clientele shares a common aesthetic taste all over the world, from Florence to London or Baku to Dubai. These women have an international taste, an innate femininity and are in search for a unique beauty. They are demanding in terms of quality and attention to detail. Exactly what we offer with our items, 100 per cent made in Italy, tailor made and created with the most modern techniques. Can you tell us about your inspirations for the next season? The Fall Winter season will be sparkling. I decided to renew the game between masculine and feminine by adding crystals and precious stones – a girl’s best friends – to mannish fabrics like Prince of Wales or Hounds tooth. The result is extremely modern and defines a new femininity, absolutely shining and sensual. Silvia Tcherassi has seamlessly married fashion and hospitality. It’s not for nothing that her label is termed as prêt-à-couture. Slowly and gradually, Silvia Tcherassi is reclimbing the ladder as she wishes to secure her name on the top. With over 25 years of experience in the fashion industry, where she was mostly fan followed in and around Columbia, she has now recently burst into the American scene. In 2017, she launched her eponymous label and as they say, the cat was out of the bag. But, initially what influenced her? As a little girl, she would always play mix and match, trying different clothes that helped inculcate a sense of fashion in her. She tells us, “I used to try my mother’s clothes and would transform my dad’s shirts using shoulder pads and big belts. I even created my very own fragrance combining various perfumes.” As she grew up, she went on to pursue a diploma in interior design and alongside played with a lot of elements to produce a garment. As she describes, “In a natural and organic way, my brand was born.” Silvia is a lady who was born to never stop. She pursued her dreams, followed her passion, and strived to do what she liked. She is not just a fashion designer, but also an interior designer and a published author. She had always set her priorities straight which is when initially she decided to hone her skills and maintain her focus on fashion and as they say, never looked back. Silvia whole-heartedly followed it. Effortless Elegance, as she titled her book, speaks volumes about her experiences in the fashion industry. Writing the book helped her to spread her wings and speak about following ones dreams. She might just publish another book very soon. With her designs, she transports us back to the era of everything voluminous. With inspiration driven from the ’70s and ’80s, her brand is an extension of her own style philosophy. But, what inspires her designs? “Colombia, especially the Caribbean region where I was born and raised. My Caribbean roots are an important component of my brand’s DNA.” This is why you can notice vibrant energy and optimistic spirit of her people imprinted in her collections. Ruffles, fluid silhouettes and the artistic handle of colours and prints have been her trademark since her beginning as a designer 30 years ago. Today, she believes, they are more current than ever. Her design process begins when she selects her fabrics. She creates samples and tries to build links between them. She likes playing with a lot of different colours, patterns, and textures. According to her, “Fashion needs to be playful and joyful.” But fashion is not the only thing that interests her. After showcasing her collections at several fashion weeks, she decided to translate her vision and step into hospitality industry. She remembers the time when brands such as Armani, Versace and Bulgari had forayed into the concept of fashion hotels, and she realised how she would be able to create a balance between fashion and lifestyle. This very thought made her open the doors of her very own hotel chain, Tcherassi Hotels. Her first luxury hotel in Cartagena is housed in a colonial building and as she began with the creative process, she first started as a lab test to put herself to realise if her vision would relate to interior design. With the building regarded as a UNESCO heritage site, she wished to play around with elements that turned out to be respectful but fashionable at the same time. Taking us through the interiors, she explains, “There are a lot of fashion touch ups. We designed hanging lamps using delicate lace, the bed decorative accents are crafted using my brand labels and care instruction labels creating a beautiful texture and napkins are artistically folded as a blouse, amongst other details. In addition, the rooms were named after my favourite fabrics such as radzimir and mousseline.” Through her hotels, she wanted to simplify luxury. She wanted to incorporate the elements that could capture her ideas and put forward calmness for the travellers. She wanted to make it big, but not loud. The design was made in a way that it activates the memories of visitors. We could not resist to ask if interior designs  should be overwhelming? “Interior design can be invasive and over the top. Signature hotels can be ego-driven sometimes. But it is possible to create something warm and stylish at the same time,” she says. At end of the day, the travellers need to be inspired. With brighter hues forming an integral part of her collection, the latest Resort 2019 collection is all feminine and versatile, perfect for a holiday season. For most of her Spring/Summer collection, she played with fabrics such as silk and cotton while tweed, wool, and velvet play major role for her winter collection. In her designs, she also makes sure to incorporate haute couture materials and couture techniques to make her garments stand out. She remembers the time when during her first showcase at Milan Fashion Week her collection was called as ‘prêt-à-couture’ by critics. But, as she tells us, Silvia is not solely responsible for the success she has achieved. Her family too, is equally involved. Her mother is the perfect critic for her and the best companion. Her son, Mauricio has started to handle her business development that focuses on wholesale strategy, while her daughter, Sofia, who is currently studying fashion, has her own distinctive point of view. “With them, my legacy is in good hands.” She is currently working on her Fall/Winter ’19-20 collection which will be known as Poeticus as she wishes to include the elements of poetry, romanticism, and nostalgia. She will be reintroducing rhythmical layers, subtle embellishments, and new couture-like embellishments designed for women who value little details. Designer Magda Butrym’s designs may be intrinsically Polish at heart, but they are for a global audience. Since the inception of her label Varsovie in 2014, designer Magda Butrym has been infusing romanticism, sophistication and modernity in her creations. Besides her ready-to-wear collection, she has developed her range of accessories, jewellery and shoes that are inspired by her Polish heritage. Internationally acclaimed and knighted by her peers, she dresses some of the most influential style icons from across the world like Gigi Hadid, Kim Kardashian, Alicia Vikander, Anja Rubik, Leandra Medine. Excerpts from an interview with Magda: Did you always want to be a fashion creator? I started fabricating my own clothes at a very early age. But, in that period living in Poland, fashion was not a career choice. What course did you take? I worked for a Polish creator. It allowed me to open my eyes and to learn a lot about the relationship between fashion and women. How would you describe the essence of your brand? I would say that a certain romantic feminity predominates. There is so much androgyny and unisex in fashion these days. I have a feeling that the details and romantic references are not seen well. So, what drives me is to make those cool again. Do you have a favourite material? My absolute favourite is actually a classic, satin silk in vanilla colour. What is the USP of your brand? I have never looked for being a revolutionary. But, I remember when I started, the stylists and editors were shocked to see all ruffles and floral prints. How many collections do you present in a year? I propose two collections each year, which includes ready-to-wear. Shoes and jewellery. But, I wish to add some capsule collections. Tell us about the important pieces from your current line? Tailor lights, second skin suede coats, the capes that I revisited in different textures and colours and obviously the blouses and the printed dresses. And then there is a lot of hand work. I have given a lot of importance to the art. Where are the clothes made? Tell us about your team? What are your upcoming projects? Everything is exclusively crafted in Poland, only the shoes are done in Italy. We are a team of 10 people. I have a studio in Varsovie where 10 more people are working. I am elaborating the range of accessories. Share a memory with us that you are very fond of. When we launched our online ready-to-wear collection, it was sold out in a week. It was not so much about the numbers but the feeling was unbelievable. The feeling that so many women want to wear Magda Butrym. What was the most touching compliment that you have received so far? Recently, somebody told me that they know the brand without even having to look at the label. But, I have to confess that watching my creations worn by women like Alexa Chung or Emily Ratajkowski is a great honour. Tell us something about summer dresses and how you approach it? I always find it difficult to dress in summers when we are in town. We do not want to show the body too much, but we need to be light and moving. This is the starting point for my summer collections. Who are your inspirations? I was influenced by Madame Grès. I explore the idea of a strong silhouette, which is light and feminine at the same time. I was equally inspired by the 1920s. I like the nonchalant character of the women of that period. Newly named head of Barrie, Augustin Dol-Maillot, breathes modernity and desirability to this brand of cashmere, which was brought back by Chanel. What is your background? I was born in Tours, but I was brought up in Nice. My father is a ballet choreographer-director in Monte Carlo and my mother was a model in 1980. I currently live in Paris. How has been your journey? I started at Chanel at the age of 16 years, in a summer internship. Since I got along very well with the studio, I renewed the experience for two more summers in a row. Once, I had done my baccalaureate, I interned at the Chanel studio for eight months before starting my studies of graphic designing at the Higher Institute of Applied Arts, in Paris. After an internship at Research Studio, in Paris, I was hired for graphics and artistic direction. In parallel, with my brother, we launched a fashion brand. Because of the lack of means, we collected all the luxury accessories from our parents to make clothes. I followed my father to Moscow, who offered to commission the Ballet of Balchoi costumes to me. After this great adventure, I joined the studio at Chanel. What is your typical daily routine? In the morning, I walk my white Jack Russell before going to the office. I split my time between the Barrie studio and the one at Chanel. I only have to cross the street. How was your experience while starting at Barrie? In May 2018, Karl Lagerfeld offered me to take the artistic directions from Barrie. In four weeks, thanks to the know-how of the technical teams, I created the Spring/Summer 2019 collection. How would you describe this first collection? The starting point was the colour. I had developed some new colours which were not in the catalogue. The graphics were the second determining aspect. I played with the codes of Scotland: the thistle, the college spirit, the idea of a uniform. I wanted this collection to correspond to a “daily summer day”,  from the morning pyjama to the breakfast with a little more chic evening cashmere fishnet. It is a complete wardrobe. All the pieces mix-and-match well. I imagined three axes: homewear, travelwear and nightwear. The big novelty is that we mixed the cashmere to other fibres such as cotton, linen and silk. What are your fetish pieces? There is the denim theme in total cashmere with their three colours: raw, faded and white, the striped pyjama and the cardigan with the two ‘B’s. What is the street wear part of the collection? The collection is street despite me because this is my universe. But I did not want to fall in the trap of total street wear. The Berrie wardrobe is unisex enough in its spirit, but I wished it also had some very feminine pieces. What is the specificity of the Barrie manufacturer in Scotland? The brand of Barrie is incomparable. The manner in which the Scots work with cashmere makes the fibre almost intact. This is the secret of the longevity of a cashmere Barrie. The fibre opens and softens over time. What are your dreams for Barrie? I wish that Barrie exists as long as the brand exists and that it goes out on its niche side and provides cashmere. We are in the process of working on different projects in this sense, and for Barrie to have an even stronger identity. What is your motto? One should always have confidence; otherwise nobody else will ever have the confidence in you. I never see myself in more than two weeks or two days. I have always accepted the defeats which are much greater than me. I never worry about the future. Dark sunglasses (no consideration if it’s day or night), (very) high collared shirt, signature ponytail, and a pair of gloves that covered up those talented hands—Karl Lagerfeld might have lived his life in monochrome but his work had every colour needed to push fashion forward. An icon whose creative mind led brands such as the House of Chanel and Fendi to greater echelons, his vision changed the fashion industry. His eye for detail captured the very essence of fashion, whether it was a luxury brand or his eponymous brand.  He brought a fresh perspective to what Gabrielle Chanel had left behind. He remixed tweed suits, little black dress, and of course, the classic quilted bag for the younger generation. No points for guessing their fate. Born in Germany, Karl moved to Paris when he was 14 years of age. He learnt early on that he needed to push hard if he wanted to succeed. In 1954, he won the Woolmark Prize alongside his friend, Yves Saint Laurent (who won the second prize). Soon after, he was hired as a junior assistant to couturier Pierre Balmain, led the House of Jean Patou and later headed Chloé, which is said to be the first brand to introduce Ready-to-Wear. He often described himself as a ‘computer plugged into Chanel mode’, and had the longest association with Fendi. He started working with Fendi in 1960s and made sure that the brand achieved the global fame it deserved. The double F logo, conceptualised by Karl, will always be etched in our memories. There is someone else who desribes him as pure genius. Yasmin Le Bon, an English Model who at one point was the highest earning model in the world, and who has worked closely with Karl on numerous projects has very fond memories of the eccentric designer. “People will obviously remember him for his charisma and prowess as a designer,” says Yasmin. However, he was more than that. “What people don’t realise that he was a very compassionate, and a great human being. Working with him never felt like work. We used to enjoy our fittings and trials, and he would experiment a lot,” continues Yasmin. Karl would always encourage the talent he was shooting with to speak up if they had some ideas or if they thought that things would be better if they were done a certain way. “He wanted everyone to envision his projects with him, and ideate together,” she says. He always looked for a future, a brighter one. For Chanel, he created visual stories that were a treat for eyes. His vision and imagination, when it comes to fashion shows, was unparalleled. Remember how he transformed Grand Palais into an airport terminal or when he recreated an enchanted forest to the T (enraging the environmentalists though) or the spacecraft, and the very recent show where beach was the runway. He worked for a better future for fashion without pretence. Karl, you will stay in our hearts and minds, forever. It is not for the first time that designers Viktor & Rolf have created a strong buzz around their collection. This time too, the models, sashayed down the ramp in cascading dresses made with extra large crinolines and tulles in pastels. It is, however, not the immoderation of the looks, but the embroidered slogans on the front of the dresses that created a stirr. We saw slogans such as Go to Hell, Leave Me Alone, F* This I’m Going to Paris and Whatever. We can already predict the careers of these dresses on the red carpet. The irony returned with slogans such as Less Is More (delicately scribbled on a gigantic meringue of pink ruffles with blue reflections). The designers did not stop there. They also made some political comments. Sample this: Give a damn. It was a direct reference to the unacceptable I Really Don’t Care, Do U? that was seen on a military vest worn by Melania Trump. (We wonder why she flaunted this slogan though: Trust Me I am a Liar. Was it directed towards her husband?) There were others in the lineup, perfect for the much hyped It-Girls. There were dresses with I am My Own Muse. It might become a second skin to an actress for the Oscars. Then there was a number with a slogan as No Photos Please. The last dress—and one of the most impressive ones—that of a bride lost in the immense black cloud imploring the apocalypse with an I Want a Better World. The collection titled, Fashion Statements, was the subject of countless tweets and Instagram posts with the mention #mood and also a lot of diversions. The same process can be found in the works of American artist Wayne White, known for 10 years for his message boards which are ironic. Like Viktor & Rolf has chosen the fluffy tulle of Sissi empress, White has chosen kitsch boards of scenery in the flea markets on which he has affixed the letters in 3D with very contemporary, irreverent and funny messages which create a significant shift. For example, NO (the dress in the picture on the left) or LSD. With this collection, Viktor & Rolf have pushed the envelope and made it seriously fashionable to be the watchdog of the society. *This story has been contributed by Delphine Valloire Fashion is ever changing and always evolving. Much to the amusement of the consumers, in recent times, we have been flooded with endless choices to suit our preferences. However, at times we are tempted and even bogged down by the constant shifts in styles, few choose to follow, and some delightfully withdraw going back to their much loved denims and a simple tee. Wait! Did you just read, denims? And did it bring to your mind, your most beloved pair? I am sure you do realise that your go to denims will be yours alone, since all of us have our own pair that is personal and fits us like a glove. The famous Darwin’s theory of ‘survival of the fittest’ works well in fashion. We have witnessed styles and silhouettes making an entry or exit from the runway. However, denim, the silent wardrobe conqueror remained indispensable. From being functional clothing for men, and gradually being restructured for women, over the years different brands presented their own adaptation of the fabric. Celebrities were seen spotting the look and runway warmed up to the idea of denim. Women looked at it, as the starting point of freedom in the West and the it-girls took it a notch higher. Back home, it became a necessity over luxury to own a pair. While brands such as Levi Strauss & Co, Pepe Jeans, Diesel, and Lee revolutionised the denim by amalgamating technology with greater fit and durability, younger brands made them accessible. Designers such as Masaba Gupta reimagined an old pair of denims turning it into a sassy saree. Moschino introduced the denim skater dress. Versace Barocco denim dress sees the fabric from a contemporary lens. One of the younger designers, Rider Republic on Designer Boutique at Amazon has an interesting take on it as well. But, unlike the LBDs, denims don’t scream for attention, but can be improvised to befit the wearer. Another quality of denim is their ability to seamless transcend from day to evening wear. It’s also safe to say that the distressed styles of denim, and upcycled versions are not just helping save gallons of water, but are also making a strong fashion statement. There is also the fashion forward patchwork and complimenting sihouettes such as flares, culottes and embroidered styles that are embraced by women worldwide. While most of you have already found your fit and style, if not, there are some quick tips to start a life long love affair with denims. Pair an easy beezy jeans with pumps or sneakers with a crop top or a cotton tee. With the right handbag for your evening and a backpack for daywear, you are good to go. Also, opt for a style that will flatter your body structure. For petite women, skinny jeans works best, for pear shaped women, I suggest bootlegs to even out the proportion and avoid emphasis on the hip. Straight cuts work for all body types. But, it’s okay to break the rules as long you are comfortable in your skin. Then there are denim dresses (skater, A-lines, shirt dress) that can be either worn casually or be teamed with accessories and jewellery. Be extremely careful with tricky denim-on- denim combination. Play with dark and light shades but don’t go for extremes. *This artcle has been contributed by Narender Kumar. He has the ability to take anyone on a vintage escapade with his designs that he creates with assorted motifs and intricate embroidery. For over two decades, Varun Bahl has delicately balanced traditional craft and innovation with a fresh take on colours and silhouettes. But, this year was different. He returned to Lakmé Fashion Week after a gap of four years to launch his new ready-to-wear line, Varun Bahl Prêt. We asked him about his decsion, even as he took us on a journey of soft hues and contemporary details. Excerpts from the interview: What was your vision behind the prêt label? Take us through the elements incorporated? I felt it was the right time to design a line that is first and foremost, more accessible. Second, that it adds solid design value to a wearer’s wardrobe, enhancing her personal style. And third, that it is trendless and versatile, so that each piece can be styled in a variety of ways with the wearer’s existing wardrobe. The Five Petal Story, as this collection is called, is a meditation on the simple beauty of flowers that bloom with five petals, like the lily, the iris, the orchid, the frangipani, and the Himalayan wild rose. I’ve been thinking about this for almost a year, and when Lakmé Fashion Week approached me to participate this season, I just had to do it, and I am so encouraged by the response we got in Mumbai. I have included delicate 3D flower motifs as embellishments that might remind you of our haute couture techniques handcrafted by our artisan embroiderers. The entire collection is designed as separates, so that different looks can be created by mix and match, which is a smart way to dress. We have also developed prints inspired by Art Nouveau patterns and executed by colourful tessellations and repetitions of a five-petal flower. Then there are transparent bombers embroidered with silk-thread flowers. Take us through the inspiration board for the collection.  If you have noticed, my couture line is all about flowers. For the prêt label too, flowers were my obvious choice. The five-petal flowers are everywhere to create patterns, as damask, check, stripes or a floral jaal. There are no straight lines. Also, my favourite subject currently is Art Nouveau. We have drawn a lot of curves from architecture and mirror frames and incorporated those in our seams and borders as well as embroideries. Tell us about colours, embroideries and other techniques that you have used?  There are microfloral gingham checks, curvy lines and mosaic patterns achieved by tessellating the five-petal motif. And so, with flowers marking their presence in the launch collection, I added my love for the Art Nouveau style through undulating, wave-like seams, hems, and appliqué additions. The lazer-cut 3D flowers lend eye-catching details as well. The colour palette includes old rose, pistachio, duck egg blue, ochre, olive, faded mustard, and pearl grey, with an emphasis on ivory as a base tone to highlight the softness of pastels. The fabrics are double-georgette, moss-crepe, silk satin, cotton-silk, handwoven Chanderi, tussar and organza. The collection is for the young in age and young at heart. How do you fathom what your buyers want?  I feel women these days don’t succumb to set norms of dressing according to their ‘age’. They are dressing up according to their personality. With unique prints and delicate touches of hand-embellishment, these pieces are aimed at becoming wardrobe staples for the design-conscious Indian woman, who want to invest in quality rather than quantity. This is also why I chose a simple, five-petal flower, because it can easily adapt into a multitude of prints. You have been in the industry for close to two decades now. How do you think industry has changed over the years?  I think the consumer is better informed now and is able to make more precise choices about what she wants to buy and wear. This makes my job as a designer both easier and more interesting. The act of designing becomes a conversation between the customer and myself. It makes me strive to do more in terms of design development, garment quality, creative research, styling flexibility, and of course, pricing. The sari is taking new forms. Lehenga is becoming lighter. Are we finally ready for a shift in style?  The change has already taken place. It is all about simplicity and comfort including our ready-to-wear label. There are free-flowing silhouettes and subtle colours. Even the saris are minimal with ruffle details and soft fabrics. What is your take on emergence of social media? How do you think social media has helped you in promoting your label?  Social media has its pros and cons. Fortunately for me, it has been a boon for me and helpfed me to promote the new label. Social media is my virtual moodboard where I can showcase my designs, philosophy, and inspirations, making the audience virtually experience the brand. It has also played in our favour as a lot of our business comes through social media as well.  There is always a difference in finding inspiration and copying the design. Anonymous accounts like Diet Sabya is calling out the copycats.What is your take on it?  I think it is great to call out imitators. Blatant copying definitely is an epidemic in the fashion industry and I am glad someone is taking a stand. It is important to speak up against it. I staunchly believe that you have to be original with your designs. Sarah Jessica Parker breathes life back into the crazy and fun Carrie Bradshaw for Intimissimi. Long blonde hair, a clutch in hand, stilettoes and silk pyjamas, all of that walking down the streets of New York. We all remember Sarah Jessica Parker as Carrie Bradshaw from the cult television series, Sex in the City. Carrie seems to have made a comeback in a new avatar. She is the face of the lingerie brand, Intimissimi. Walking for the Italian brand at a fashion show in Verona last September, she received standing ovation. Sarah Parker spotted in the italian lingerie brand Intimissimi in a printed yellow silk pajama top and pants, paired with equally head-turning hot pink pumps and clutch. The bold look immediately reminded us of Carrie Bradshaw.  The name of the campaign is ‘no one can judge me, which suits her to the t. “to have a choice over what we have, how we control our lives, allow ourselves to feel who we are,” sarah jessica parker says.“Definitely not resembling others. Fashion is, forever, a learning process in which i find myself very free.” Since 1996, the House has been systematically getting stronger and more influential, proposing the concept of lingerie that can be termed as laidback-sexy, collaborating with models such as Irina Shayk and Gisele Bündchen. “To choose a brand ambassador we ask ourselves the question: real woman or a tailor-made muse?” says Sandro Veronesi, CEO of the Calzedonia group, of which Intimissimi is a part. “With Sarah Jessica, it is the first option.” This means they chose to portray and exhibit their brand through a businesswoman, a mother and an icon, not only of fashion but also pop culture. Especially as an American actress, she has always been an aficionado of lingerie and today she is the muse for Intimissimi.   Remo Ruffini, creative director and CEO of Moncler is a maverick. Through his entire carrier, he has defied all expectations and thwarted the system, so when it came time for him to work out a brand, it was given that the path he would take would be unique. The most recent example of him breaking the chains and not confining to the diktats of popular thought was his decision to launch Moncler Genius.  This undertaking represents a new creative strategy: the brand collaborate with eight different stylists, from across the world, with the goal of creating smaller and crisper collections, absolutely unique, which are released one by one, all through the month, instead of piling them all up and releasing them twice a year during a show. “I arrived at the conclusion that the world of fashion had changed. The world we live in is undergoing an immense upheaval, concepts of traditional marketing are now a moot point. So, we decided to distance ourselves from standard commercial models, but have new releases every month, undertaking a new project each month,” Remo says.  So, it simply means that the release of the eight collections Moncler presented to the world last February, designed by artists as heteroclite as Pierpaolo Piccioli, Simone Rocha, Craig Green, Kei Ninomiya, Francesco Ragazzi (of Palm Angels) and Hiroshi Fujiwara (of Fragment), is appearing in Moncler boutiques across the globe.  The collections created by Fujiwara, Ninomiya, Green, Moncler 1952 and more recent ones by Rocha and Piccioli are already available in stores, and the first responses have done nothing other than strengthen Remo’s conviction: the right decision was made for Moncler.  A DIALOGUE EVERYDAY 
	“Honestly, the first six months went really well, and we are now entering our most important season, winter, which will have us showing some significant numbers,” confides the CEO, who announced that his company had undergone a 47 per cent hike in profits, gaining upwards of 61.6 million euros and a 21 per cent increase in sales with turnovers of up to 493.5 million in the first six months of 2018.  The new circulation strategy responds perfectly to the mental makeup of the contemporary client, which doesn’t look only for immediate gratification but also exclusivity. The trends of the world of luxury, like a client looking to buy a statue, they too are bombarded by array of new options and varieties. And with the constant reduction of the average attention span, to maintain the interest of customers in a collection that remains in the boutique for several months is an uphill climb. But by giving oneself the option of releasing a new Genius collection every 30 odd days, Moncler generates new interest and a fresh outlook from its clients and journalists which only works in favour of the brand.  “The communication of today has nothing to do with the way it used to be in the beginning. Earlier, we, the brand, would address the client only once every season. From now on we should initiate that dialogue on a daily basis, the customer needs to be attracted to the boutique on a specific day, a given week—that is a tremendous challenge,” Remo says.  It has to be kept in mind that stylists come from different parts of the world and each of them incarnates a singular individual aesthetic, and so they become a very different kind of client.  Remo adds, “To start with, we choose designers whose work and who themselves are pleasing to us, keeping in mind that we have to work on 12 different projects, 12 months per year. We want to be certain that each of these designers possess a unique and different energy, the kind that our clients can differentiate one from the other. For example, one the one hand we would have a designer like Pierpaolo, an expert more of women’s fashion while someone like Hiroshi is more a specialist of streetwear. The idea was truly to create something that encompasses all generations and appeals to different attitudes.”  HIGH-TECH AND HIGH FASHION 
	From the very beginning, Remo was always clued into and eventually at the helm of new trends. After high school, he left for the United States to study Fashion Marketing at the University of Boston, but didn’t register himself for a single course, deciding that he preferred to learn on the job, alongside his father in the family business, the clothing brand Gianfranco Ruffini.  In 1984, he started with his own business – a brand named New England. A combination of the preppy American look (very popular nowadays) and a solid base of Italian craftsmanship. After selling the company in 2000, Remo took a leap of faith and bought Moncler (founded in 1952 in the Isère region of France and known for its winter equipment) in 2003. Moncler was, at the time, on the verge of extinction, but he saw tremendous potential.  “Thinking back, I would say that for all effective purposes Moncler was practically a start-up. We started with two employees, and today more than 3,500 people work for the House. I remember that at the time Moncler was sold only in Italy, so I thought that if we were to grow our base we would be true to the DNA of the brand and also engage more with the clients, knowing that we had to listen to them to be able to create better collections, we could accomplish a lot with that outlook,” Remo says.  The tour de force spearheaded by Remo consisted of transforming the more banal and run-of-the-mill winter clothes, the puffa jacket for example, into something more high-tech and more high fashion. To make that happen he called on stylists like Thom Browne for the masculine line, 
	Gamme Bleu and Giambattista Valli for the feminine collection, Gamme Rouge. For over ten years, the two men have imagined original presentations for their creations, spectacles in which top models with descent from artificial ski slopes, mount a horse, and dive into a swimming pool, shows where the most unusual interventions were dreamed up and executed, from hip hop dance troops all the way to Canadian Mounties. And during the first days of the digital revolution, with the boom of social media and Instagram, the images of their shows made the fashionistas drop like flies.  In addition, Ruffini had always had a head start when it came to the race of collaborations, which today is pivotal to the fashion industry. Over the years, Moncler has partnered with a host of artists: Pharrell Williams for a collection of sunglasses, Chitose Abe of Sacai, Erdem Moralioglu, Virgil Abloh and Junya Watanabe. Among all the Moncler collection the CEO’s favourite product is puffa jacket: “It has a bright orange lining, and even though I have had the jacket for ten years now I still wear it all the time,” says passionate Ruffini.  GAZING MOOD OF THE PEOPLE 
	But this initial fashion of collaboration did, without a doubt, reach its timely demise with the transformation of the smallest aspects of the logistical chain of the brand, a transformation in such a way that it would assure the launch of Moncler Genius.  Now that Moncler has stopped working with Browne and Valli, all of Remo’s energies are directed to the radical change in strategy and direction. “It is a given that the logistical chain of the brand was the most difficult thing to put in place. We had to change work culture, because earlier, we had three months to deliver on a collection, whereas now, it’s 30 days,” Remo says.  And who said that a more malleable logistical chain meant a more rapid reaction to the changing moods and fancies of the clients. “In today’s day and age, an extreme level of flexibility is paramount. One must be clued into the market at all times. I am convinced that this new way of working is the future of the industry. Moreover, our brand caters to different generations, to a myriad of clients, which is an entirely unique positioning, but it isn’t exactly easy to pull off. But, the more we interact directly with the clients, the more we will listen to what they have to say and the stronger we will become as a brand,” Remo says.  It appears that Moncler has found the perfect balance between comfort, elegance and originality.  *This story has been contributed by Jessica Michault. The Milan accumulations have attracted to an end. Alessandro Michele of Gucci, hairy and bejewelled, has taken his runway bow. So has Miuccia Prada and Donatella Versace and Daniel Lee, the new name at Bottega Veneta.  We are for quite some time used to acclaiming creators toward the finish of a season. Be that as it may, behind them is plenty of by and large unheralded craftsmen who additionally control the "Made in Italy" brand, making everything from weaves to tennis shoes. Presently, one incipient organization is planning to put that ability immovably in the spotlight.  Martin Johnston and Lise Bonnet, a couple group situated in the Netherlands with many years of industry experience, chose in 2015 to satisfy a long-lasting dream of setting up their very own extravagance image. Venturing out to Italy the next year to look for the best providers of items like silks and cowhide merchandise, they experienced challenges in distinguishing the little free organizations they would require.  That, be that as it may, gave them another thought.  Mr Johnston noticed that numerous craftsman's consent to strict classification arrangements that keep them out of the open eye.  They called the endeavour Crafted Society. Moving on the web and from its Amsterdam showroom, Crafted Society offers items, for example, hand-completed cashmere and silk-mix scarves, two-tone calfskin cowhide and canvas knapsacks and brilliant white tennis shoes, while giving everybody who has contacted an item their due.  The majority of the business labels convey the name's logo and the names of the Italian organizations that made the items, featuring the craftspeople included. Accessible online are provider subtleties like contact and address data close by photos and histories of the craftsmen who dealt with the piece. Mr Johnston and Ms Bonnet likewise state they give 1 per cent of their yearly all out deals to philanthropies that elevate access to craftsmanship instruction. (As it is an exclusive organization, they won't reveal their business numbers.)  As a direct-to-customer brand, Crafted Society's retail costs do exclude the conventional wholesaler or discount markups, nor the typical markup related with an exceptional brand name, which more often than not is 7 to multiple times the maker's cost. (Made Society said its markup is multiple times the cost value.) Prices extend from around 175 euros (about $199) for Panama caps to €900 for an end of the week pack — not shoddy but rather extensively not exactly the costs are seen on numerous products sold on Bond Street, Madison Avenue or the Champs-Élysées.  Key to the pitch was the way that, albeit comparative direct-to-customer organizations have as of late developed (The Los Angeles-based start-up Italic, an enrollment just commercial centre, gives clients a chance to purchase unbranded products from the processing plants that produce for Prada, Christian Louboutin and Givenchy) the Crafted Society is simply the just a single situating as a channel to elevate the notorieties of the craftsmen themselves.  Edoardo Mattioli, CEO of Ales Pelletterie, concurred. His organization is a main calfskin merchandise workshop situated in Tolentino which as of late presented a line of cowhide and canvas toiletries sacks, knapsacks and end of the week holdalls with Crafted Society, each bearing the name of the professional who made the adornment. Initially, he had focused on making only five things for Crafted Society in any case, starting at 2018, that number has developed to more than 250.  The organizations that Crafted Society has been building, he stated, could likewise handle a more extensive emergency burdening the fate of Italian extravagance producing: the battle to locate the up and coming age of craftsmen. It was not easy, they describe to us the beginning of their journey into the jewellery world. As the Grewal sisters inherited the love for everything sparkly from their mother, they finally decided to start something of their own. The result? Outhouse. With it, they not only grabbed a place in Forbes 30 under 30, but also created a name for themselves around the globe. Excerpts: As we begin the New Year, tell us some of the key projects that you are working on for the year? What are we looking forward to?
	2019 is going to be a tremendously vibrant year as we have much to look forward to. We began the year with our playful, light hearted Wildflower collection filled with fluorescent hues and bohemian exuberance.  We are also launching our New Bridal Line For The Summer Bride under our Outhouse Bridal Vertical which we had launched last year.   Every person has different sets of ideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy?
	Our design sensibilities and the drive to tell an unconventional narrative has been our ethos. We have always believed in the power of the collective and connect the differences - that’s where we create the best kind of creative energy.  When working on a project or ideas, how do you both come to a conclusion? Are the decisions amicable or do they end up 
	in a debate?
	When a quest for jewellery perfection and a desire to make a change creatively by designing conversation starting adornments collided, the unique Outhouse took form. We have learnt in these years to embrace our varied opinions, allow them to challenge us and critically think through our collections. The conclusions are fruitful.
	 
Tell us about some skills that you have learnt from each other.
	Sasha: To be able to balance art and commerce. 
	Kaabia: To be more patient and work with focus on the bigger picture.
	 
What is the most annoying thing about each other?
	Sasha: Her meticulous nature. 
	Kaabia: She watches the world through bedazzled sunglasses and the line between jewelled dreams and reality is blur. Her sense of wonder can sometimes be annoying, and yet a trait that I admire most about her. 
	 
How did the thought of forming a brand come about?
	Today we are talking about our most coveted love affair, which happens to be with Outhouse. Fashion and its kind has always been a guilty pleasure for us since we were little. It comes to us like most girls, from our mother; who at an early age took us to her jeweller and made us fall in love with all 
	things sparkly.
	 
	We are reminded of visions, where we’d be sitting dressed identically and tried every piece of jewellery in the store. So yes! The love affair started very early on. We always got A’s as art students and were swift doodlers even though the doodles remained restricted to jewellery patterns and alike. Soon we had our degrees in gemstones and diamond grading and were off to get our first jobs in the design world. Completely overwhelmed and thrilled, we decided to start Outhouse. It wasn’t easy, I’ll tell you that. Not only did we not know anything about setting up an enterprise but also we were doing this in another city. They say nothing can drive your dreams like passion, in our case that’s the only thing that made everything else fall in place.  Moncler Genius, a luxury skiwear brand is aiming to reinvent the model.
	The establishments of style commercialization originate from the natural human want for new things. This, in itself, is definitely not another thought. Yet, because of the ascent of internet-based life, web-based shopping and advanced news coverage, our aggregate aching for freshness is more unavoidable than any other time in recent memory. 
	Today, the run of the mill purchaser isn't putting resources into garments two times every year, or even occasionally, we're purchasing articles of clothing with expanding normality. Where and how we shop is likewise changing, and marks; from the high road to the more elite classes of the extravagance design world, are reacting thus.
	Italian billionaire Remo Ruffini knows about the new difficulties confronting the business. As the CEO and part-proprietor of Moncler, an extravagance brand known for ski coats and extravagance activewear, Ruffini has been determined to modernize the organization since assuming control in 2003. 
	He completed a nearly head-to-toe redesign of the brand's plan of action and supply affixes so as to dispatch another activity, Moncler Genius.
	The Moncler Genius venture, first disclosed at Milan Fashion Week a year ago, hurled aside naming a solitary imaginative executive to steerage a brand. Rather, it advocates a moderately novel methodology: approaching different innovative chiefs to work for a similar brand, making their own individual accumulations that are discharged on a moving date-book. 
	This model mixes design joint efforts (which, commonly, just produce one-off items that move temporarily) and "drop" culture (customary constrained version things that are advertised on the web and discharged to the most steadfast clients). The brand would now be able to advertise new things on a month to month premise, rather than, just like the case for Moncler in times past; regularly as per the yearly design week plan.
	With all enthusiasm and passion, the brand paves a path to reinvention. Luxury brand Shazé, which began its voyage in 2001, is determined to make world-class structures that turn into a definitive articulation of urbane life. Quirk, advancement has been at the centre of the brand mind since its commencement. Made for the person of good taste, the specialist, the design educated and the strong; Shazé items have cut a speciality in the extravagance products range. By working together with abilities from over the world, the brand stores up the most venturesome and unusual plans, subsequently manufacturing the very substance of its items. Each piece is cautiously made to coordinate the consistently developing needs of Shazé's clients.  Shazé started as a flatware gifting brand out of one store at Hughes Road in Mumbai. Its superlative contributions were a moment hit with shoppers, and this propelled the brand to expand its range to incorporate contemporary workmanship adornments just as embellishments like watches, aromas, sleeve buttons and grips. The brand likewise began fiddling with lodging, home and office stylistic theme.  Shazé's stock is evaluated dependent on the regularity of items and purchaser demographics. The brand quickly opened 11 stores in Mumbai and proceeded to extend container India incorporating into Delhi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Indore, Raipur, Varanasi, Hyderabad, Chennai and Goa. Today, Shazé is retailing through 24 stores, 6 SISs just as their own site, with an objective of multiplying its infiltration this year. "We are yearningly hoping to develop our essence in the North and East of India this year," says Zaveri.  Besides expanding the number of stores, the brand is additionally progressing in the direction of expanding its store sizes from the normal of 450 sq. ft. in 2019. The brand likes to keep its alternatives open, opening stores in both high avenues just as shopping centres in an offer to grow its scope Shazé hopes to do between 50 to 60 per cent development this year over a year ago. The brand intends to expand its essence the nation over. Karl was a German fashion mogul and was the creative director of the famous brands like the house of Chanel and Fendi. He is also an artist, photographer, costume designer, weight-loss guru, bookshop owner, and an author. He was on the top of his game throughout his life. He is known as much for his larger than life designer labels, as he is for his merciless wit and sharp tongue. Scroll down to read some of the crazy facts you might not know about the man before the rich life he led:  1. Lagerfeld got his start in the fashion world in 1955, after winning a design competition sponsored by International Wool Secretariat, taking first place in the coat category. After the contest, he met a fellow winner of another category, who would also go on to become a famous designer and a close friend. That winner’s name was none other than Yves Saint Laurent. 2. Lagerfeld was born Karl Otto Lagerfeldt. He dropped the “t” from his last name early in his career, reportedly to make it sound “more commercial.” 3. His pet cat, Choupette Lagerfeld accompanies Lagerfeld wherever he goes and has her own Instagram and twitter account in addition to her two personal maids.    4. He has a tiny little estate in Vermont as well with apple and pear orchards, has apartments in New York and Paris. 5. He has one house for sleeping and sketching and one for lunch & dinner. 6. The house where he sleeps has no kitchen, he has food brought to him like in a hotel. 7. Karl Lagerfeld has so many valuables that he needs a "safe" place to store them, a safe and his custom made Louis Vuitton Trunk that can hold 20 iPods, a speaker, and a subwoofer, in addition to other items.    8. He sleeps only on antique bed spreads and his mattressess are changed every 6 months.  9. Lagerfeld is addicted to Pepsi, according to several reports, and has a special butler who follows him around at parties with a goblet of Pepsi on a tray. he drinks up to 20 cans of Diet Coke per day. He doesn't like drinking water because it is not tasty.  10. Karl Lagerfeld is a supporter of the use of fur in fashion. He himself doesn’t wear fur and hardly eats meat.   A world pioneer in extravagance merchandise LVMH (Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton ) declared Monday it would support measures to guarantee a "responsible supply" of crocodile skins. 
	LVMH is home to 70 recognized Houses established in six distinct segments. Consistent with convention, every one of our brands expands on a claim to fame heritage while maintaining an unflinching spotlight on the lovely bore of its items.
	The mammoth French retailer said in an announcement it would pursue new benchmarks for crocodile calfskin dependent on criteria "developed and validated by a committee of technical experts”. 
	This would incorporate "the preservation of the species and the respect of local communities" just as creature prosperity, working conditions on the homesteads and the insurance of the earth. 
	Three ranches which supply an LVMH tannery in Singapore have just been guaranteed as fulfilling the new guidelines.
	This "guarantees respect for animal well-being," including nearby treatment by veterinarians and nature of living space and sustenance, the announcement included. 
	LVMH said it had effectively set up full detectability of skins. 
	Exactly 20 ranches, which supply the tannery, situated in Australia, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Kenya, the Philippines and the United States "will be certified by the end of 2020".
	Creature safeguard gathers PETA last April condemned LVMH over conditions for crocodiles and ostriches reproduced for the design business. LVMH regretted any "association with practices it condemns".
	The most seasoned of the LVMH brands is winemaker Château d'Yquem, which dates its roots back to 1593. Christian Dior SE is the fundamental holding organization of LVMH, owning 40.9% of its offers, and 59.01% of its casting ballot rights. Bernard Arnault, the larger part investor of Dior, is Chairman and CEO of the two organizations.
	Now finally the brand has pledged to have new standards for the crocodile farm and stick to it!  With their brand they want to influence the fashion world, and of course, the choices. Ritu Kumar has been in the industry for around five decades now and there is no stopping her. She stepped into the industry when not many were aware about the Indian textiles, weaving methods, and embroideries which in a way motivated her to push the envelope and form a brand. It was in the early 2000s when Amrish Kumar, CEO at Ritu Kumar Designs stepped in and took the charge with an aim to cater to a young audience. Even after all this, nothing has diluted. Excerpts from the interview: As we begin the New Year, tell us some of the key projects that you are working on for the year? What are we looking forward to?
	For the year ahead, we are actually looking at expanding our footprint outside the country. We are currently in Mauritius, Dubai, South Africa, and are now looking at possibilities in Indonesia. And of course, expanding within India. One of the more important things that we are going to be doing this year is going into the home furnishings line which is very textile based. So, it will actually be echoing 50 years’ involvement in prints in this country, onto our home furnishings. Every person has different sets of ideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy?
	It is always a process of discussion because fashion doesn’t remain static and fresh ideas keep coming, both, from the Indian subcontinent as well as international. It is then that we see how much of each do we need to involve in our collections. But basically, the strength of the collection is Indian design and textiles. When working on a project or ideas, how do you both come to a conclusion? Are the decisions amicable or do they end up in a debate?
	The decision making process is actually much more democratic. All the decisions are reviewed by other core members of the organisation before reaching any conclusion. So, we try and reduce the subjectivity in the exercise. Tell us about some skills that you have learnt from each other?
	We have learnt the fact that the company and our ideas have to move on to fit into the mould of the new generation which has seen a sea change from the time we started and that is what comes in with Amrish, a management person as well as me, being a creative person who sees a generation away and brings fresh ideas to the table. They never get annoyed from each other, as the couple reveals to us. And that is what led them to grow as a brand. They started the label way back in the year 2003 and since then, they have been providing the buyers with a modern outlook on very Indian designs. Intricate detailing, clean embroidery, and usage of age old craft techniques is what Shyamal and Bhumika stands for and we delved into a conversation with them to discover more. Excerpts from the interview: As we begin the New Year, tell us some of the key projects that you are working on for the year? What are we looking forward to?
	With the beginning of the year, we launched the Bridal Collection for 2019.  Customisation with hand embroidery is the key this year. For our upcoming collections, we aim to revive some old crafts with our contemporary aesthetic and give a new dimension to bridal wear. Menswear will be a big focus for Shyamal & Bhumika this year. Every person has different sets of ideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy?
	We have been working together since the year 1999 and it’s been about 20 years that we’ve been a team. We have micro segregated our roles and both of us have some strengths and weaknesses which we manage to play in our favour. At Shyamal & Bhumika, Bhumika  plays the role of a fashion designer and I am the Creative Director. When working on a project or ideas, how do you both come on a conclusion? Are the decisions amicable or do they end up in a debate?
	We definitely have debates but since we started working at a very young age, we understand each other. When one of us feels strongly for something the other knows the logic behind it leaving less room for debates. We tend to agree on a lot of things as we have set responsibilities often when we go into a particular project. We respect each other’s involvement and give each other enough time to listen to our own ideas. Tell us about some skills that you have learnt from each other.
	Bhumika: Learning more about the business is what Shyamal has taught me.
	Shyamal: The vivid imagination and creative ideas of Bhumika have taught me to widen my horizon and think out of the box for our business. What is the most annoying thing about each other?
	We hardly get time to get annoyed with each other.  How did the thought of coming together and forming a brand come about?
	Bhumika and I have been designing since 2000, right out of fashion college. We established Shyamal & Bhumika in 2003 and have grown as couturiers in this glorious industry. Taking inspirations from all around us, from the architectural grandeurs of our ancestral homes, our personal travels and tales we’ve grown up listening to, we have worked with different dyeing, embroidery and even hand-stitching techniques. For us it is the journey to success that has mattered more than the destination.  Audience was awestruck seeing the model, Gigi hadid walking the ramp for the british fashion house Burberry. Gigi Hadid made her debut modelling for British fashion house Burberry on 17th February. The 23-year-old walked during Riccardo Tisci's February 2019 show - his second catwalk collection for the heritage brand. The model stormed the runway for the Burberry Autumn/Winter show during London Fashion Week on Sunday alongside the model Irina Shayk. Spotted with bleached eyebrows and a slicked fringe, different from her usual self, with strands of her California blonde hair gelled across her forehead in swirls. Hadid stepped out during the first portion of the show, showcasing Tisci's take on luxury sportswear. The striking street wear-inspired look from Riccardo Tisci's second collection called "Tempest" for the quintessential British brand. She wore a monochrome zip-front top over a Burberry polo shirt, with a mini skirt and calf-high boots, carrying a matching backpack and puffer coat. The debut marks a rare London Fashion Week appearance from Hadid, who isn't a regular at the London shows. Although the 23-year-old is a household name and well on her way to supermodel status, the model usually dominates the runways of Milan, Paris and New York, having only previously walked two shows at London Fashion Week in 2017, once for Versus Versace collection designed in collaboration with boyfriend Zayn Malik, followed by Tommy Hilfiger. Gigi took to the catwalk in the monochrome outfit was the definiton of 'athleisure', consisting of a polo dress adorned with a new Burberry crest, which was layered under a corset top with statement sleeves. The model expertly stomped down the catwalk wearing leather knee-high boots and for many, however, the outfit wasn't the first thing to catch their eye, as the majority of models took to the catwalk with bleached brows and their hair intricately swirled into various designs on their foreheads. This designer duo came together and made sure to create an idiosyncratic space for their label. Through their couture line, Monica and Karishma from JADE gave a taste of royalty and extreme happiness to their buyers. Today, so many years down the line, they keep learning from each other. Excerpts from the interview: As we begin the New Year, tell us some of the key projects that you are workingon for the year? What are we looking forward to?
	We are currently working on launching our own line of luxury shoes and bags. We have always wanted to design accessories that represent JADE in its true sense and give our ensembles that perfect finishing touch. So, we are very excited for 2019, because this is a special one for us! Every person has different sets of ideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy?
	The best part about us working together is that we complement each other well. Each of us brings a unique set of ideas and designs to the table. But, we have the same vision. So, it all fits together very well.  When working on a project or ideas, how do you both come to a conclusion? Are the decisions amicable or do they end up in a debate?
	There’s always a debate and a whole lot of back and forth of ideas and opinions. But, at the end of the day, we both know that this is bigger than either of us. We have the same vision and mission for the label and in terms of what we want to create, like we both believe in making every piece look glamorous but light at the same time. Ultimately, it’s about what’s best for the brand. We trust each other’s expertise and know where the other person’s coming from. Tell us about some skills that you have learnt from each other.
	Monica: Karishma has so much knowledge and insight to offer in matters of the finest artisanal work and techniques. She is so well-travelled and has pick up unique gems of wisdom from her journeys, especially regarding the finest arts and handcrafting techniques. I get to learn new things from her each day.
	Karishma: Monica is the person to go to when it comes to working on the detailing fits and cuts. She plays a very important role in making our pieces opulent and light. Monica’s relentless dedication to detailing and ensuring every piece aligns with JADE’s vision is truly inspiring. How did the thought of coming together and forming a brand come about?
	20 years ago, we made our foray into international fashion under Chanakya. In 2008, we decided it was time to channel all our learning’s into our passion for design by starting our own label. Thus, JADE was born. She weaved her love story,  the most memorable moments of hers and Vanraj on her bridal lehenga and took the nation by storm. She is the founder of Koëcsh, while Vanraj belongs to the family of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri. Together, they drive the business and are an unstoppable force. Excerpts: As we begin the New Year, tell us some of the key projects that you are working on for the year? What are we looking forward to?
	This year the focus would be on innovation and bringing new concepts and ideas to clients who are always ahead of the game. This involves new techniques and skills mastered after extensive research and development. Every person has different sets of ideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy of ideas and contribute to each other’s fields?
	We always put the needs and wants of the brides before us. It’s always about what’s best for them without thinking of ourselves which is appreciated and which differentiates us from others. We also have similar aesthetics so it’s always easier when working on a bride together or even when it comes to taking advice on something I am creating. Kresha’s design skills always ease any road blocks I’m facing. Are there times when you both discuss your respective fields and pertaining ideas and a debate arises. How do you both come to a conclusion? 
	Debates and discussions are almost an everyday thing as we both have strong opinions which only lead to stronger ideas and concepts. But I’ve learnt to follow the rule that the wife is always right if we can’t settle on a conclusion. Tell us about some skills that you have learnt from each other.
	Time management, focus, organisation and how to eat meals for two people
	     
What is the most annoying thing about each other?
	Kresha: Most annoying thing is that he is always calm and deals with things calmly while I sometimes can act in the heat of the moment. Steve Sneaker Patiño finally entered the list of luxury brands with Ales Grey this December, as he launched his own brand. 
	The man carries a rich knowledge of fashion and sneakers and has amalgamated the same to kick start the brand provides one with high-quality clothes and sneakers mainly dusted with Swarovski crystals. 
	Steve, lovingly known as Sneaker Steve, is because he started working as a kid for Sneakers. Having worked for the renowned names for years in the industry, finally Steve builds his much-awaited luxury brand.
	Patiño had desired to build a luxury with purpose and hence a part of proceeds from sneakers is given an LA-based programme, i.e., to the Inner-City Arts Organisation.
	Steve believes the luxury market to have high margins and being a market which creates highest forms of art and therefore the gesture of paying back to the art industry, the charitable element.
	Patiño believes art to have saved his life and being in the sneaker industry for 20 years, this is how Steve wanted to repay.
	The Battalion was the first sneaker launched by Ales Grey. It is said to be inspired by the retro vintage basketball shoes, skateboard sneakers, and Motocross boots from his days at DC Shoes, the theme served to be his muse.
	A lot of designs and sneakers are inspired by Steve's experiences and colours, his visits to various places and pieces of his childhood. Patiño also voyaged to Italy with his outsole colour concept for his collection.
	Swarovski, as we see, is kept in the limelight as it remains close to Steve because of the son being conceived in a reflected period and for him to remember a friend who passed away but loved Swarovski.
	The brand name, however, is inspired by Steve's son's name and the brand is all set to go a long, lavish way! She hates when he snores and he hates when she wears the hat of a perfectionist. But, that doesn’t really matter especially when you have been working together for over 15 years. Ankur Modi & Priyanka Modi decided to get together and form a label soon after they got married and since then, there has been no looking back. They first started their prêt label, and a few years back introduced their couture line. So, what’s next? Excerpts: As we begin the New Year, tell us some of the key projects that you are working on for the year? What are we looking forward to?
	We’re getting into 2019 with a lot of gusto and enthusiasm! We’ve started work on our Autumn Winter collection and are excited about it as we’ve consciously decided to take small departures from what we usually do to bring in a new angle, a new perspective to our designs. On the other hand, we’re looking at adding a few new product categories to our range, maybe two or three new stores and collaboration are in the pipeline, but none of it is concrete enough to elaborate on. So fingers crossed!  Every person has a different set of ideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy of ideas?
	It’s been over 15 years since we’ve been working together and it’s never been difficult to accommodate both of our ideas! But in all seriousness, we’re not the only two people giving all the ideas. AMPM is now a thriving organisation which has a lot of young, experienced, brilliant and enthusiastic minds working together and we encourage ideating with all of them and then coming to a conclusion. The most important thing for us is to set the vision of the brand, and then let things organise themselves to make it a reality.  When working on a project or ideas, how do you both come to a conclusion? Are the decisions amicable or do they end up in a debate?
	Everything concludes after a debate. And that’s a very healthy way to do it, as otherwise, it just might be that only one of us has a point of view and 
	the other doesn’t, and is just going along for the lack of a better idea. With a debate at least you’re assured that two good ones (at the very least) were on the table!  Tell us about some skills that you have learnt from each other.
	Ankur: Perseverance for one. But she’s mastered the art of multi-tasking and I’m constantly trying to learn that from her. She’s a full-time-working-mother to two demanding boys. You practically need to be magician. 
	Priyanka: I’m trying to learn how to read a balance sheet from him. It’s so frustrating. What is the most annoying thing about each other?
	Priyanka: He’s started snoring. Period. 
	Ankur: Her need for perfection.  How did the thought of coming together and forming a brand come about?
	I was working with my mother, Anju Modi, when Priyanka and I got married. Since Priyanka had studied fashion too, she started working with us. But is was clear in a few months that Priyanka had her own unique sensibility and wanted to design more prêt garments, whereas Anju Modi was a full-blown couture label.  So, we all thought it best that we start a new brand under her creative direction and that’s how AMPM came to be.  Mother of pearl on a quest to make Sustainable Conversion a Thing at London Fashion week BBC Earth and British fashion council is associating with Mother of Pearl’s creative director, Amy Powney, on a series of talks at London Fashion Week to discuss fashion's supply chain issues. The label’s creative director Amy, wants to see the fashion industry modernize itself, and is taking the lead in a heated industry conversation on the term Sustainability which has been in dismay always. As we all know, London Fashion Week is hardly a cradle of sustainability. An emplacement of trends, with an overriding emphasis on catwalks and its distinct aim is the proclamation of novelty and innovation. Powney is seeking to change that by aligning her brand, Mother of Pearl, with BBC Earth. For more than four years, she has pioneered ethical practices to make her supply chain more sustainable, from ensuring that cotton suppliers do not use pesticides during the farming process, to keeping production local in a bid to reduce a garment’s carbon footprint. The work she has been doing is not just about bringing changes within her own brand but also, inspiring other to change theirs too. The London Fashion Week 2019, shared emphasis on highlighting sustainability issues within the fashion industry, under the hashtag #SustainableMe. There is an amalgamation of a two way approach to this agenda. Part one comprises a talk series bringing together the voices of change from the fashion industry in a curated talk show with BBC Earth. The second part comprises a release of capsule eveningwear collection of nine pieces exclusively with Net-A-Porter.com, designed in conjunction with BBC Earth, which builds on the success of its ground-breaking No Frills line of truly sustainable clothing including beautiful silk dresses you would want to wear to summer parties under the sun.   What’s common between a political commentator and a jewellery designer? Their passion for their work and the respect they exhibit for each other. The same can be said about Monicka Vadera and Tehseen Poonawalla. They believe that in order to grow in any relationship, one must find a solid support system in each other. Even though they don’t interfere in each other’s work, they still take time during the day to discuss, advise and consult each other. Excerpts: What is keeping you two busy these days?
	Tehseen: I’ve been touring the country for my television show on Zee News as 2019 parliamentary elections are just around the corner.    
	Monicka: I am on a sabbatical from designing fashion jewellery for my brand MVJ to invest more time and energy into fine jewellery collection. I have recently collaborated with a Delhi-based jeweller to create a bespoke heritage jewellery using rare and sparsely used precious stones. How did the two of you met?
	By sheer chance! A common friend from Mumbai was visiting Delhi and their plans to meet up with us individually coincided due to time constraints.
	 
What have learnt from each other?
	Tehseen: I have learnt how to love. I love how she balances work and personal time. 
	Monicka: He has taught me to be more grounded, patient and giving. Every conversation with him stimulates both the heart and mind.   Is there anything that annoys you about the other?
	Tehseen: The only thing that bugs me is her OCD. She won’t rest till everything is absolutely perfect.
	Monicka: My husband is a workaholic. He cannot balance schedules or make any personal or social plans because of this. Everything is perpetually impromptu, which gets me a little riled up every now and then. Do you ever plan to collaborate with each other? 
	Absolutely! Our country has resources that go waste on a daily basis. We are currently in the planning stages of a pan-India project, where we will help distribute these resources to those who have no means or are underprivileged. Trussardi has sold out a major portion of its shares to QuattroR, an asset management company.
	The luxury brand owning a flagship store and a cafe on Milan's one of the most lavish areas of real estate is recently bought by an Italian family-owned company. The Trussardi walks in the steps of Versace and Missoni families. Versace is said to have sold a major part of its stake to Michael Kors group and the smaller stake to Italian private equity company FSi.
	The families backing Salvatore Ferragamo and Tod’s are being kept under observation for they might sell the luxury brands for success. 
	The arrangement, worth €50m, will occur by means of a NewCo that sees QuattroR taking a stake of around 60 per cent in Trussardi SpA. Tomaso Trussardi, the family scion, will remain administrator, surrendering official forces.
	Mr Morante, director of QuattroR, said the Trussardi securing underlined QuattroR's central goal and job to help mid and vast Italian corporates needing monetary rebuilding. 
	  Jewellery designer Eina Ahluwalia surprised everyone when one of her earliest collection had contact details of divorce lawyers inscribed. Years later, her sister Atikaa—in thick of the #metoo movement—took a courageous stand when she chose to share her story of abuse and triumph with the world. Together, they are a formidable force combining their energies to create something that is not just jewellery but a ‘battlecry’. Excerpts: When did you decide to collaborate professionally? Do you often agree to disagree?
	Eina: Atikaa has been the bedrock on which we have had the confidence to take steps into the national and international sphere. She is also my first and most valued critic. She helps to edit, add and delete keeping the market in mind. Our brand is an extension of who we are. And even though we may have different personalities, our basic ideologies are the same.  
	Atikaa: I left my corporate career in retail in 2009 to join Eina as I could see the immense potential. We both bring different perspectives into the business and tend to agree on most things. For minor differences, we arrive at a conclusion after a discussion. What have you learnt from each other?
	Eina: I have learnt to let go, create processes and support structures, and most importantly to delegate.  I’ve also leant why not to feel guilty about taking much-needed breaks. 
	Atikaa: I’ve observed what patience and meticulous detail can do, how she conceptualises a collection, designs, or even the way she has done up our studio in Kolkata. It taught me that creating beautiful things takes time, be it jewellery or life.
	 
Is there anything that annoys you?
	Eina: Nothing at all! I feel lucky to have her as a sister, supporter, protector, encourager and nurturer.
	Atikaa: Eina is capable of putting in endless hard work into anything she puts her mind to. I need to put work aside after a certain time of the day. I would feel a bit better about myself if she wasn’t this hard working! What’s in store this year?
	Eina: We plan to do things a bit more differently this year, breaking away from industry norms. 
	Atikaa: We are focusing on better content creation and a regular, monthly drop of fresh designs, as opposed to the traditional model of seasonal collections. Offering one stop solution to all the brides aOnd the families, Aza made sure to strike the chord right. Dr Alka Nishar, founder at Aza, had clearly envisioned the idea where she wanted everything under one roof. Today, she is taking Aza to places together with her daughter, Devangi Nishar Parekh. Excerpts: As we begin the New Year, tell us some of the key projects that you are working on for the year? 
	Our focus this year is on innovation, expansion, and consolidation. On the innovation front, we are integrating new technologies on our digital platform Azafashions.com as well as at Aza’s brick and mortar stores to improve the overall customer experience. Expansion is top of the agenda; this includes aggressive growth online, and shipments to more countries. Consolidation leads to data and information of inform buying decisions for better sell-throughs.  Every person has different sets of ideas to offer. How do you both maintain your synergy?
	Discussion is the key to maintaining a synergy of ideas and nurturing a healthy relationship. It is important to share information and openly talk about issues, concerns or questions. Everything can be solved with some brainstorming and dialogue.
	 
When working on a project or ideas, how do you both come to a conclusion? Are the decisions amicable or do they end up in a debate?
	Debates are healthy, promoting the exchange of ideas and often resulting in better digestion of new concepts for both of us. It is good to disagree sometimes. Working together wouldn’t be as fun if there weren’t differences in opinion.   Tell us about some skills that you have learnt from each other.
	Devangi: My mother’s extensive experience in entrepreneurship, fashion, strategy and people management comes with tremendous maturity, knowledge and wisdom. She’s more often than not always right about things, and her intuition is unnervingly accurate.
	Alka: Devangi has a lot of energy. She always has some fresh new ideas to offer, and demonstrates unlimited enthusiasm to grow and be stronger in each area.
	 
What is the most annoying thing about each other?
	There isn’t anything annoying as such. It’s honestly quite fun, working together and resolving work issues gives us a good excuse to hang out more often and keep chatting. Victoria Beckham just made a big announcement for her autumn/winter 2019 collection, to maintain a strict no fur policy across all her future designs, extending it to restrict the use of exotic animal skins. She states that, as a business, they have preferred the use of more ethically sourced products, having lesser environmental impact. Victoria has never seen using fur in any of its collections lately and shall maintain the strict fur free policy throughout for some time. She pledges to cease the use of exotic skins completely in her upcoming collections. The decision relies not only on the wishes of the brand, but also keeping in mind the customers.  PETA has been campaigning against the use of snake skins in the fashion industry, gave its thumbs-up to the move. ‘Victoria Beckham’s’ decision to ban exotic skins will spare countless remarkable animals immense suffering, and PETA calls on other luxury brands to follow her kind example,” said PETA director Elisa Allen. Victoria Beckham joins a whole host of designers including Vivienne Westwood, Diane von Furstenberg, and Chanel, who have all made the same compassionate decision by banning exotic skins from all designs.     We love the hat here. Jennifer Lopez is seen wearing a dress by Ralph & Russo. Our eyes were stuck on this piece. Cardi B is seen wearing Fall/Winter'95 Mugler dress. Subtle much? We love it anyway. Anna Kendrick is seen wearing a dress by Ralph & Russo. Sharp shoulders? We say yes. Janelle Monáe is seen wearing a dress by Jean Paul Gaultier. Power of pink? Kylie Jenner is wearing Balmain Haute Couture.  We are not sure if everyone has had enough of ‘blackface’ yet. There are a lot of brands that have recently touched sensitive issues and for obvious reasons, social media is beyond control and is fighting hard. Very recently, Gucci was in limelight after the brand was found selling a jumper which resembled a blackface to which social media responded and the brand pulled it down. Following this, it has been reported that the fashion brand owned by singer Katy Perry also had shoes selling on sale that resembled a blackface. The two items known as, “Rue face slip on loafers” and “Ora face block heel sandals” was selling online which featured faces with red lips on top of the shoes. The brand also sent out a statement that the items have been pulled out and their intention was not to inflict any pain. However, it seems unclear if the world is too sensitive or the brands are insensitive? Do let us know your views. We are waiting. It was a busy afternoon when one of my closest friends rang up. I received the call only to hear something I was not prepared for. “You are coming, right?” She asked. She had sent over her wedding invitation at my house as I sat completely unaware, to be precise, 1,340 miles away. I knew where this conversation was heading to and I answered, “Of course.”  It was three years back when I had bought my first ever pair of juttis, my Needledust juttis for my friend’s wedding. It was also the first time when, from the bottom of my heart, I had wanted to invest in a designer lehenga choli for her wedding, Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla couture being closest (my savings did not allow that though.)  I also remember the first time when I stepped into a Needledust boutique in Delhi. It was nothing short of a candy shop to me, luring me to every piece on the shelves and actually buying everything. What stopped me was the fear of my mother screaming at the top of her voice! Three years later, she was finally getting married. While researching for my wardrobe, I got another good news. Designer duo Abu Jani & Sandeep Khosla were collaborating with Shirin Mann of Needledust. I couldn’t contain my excitement. Not for the fact that it was an interesting collaboration but because I knew what I was picking next for my shoe wardrobe. But, before that I needed to do something that involved getting in touch with these designers for an interview to know how this collaboration came about. How important footwear really are, I asked? “Footwear is a powerful style accessory. Juttis, in particular, are beyond beautiful. Whether one wears them with saris, lehenga or as a boom accessory with jeans. Shirin Mann has taken juttis a notch higher. It was an instinctive decision to join forces and create this collection,” Abu and Sandeep tell us talking about their collaboration. Over the years, label AJSK has created signature looks for celebrities such as Jennifer Lopez, Sophie Turner, Aishwarya Rai Bachhan with the latest being industrialist Mukesh Ambani’s daughter Isha Ambani for her wedding. Needledust, too, paved its way through every star’s heart. I wanted to know more.  I asked Shirin about the collaboration, about the idea of coming together with the designer duo. “I felt we had a lot in common in terms of aesthetics, the fun and quirky aspect of fashion too,” she says. Their synergies matched in just a few meetings. They envisioned brides-to-be and their families, and what they would love to wear. When they got down to the drawing board, the ideas came through effortlessly. Their first collection took inspiration from AJSK’s bridal trousseau, an ode to the label’s design history. The juttis are decorated with iconic motifs using traditional embroidery techniques. “This collection is all about bringing drama on the floor, standing out, even while matching steps with every type of garments. This line is different from what we have done before,” Shirin says.  The embroidery techniques and patterns are a visual treat. Everything such as fine zardozi, kaleidoscopic mirrors, geometric patterns, dabka work and colourful resham and beads add boho-chicness to the classics. For their first collection, the designers chose a soothing colour palette with hints of vibrancy. Much like our favourite glazed donuts sprinkled with rainbow pops.  Designed for a modern woman, who is exciting and dramatic as well as calm and composed, these juttis are not timeless. They capture the Indian heritage brightly and are crafted in a way that they can be worn the entire day, all through the night. It has mission ‘Born of India’ etched everywhere as Shirin puts it. “As designers, we believe in unfettered creativity that spans across the colour spectrum. Our personal favourites are cream, off-whites and beiges. However there is room for every hue in our imagination,” the designer duo says. For the jutti collection, though, they widened the horizons to incorporate colours such as yellow, cobalt blue, fuchsia pink, ivory and silver. As both the brands have their strong individualities, we asked what was the one thing that they might have picked up from each other? While Shirin loved their “infectious creative energy”, the designer duo loved Shirin’s “can-do spirit and the desire to achieve anything 
	sans compromise.” Needledust is one of the first brands to  give juttis its rightful spot on the fashion map. “We are proud of what we have built over the years and the niche that Needledust has created. It was a delight to design juttis for Deepika Padukone’s mehendi gifts. Also, for Priyanka Chopra’s wedding, we had an exclusive pop up shop in Jodhpur. I was thrilled to see friends of Nick Jonas, loving traditional Indian footwear from Needledust. I feel more motivated each day to achieve greater heights,” Shirin says. With the first collection already in place, there is more to come from these three creative minds this year. It was one morning when amidst the excitement for fashion weeks and a new fashion season approaching, there also came a havoc. It was when a much loved brand Gucci, highlighted models wearing turbans, hijabs on the runway. This was during their Fall/Winter 2018 show at Milan Fashion Week. With rays of criticism pointing towards them from all the directions, the brand was held for cultural appropriation. And the story just doesn’t end here. We begin now. The brand was very recently criticised for selling a ‘blackface’ jumper. To make our point clear, in the 19th century, blackface was a form of makeup that was used by non-black people to represent a black person. Through this, the performers mocked the portrayal that Africans-Americans were inferior in any way. The blackface jumper which was being sold by Gucci has now been taken down after the audience reached out to social media in the wake of this event. The brand also posted an apology stating that their team believes in diversity and the incident will prove to be learning for the entire team. Last year, in the month of December, Prada too was accused of racism after they introduced monkey trinkets (Pradamalia) which more or less looked like blackface. Or, if we remember, Dolce & Gabanna’s lace up sandals that were named, ‘slave sandals’ in the year 2016?  In the end, we question: Do the fashion houses do not consider this as a faux pas? Or is it just another way to seek attention; however, not needed. Because, surely being able to dance for twice as long is no bad thing! A peculiar phenomenon swept the streets recently - girls actually stayed on their feet. And while the stumbles and spills and the pratfalls we've all been through, it was kind of a relief to see shoes reaching totally wearable and comfortable new lows. Reigning over everything, the congenial and chic shoes are here to prove their versatility. Infiltrating the walks of Dolce and Gabbana, Bottega Veneta, Marc Jacobs and various others this season, loafers, slides, ballet flats and slippers make for the perfect fit for every outfit. I know all of us normal girls who lead a normal life have had a pair of ballet flats in our wardrobes for years now. Without them we’d at the very least be laid up on our couches with a horrible case of ‘My feet hurt so much I can't stop whining long enough’. However, this season all you ladies reunite and follow the motto of party hard with ease of your footsteps.  So, it’s time to show those pilate legs at every step you take with these chic evening wear options that will not only accentuate your personal style but will also take you from desk to date with ease.   An aesthete by default and a businesswoman by choice, Sangita Sinh Kathiwada had a vision. Two and a half decade later, her idea is still relevant.  Growing up in a royal family in Madhya Pradesh, Sangita Sinh Kathiwada had the access to best of things, especially fabrics. But instead of taking them for granted, Sangita imbibed values of nurturing and preserving from her grandmother, mother and aunts. Years later, that value system helped her set up Mélange—the multi-designer store—at a time when it was still an alien concept. “I’m a person who has got ants in her pants, 24x7,” Sangita says with a hearty laughter. Sitting surrounded by fabrics, even as we speak, Sangita tells us how she felt there was a lack of quality clothes made with natural fabrics and decided to make it herself. “I had to do what I believed in. If I want to wear cotton clothes, then I very well make them and share them with other people. I can’t just talk. So, I decided to walk the talk,” Sangita says.  With her family standing by her idea, she knew she had to give people a refined aesthetic. It was a time when nylon and synthetics were easily accessible. She wanted to change that. Mélange was, thus, born.  Mélange, started in a 100-year-old wine cellar in Mumbai, not only offered a visual and sensory experience through its collections, it also discovered design talents from across the country. Most of her discoveries—Wendell Rodricks, Narendra Kumar, Sabyasachi Mukherjee, Sanjay Garg, Anavilla Mishra, Aneeth Arora—are biggest names of the Indian fashion fraternity.  But, it wasn’t an easy fête. Not just as a concept, but also because she decided to give sustainability its rightful spot. “It was extremely challenging. I was constantly questioned by media, even some designers, why was I so hell-bent on including 100 per cent natural fabric clothing,” Sangita recalls.  She is among first few entrepreneurs to put a blanket ban on the use of plastic bags. What’s the point of advocating sustainability when you are handing over organic cotton clothes in a plastic bag, she asks. She was challenged at every step. It only made her stronger.  Sangita did find like-minded people as she chose to work with designers who were in sync with her value system. “I also looked for creativity and was okay if it came from some sort of an eccentric madness. I never liked people who follow the ‘right’ path and make something just because that’s what people want,” she says. Sangita is of an opinion that if someone follows their creativity, people will accept it, even if their idea is wild and efforts are sincere.  “Ramesh Nair, Narendra Kumar and I did some radical things 25 years years ago and were accepted.” She talks about experimenting with uneven hemlines, innovative accessories and newer ways of using Khadi. Even today, she works with her all-time favourite fabrics such as handspun mulmul, handwoven Khadi and jamdani. Only when someone takes a chance and scratches the surface, they can create a revolution. What has changed in last two decades, we ask her. “As a race, we have become insensitive. A culture of disposal, which is Western in origin, has set in,” Sangita says. She points out how in our culture, sustainability is not forced; it is a way of life. “We are re-cyclist and up-cyclist. People may call us hoarders, but we know how to reuse our belongings in the best way possible. We pass down our clothes to younger generation.”  She feels that what is being done to sustain fashion is only a drop in the ocean. We have abused our planet so much that to reverse it, we’ve to make humungous efforts. It is with every single individual having an awareness that change will come, not just with big talks and conferences. “Do you realise that at these ‘sustainable’ conferences, they serve water in plastic bottle or terrafoam glasses. Why can’t we bring out own bottle from home?”  With absolutely no fear of sounding cynical, she says that these conferences should be checked for their carbon footprint. She also finds it intriguing how people over-use tissues at a restaurant. “For five boxes of tissue papers, one tree is chopped!” Talking of responsible fashion, we discuss how younger generation of designers has found different models of sustainability. While Rahul Mishra would not like kaarigars to uproot themselves from their villages and would rather go to them, Sanjay Garg of Raw Mango has created a safe cocoon for his team of kaarigars at his studio in Delhi, nurturing them along and getting inspired by them.  “I feel both the models are good. Any system will work, as long as it is not forced. Their collections were the first ones to come to Mélange that were crafted by paramparik kaarigar,” Sangita says. Till a couple of years ago, Sangita met every designer before taking them onboard. Now the process has become digital, at least the first few steps.  “Unlike earlier times, we now receive close to ten requests a day. When a collection speaks to me, I pick it up. After that the merchandising team gets the best that suits our DNA,” Sangita says.  With so much happening in the design world, Melange’s in-house clothing line has taken a backseat. There was a studio for 12 years, where she worked with young designers Lilian and Ranjee Chatargar to create the collections, using natural textiles, such as Khadi. But, as she said, she is not the one to sit back and relax.  After the workshop, Sangita has a passion project up her sleeves, the Kathiwada Project. She is involved in refurbishing hunting lodge into boutique heritage hotel, wellness and sports retreats, organic farming and social development in Kathiwada, her husband’s ancestral home in Madhya Pradesh.  Design has been an integral part of her growing up, and later her passion. The Morarka Foundation is, thus, is closest to her heart that lets her work towards heritage conservation. She also works closely with weavers in a remote areas of Madhya Pradesh. She brings her educational qualification as a textile designer, graduate in history of Indian art and interior design together to create magic, be it on fabrics or walls.  A self-proclaimed obsessive-compulsive person, she tries to put everything in order, even if it means irking a few people. “I recently moved in my new home and was putting a few things in order while doing the puja, only to see the pundit giving me a glare,” she laughs. It’s some sort of an obsession but, she think things should look beautiful whatever once choses to
	do. “Creating harmony is very important to me.” Back in Kathiwada, she is trying to set a few things right. “Boys and girls stay and study at our ashram. I also work with sanitation and hygiene, talking to young girls about the importance of using sanitary napkin, which is provided to them by us. So, it’s farm to fabrics to fashion to finances that occupy me completely,” Sangita says.  As soon as she wrapped up an exhibition to mark 25th anniversary of Mélange, she  got busy thinking of  ways to bring about change and harmony.  By Nidhi Raj Singh I vividly remember meeting designer Tarun Tahiliani for the first time in 2008. His tall frame loomed over me and most others waiting to interview him before his show at India Fashion Week. As an earnest (read: anxious) reporter for Fashion Design Council of India (it used to bring out Designer Mode magazine back then), I had a long list of questions. As we sat down for the interview in quietest possible corner of MSA in Ashoka Hotel, he asked me in his baritone voice: “Yes kid, what would you like to know?” Needless to say, I froze. My piece was more about his persona grata than his collection. I met Tarun on several occasions after that. More often than not, it was for a different reason, a new project, unlike the previous one and yet connected on a sublime level. He has dabbled into designing exquisite rugs and jewellery, offered patronage to antique Oslers and many things in between, while staying strong in Indian fashion fraternity.  And all this is only a follow up to setting up Ensemble in 1987 with his wife Sailaja —what can be touted as first-of-its-kind multi-designer store — and establishing his eponymous label. Most designers I talked to told me stories of his keen sense for fashion and a knack for discovering talent. Designer Ashish Soni, who is among those celebrating their two decades in Indian fashion, told me in an earlier interview about his first meeting with Tarun. “I was busy in my non-descript studio in Lajpat Nagar, when Tarun came looking for me after tracking me down from a store in Bangalore that retailed my menswear. He walked up the staircase and told me that he would like to stock my creations.” Like me, Ashish too, was speechless. So, this time, when I heard about Tarun Tahiliani formally setting up an interior and architecture firm, I wasn’t surprised, just intrigued. Not surprised because he has taken up interiors projects for hotels in Goa and a dozen homes before. Intrigued because of his unfailing enthusiasm for creative processes. Apart from his son nudging him to diversify formally into interiors, it was Tarun’s love for architecture that led him to start Ahilia Homes. “I like the permanence of architecture. I love rearranging things and spaces. Interior architecture comes naturally to me,” Tarun says. For his fashion shows too, he treats the runway as a canvas, as an extension of his drape-heavy collections, be it those giant flower spheres, the golden façade or the enchanted garden. Tarun is a perfectionist. I remember him fussing over music and ‘just right’ volume at his rug collection showcase at Bikaner House in Delhi. “I want everyone to listen to each other while enjoying the music. Background music should be, well, in the background,” Tarun said, fidgeting with his signature black shirt and waistcoat. His sister, Tina Tahiliani Parikh, who takes care of Ensemble as its Executive Director told us about her brother’s obsession with perfection. “By 1990, he had already turned the family business around, converting it into fashion retail, and still felt a strong desire to study design,” Tina said. He came back from FIT, New York consumed with a passion for design. The talent spotter became a talented designer. Rest, as they say, is history.  History is what Tarun is busy creating, brick by brick. With Ahilia Homes. We did our calculation to deduce that the name is inspired by mythological character Ahalya, the most beautiful woman created by lord Brahma. But, it is actually derived from Tahiliani, removing first and last three letters. Over the years, Tarun has transformed the way Indian brides dress. He now plans to transform how we live. “A home should be a reflection of its owners. Aesthetic is subjective, but comfort and luxury are not,” Tarun says. Since preferences are subjective, he does not mind incorporating its clients’ wishes, such as specific colour palette or motif. “We will make such detailed plans that every square inch of the house is planned beforehand. It will help the client to see the concept before execution and we can adapt in any way we need to before the actual work begins,” he says.  Tarun Tahiliani is a master storyteller when it comes to amalgamating traditional textiles and modern sensibilities. No surprises then that his love for tradition, fabrics and drapes will follow through. “I have always loved the sense of drape. So, I will definitely be using layering… laterite juxtaposed with black stone and off-white marble tumbled walkways balanced with wooden deck.”  By using locally sourced materials (handmade bamboo blinds, chattai on the ceiling, antique Goan furniture), he plans to integrate elements of nature and make the sustainable, sensible choices. “It has never been an option for me to stuff a house with Italian marbles. I would use elements, say exotic onyx, because of a project’s demand, but will always prefer to use local materials,” Tarun says.  This message was taught to him in the brief retreat visits he made to the Sarabhai ancestral home and from seeing Mani Ben Sarabhai’s Corbusier cement home. “It was so natural and beautiful with art, tradition, modernity coming together as one, even while it invited peacocks to wander about. I have never seen anything exist so beautifully with nature,” he adds.  Tarun would rather re-examine what they have and find ways to contemporise it rather than creating sometging that sticks out in its surroundings. Take for example, the home he designed in Goa. He used a lot of laterite walls, Indian stones, mosaics coupled with traditional handmade brass. “It gets layered and evolves in an Indian way, but because we are interacting it with every day, it is modern too, much like architects Sameep Padora or Ini Chatterjee’s works,” he says. Interior design space hasn’t even been scratched on the surface and is just about picking up in India, according to him.  But homes and hotels are not the only spaces that fascinate Tarun. “A lot of monumental buildings have been destroyed. The Red Fort is one of them. I understand that after the mutiny and the uprising of 1857, the British destroyed a lot of it and decided to house their troops and barracks within the fort. But, it can be looked at differently now.” He doesn’t feel that any of the monuments in Delhi are in a state to inspire awe. They need to be looked at as living spaces, he feels. Is restoration on the cards, I wonder.  For now, he is concentrating on interiors projects for villas and residences he has undertaken in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Goa. So, one can find him in Ahilia Homes studio almost every day. “I leave my couture studio and head straight to the architectural studio in the evening. The runway is my first love and designing homes is an extension of that expression,” Tarun says.  He might have accomplished a lot in his career, but still feels only halfway through. Even as he toys with the idea of doing a very severe tailored line, I am reminded of something that singer and guitar virtuoso Prince once said: “the key to longevity is to learn every aspect of music that you can.” Tarun Tahiliani seems to be doing just that. His music being design.     Lead by a visionary designer and pioneer of handcrafted garments, Ritu Kumar, the brand has been seamlessly fusing tradition with modernity. With a palette of fresh colours and a contemporary vibe, its new collection documents a journey from Bengal to Maharashtra. It is aptly named Beautiful Hands. But, there is a twist in the tale. Aditi Rao Hydari has played the muse. We chatted with the actor and Amrish Kumar, CEO at Ritu Kumar to get a peek into the design story.  How did the collaboration come about? Aditi: Very organically actually. I have spent a lot of time at Ritu Kumar’s house, who I call maasi, while growing up. To a young me, her home was nothing short of a beautiful museum. In my opinion, Ritu maasi has a revival instinct much before it became cool for our generation. Amrish:The label is evolving and so is a Ritu Kumarwoman. She possesses an innate sense of self, is strong, resilient while also being sophisticated, refined and stylish. She is earthy and has an effortless, understated grace about her. Aditi embodies the Ritu Kumarwoman very naturally. She is a personification of all these qualities.  As Aditi said that she practically grew up at your place. How did the friendship between the two of you grow? Amrish: I have known Aditi for a long time. She’s still a bit of a child with her young, vivacious personality. I don’t think she is anything other than the girl I have known since college. Our friendship hasn’t changed over the years. Aditi:I would spend hours chatting with Amrish, his brother, all their cousins and family members. For them I am not Aditi, the actor, but the teenaged Aditi who would come back from Bharatnatyam practice with her hair in two braids. To me, they are friends like family.  What’s the new collection all about? Aditi: There is certain softness to the collection and free flowing silhouettes. The colours of autumn such as ochre, deep blue and cream have been used. Amrish: For autumn/winter 2018, we take the patrons on a journey from the eastern villages of Bengal to the beaches of Maharashtra, capturing the essence of the artisans’ beautiful work. The collection features a range of boho-chic kurta dresses, tunics and jacket style kurtas with unique prints such as patola and ikat with easy-to-wear silhouettes. The dominant colours in this story are deep reds, mustard yellows, ecrus, and other earthy hues found in nature. And this says that the collection is closer to your ethos? Amrish:The collection is relaxed and free spirited. Brand new ideas and the hands that translate them to beautiful pieces allow the viewer to enjoy age-old traditions in a fresh light. The story of this collection is told through generations of skilled craftsmen and encapsulates the history of textile design and embellishments at Ritu Kumar. From screen-printing to colour mixing, Beautiful Handspays tribute to the traditions that exist and are created with each collection. It also embraces innovations happening in traditional Indian craftsmanship fueled by digital technology as well as pure human creativity.  Aditi, tell us about your favourite piece from the collection. My favourite look is the midnight velvet set that can be mixed and matched or worn as separates. I also love the sanganeri ajrakh print maxi dress that I plan to wear wither with a belt or team with pants.  The campaign for this collection was shot on the beach. What was that process like? To match the clothes, we wanted the campaign to be light, out of the studio. We chose sandy shores and pockets of forest in Alibaug creating the right mix of carefree and meditative moods. Describe the collection in one word? Rooted aesthetics… two words, sorry! With an ideology to reinterpret objects around ourselves and make sublime of what is considered commonplace is magical and eye-catching. This is what Khaore believes in. This accessories label wants to redefine the way one looks at its pieces—the handbags. They conceive of the ubiquitous handbags as ‘art with utility.’ The idea of Khaore took birth in the minds of two young graduates, Raiheth Rawla and Wei Hung Chen, who studied at Parsons, the New School of Design at New York City. The young minds within their graduation years found their calling. They knew their interest is in exploring the accessories segment and give them almost a sculptural feel.   In addition, what was unimaginable was the name they found themselves. We could not help but ask them how they christened such a unique name  for their brand. “The name Khaore, I believe, is a perky take on my mother’s maiden name, Kaur. We loved the sound of it, however wanted to make the visual seemingly ambiguous so, we played with different letters and sound combinations,” reveals Raiheth.   So, what exactly is “responsible” about the brand? What they have taken on their stride is not just sculpting unique handbag pieces but making items that are green and eco-friendly. This responsible brand is all set to launch a biodegradable leaf bag. “Raiheth and Wei are working on this bag along with a florist and biochemical engineer to provide the consumers with the leaf bag. It would be made out of a banana leaf, that lasts them for about a period of 10 years, before it disintegrates completely.”   With plenty of questions popping up in mind, at first, we questioned ourselves: Will the biodegradable bag make us realise the value of this possession? Or is it time for us to put up a thought on their novel idea.   Initially, while the founders were busy looking for raw material possibilities to make a bag, they themselves got intrigued as they came upon the idea of creating a biodegradable bag. As we put forward questions, they also made sure to clear the air. “If we could create a biodegradable bag out of a leaf and extending its lifespan to last 10 years, what would be its impact on the user experience and expectations of the bag? Would it still hold the same meaning as a regular bag, or would the fragile nature and ticking timeline make the user reassess the way in which they valued, treated and used the bag, further putting into perspective the objects that compromise their daily lives and the importance of their presence,” questions Raiheth.   Based out of NYC what makes Raiheth true to her brand ethos is the way she puts a name to her collection and how she structures the pieces. The names that she gives her collection and pieces are a direct reference to the object or concept that inspired the bag. Her recent collection was named Roadside which was in relation to her life spent in New York and India (where she grew up). For this collection, her bags were inspired by the objects as seen, for example, garbage bags, traffic cones, stacked boxes, and jute baskets. For the structure of their bags, they constantly keep in touch with their ideas,  they make sure their ideas are discussed over coffee to allow them the liberty of re-imagining them. It is followed by experimentation which ends up in developing eccentric shapes and contours of handbags.   Raiheth tells us, her surroundings in both India and New York have inspired her creations up until now. The hustle and bustle in India  and New York may not be the same but they do give her futuristic sustainable ideas to make hay while the sun shines. “This constant stimulation and saturation of people is something that I also found in New York, and makes me feel at home. The city is always buzzing, always on the move, and sometimes, the weirdest things will happen and you just have to go along with it. A year spent in either is like 10 years spent anywhere else,” she says.   For Raiheth, imagination is overflowing from all around the corner as Khaore’s new collection is getting on for its launch later this year. Yet, we are grappling with, “What is it that you carry?” Does the trompe l’oeil look mean the beginning of the end of the traditional bag? Well, time and the accompanying take on Khaore’s quirky ideas will tell.  I was delighted this past March when I saw photographs of my friends,  designers Rahul Mishra and Manish Arora, having dinner with Emmanuel Macron, president of France, and his wife, Brigitte, at the Élysée Palace in honor of the fashion industry’s top creative who had gathered in Paris for Fashion Week. Speaking about the event Macron told the New York Times newspaper, “My deepest wish is that creators, whether they come from India, Japan, Africa, the United States or China, will consider coming to our country.”   I was proud of Rahul and Manish, and proud of India.   Shortly after that I saw images of a celebrity in California wearing clothes from another friend, Aneeth Arora, and her label Péro. And as spring turned to summer I was excited again, this time when my own brand was featured at the influential boutique Aerin in East Hampton, N.Y.    What struck me about all of this were the similarities between the companies. While the actual products are quite different, they are all homegrown, creating and producing their original content in India. Furthermore, they all rely heavily on handicrafts and part of their marketing message is the handmade story, whether the technique is weaving, embroidery, or printing, and all of the clothes are modern, not traditional Indian silhouettes.  It then occurred to me that we cannot explore the subject of Indian design and craft in the world today, about achievements, challenges, and potential, without considering the wider context of the global fashion market in its entirety with all of its facets. And this is when India’s potential becomes very exciting because, generally speaking, the fashion consumer-goods business is deeply flawed. Some might even say that it is sick.    GLOBAL FASHION SCENE In October of last year the Swedish fashion retailer H&M was accused of burning 12 tones of unsold garments per year in spite of their ongoing sustainability efforts. Though they denied the claim, there is strong evidence that the fashion giant has incinerated approximately 60 tones of usable, unsold clothing over the past few years, according to the journal BoF and research from the Danish television program Operation X from TV2. In July of this year the BBC reported that the British luxury brand Burberry destroyed unsold clothes, accessories and perfume worth £28.6 million last year to protect its brand from being diluted by the discounting of overstock. The report says that this takes the total value of goods Burberry has destroyed over the past five years to more than £90 million.  The global fashion industry is sick, and the illness revolves around a complex industrial economy built on competition and consumption driven by low costs achieved through large-scale production. Hungry for ever more growth this monster is spreading as international brands enter emerging markets whose aspirational inhabitants are eager to embrace the consumption so many equate with a higher standard of living. And, while consumers, mostly in developed markets, have benefited from low prices, the unseen costs are causing growing disenchantment. The ugly side of this value-chain often includes unfair wages for workers, environmental degradation, and waste.    Young people feel strongest about the destructive effects of unsustainable mass production. 66 per cent of global millennials say they are willing to spend more on brands that are sustainable, according to the State of Fashion 2018 report by BoF & McKinsey. Nearly 90 per cent believe they will help create more sustainable products by convincing businesses and governments to change existing practices, according to research by LIM College, a school dedicated to the business of fashion in New York. In the same study, an equal percentage of respondents said they would be willing to boycott a fashion brand if it was not sustainable.   HEALING BALM Sitting alongside this alarming image of a global fashion industry run amok is India with her vast ecosystem of craft and cottage industries. As if preserved in a bell jar, the nation contains the largest concentration of skilled craftspeople on the planet. The reason for this is manifold and complex, and can be the subject of much study and debate; nevertheless this reservoir of seemingly primordial know-how exists today throughout the country, even if it is under threat and, as many believe, is in decline. It is almost as if an archaic, agrarian, pre-industrial, system of low-carbon production has been preserved in a vacuum for exactly the type of crisis we now face.    It is widely known that, from earliest antiquity until the 19th century, India mastered the global textile trade, particularly for cotton fabrics. Archeological studies reveal technological and aesthetic innovations in agriculture and the textile arts of spinning, weaving, and printing in the Indus River Civilization as early as the Bronze Age (c. 2600 – c. 1900 BCE) that were far superior to those in other parts of the world. This led to the establishment of craft-clusters across the sub-continent that dominated global trade from Rome to Africa and Japan for millennia, influencing markets through superior design and quality. The industrial revolution of the 19th century helped end India’s textile supremacy, and in the 20th century her rich handicraft traditions were thought to be a byproduct of economic dysfunction and stagnant growth (colonialism played a big role).    While it is obvious that we must seek cleaner forms of machine-made, industrial mass production, it is also apparent that, at the upper-end of the quality spectrum, India can offer the world an artisanal alternative that is flexible, sustainable, and truly luxurious. It is with this in mind that the craftspeople of India can offer the world a healing balm for its ailing fashion business, but in order to scale craft to address modern commercialism it must be carefully and fairly managed. And, while foreign designers can and do utilise the techniques still alive in India, it is the homegrown talent within India, designers and brands such as Manish Arora, Rahul Mishra, and Pero, that are best positioned to nurture this fragile, handmade ecosystem into a modern age of global importance.  We recently completed 72 years of Independence and as a nation have evolved from strength to strength. Our biggest strength, however, lies in the pool of talent that has emerged in different fields. We are a densely populated country with a plethora of unique skills, creativity and innovation coming in from different parts. The daily struggles may differ for each one of us, but united we are, working towards greater growth and awareness.    Unlike earlier, travelling became more of a necessity and could not be clubbed as luxury. With more and more Indians globetrotting for work, leisure and education the exposure to Western sensibilities has increased multifold. The understanding of different cultures has definitely challenged our limited perception and the choices we make. Whether lifestyle or fashion, our choices have definitely evolved. Specifically with fashion, comparison between Western and homegrown designers is inevitable. In any case, what I love and appreciate about the Indian fashion industry is the distinct identity that we have created for ourselves, which is rooted in our heritage yet contemporary in our approach.     The finest fabrics coupled with precision and artisanal excellence forms the basis of Indian designs. In carving our niche, we have consciously strived to incorporate our unique crafts in our designs. For instance, zardozi, phulkari, ikat and kalamkari find expression in our designs. In our print inspired collections we work with elements that will complement the Indian consumer. The influence of West on the structure and cuts is undeniable, but even there, as Indian designers, we inherently have an understanding of the selection and preferences of our clientele and try to subtly fuse Indian and Western sensibilities that sets us apart from global designer. At The Designer Boutique on Amazon Fashion, for example, we haven’t shied away from working with graphics and digital prints, integrated peplum, asymmetrical cuts, puffed sleeves.     Rina Dhaka can work the magic of ruffles and pastels in Indian saris beautifully. Krishna Mehta can play the magic of rich threadwork in a cheerful colour palette that complements the Indian complexion.    Indian designers are constantly growing and exploring techniques that can better their collection. The world is a smaller, more accessible place now for both designers and consumers. Ideas are shared on social media and magazines. But, the flip side is that this constant exchange of information and ideas makes it difficult for the creator and the buyer to maintain complete authenticity.    Apart from the standard designer wear, we have seen other aspects of Indian fashion grow leaps and bounds as well. This year, we saw Just F by Jacqueline Fernandez, one of the first athleisure wear brands for women (exclusively available on Amazon Fashion), the designs offer a sense of freedom in a beautiful colour palette.    The Indian market has also evolved to offer an unparalleled selection to the globetrotting Indian who is unwilling to compromise  on the best.    Narendra Kumar is a designer and Creative Director at Amazon Fashion. Shivan & Narresh created a successful line solely for holidays. Then what pushed them to create a line of wedding wear for the millennial?  After creating India’s first exclusive holiday wear brand in 2009, designer duo Shivan Bhatia and Narresh Kukreja could have rested on their past laurels. Instead, they chose to diversify. Excerpts from an interview with the men behind the brand who changed the way Indians take a dip in the ocean (and how they emerge from it).    How has the cities of your birth influenced your design sensibilities?
	Narresh: I am from Delhi and Shivan is from Kanpur. Being born and raised in Delhi, the humdrum of the fast-paced city life always excited me. Shivan has spent a sizable portion of his childhood amid the botanical areas of Madhya Pradesh. A lot of his creative sensitivities, thus, come from this early age exposure to the flora and fauna, especially insects. Both our sensibilities are reflective in our designs where present day elements are juxtaposed next to the modern silhouette.  Your collections are often inspired by destinations and vacations.  Narresh: As designers, we are constantly looking for inspirations from new places that we travel to and discover unique elements in the art, architecture, flora and fauna that catch our eye. Our design trips to Japan and Seychelles were translated into our latest collections, Araki Series and EdoMer Series, respectively. From Japan, we took inspiration from the elaborate work of Japanese contemporary photographer Nobuyoshi Araki and his provocative imagery that was reflective in the botanical prints of the eponymous collection. EdoMer Series captured the historic 17th century Edo Art aesthetic.  You two met in NIFT Delhi. How did your friendship develop?
	Shivan: Yes, we met during our undergraduate studies in NIFT Delhi. With our complementing skill sets, we partnered and participated in international design competitions. One of them was Mare di Moda Beachwear Awards 2006 held in Bali and World of Wearable Art Awards 2006 in New Zealand that bagged us scholarships to pursue our education in Italy. While studying together, we decided to collaborate professionally.  Did you both want to design beachwear?  
	Narresh: Our exposure to the life and design in Italy gave us a fertile ground to explore swimwear and resortwear, which is considered as a mainstream fashion category in Europe. We wanted to bring the same element to India.   Do you have different roles? How often do you agree to disagree?
	Shivan: While the design process is common to the both of us, I handle the production side of the brand and Narresh oversees marketing.  
	You have always maintained that you would like Indian women to be comfortable in swimwear. How are you achieving that?
	Shivan: Indian women have always had a special relation with water and their recreational activities have been around water bodies, whether it were the Mughal stepwells or river banks. So, it was more than natural for us to conceive an aesthetic that married our heritage with a western concept of a swimsuit. We achieve this through our designs and experiment with silhouettes, cut-outs and technologically-advanced fabrics in pleasing colours and prints.   What were your initial thoughts about setting up something that was new to Indian fashion scene?  Shivan: The acceptance of swimwear in India is limited. It was challenging for us to setup and develop a business. Although we were apprehensive, swimwear was one of the few categories that allowed us to amalgamate our love for art and fashion. The absence of manufacturing, distribution, sales, marketing and communication channels were some of the initial hitches, along with training manpower, tutoring the retailer and most importantly educating the consumer to buy the right swimsuit. We did overcome these.  Two men designing beachwear for women: normal or extraordinary? Do you take inputs from women around you?
	Narresh: We understand the importance of their opinion and judgment, constantly taking their inputs. Being men, designing for women is an advantage as our approach towards composition is completely unbiased and free of personal views and opinions. It is easier for us to push creative boundaries.  Do you still work with the Lycra USA you were introduced to during  your stay in Italy?
	Shivan: Yes. Lycra is an important fabric for us. It is resistant to UV rays, chlorine, sunscreen, oils and lasts three times more than the regular swimsuit. What are the other fabrics that you use?
	Shivan: Apart from Lycra, we use light neoprene for lehengas and skirts, crepe silk for saris, silk satins for scarves, cover-ups and kaftans, satin lycra for playsuits and Italian polo jerseys.  Your neoprene skirts got a lot of takers including your fellow designer Masaba Gupta. Tell us about its functionality.
	Narresh: These are substitutes to a bride’s heavier counterparts that weigh her energies down. Owing to its functionality and ease of travel for destination weddings, the neoprene skirts are lighter options. 
What’s the idea behind the bikini sari?
	Narresh: A modernistic bathing suit that takes care of Indian societal sentiments. It can actually be draped in ten different ways. It can travel effortlessly from a beach to a bar, from a cocktail party to a destination wedding just by draping it over the shoulder.  Your surface texturing is stunning. What are the techniques you use?
	Narresh: It’s our signature Skeinwork. The handcrafted metal-brushed skeins are elaborately structured and layered into exhaustive patterns.  There are only a handful Indian beachwear brands. Your take?
	Shivan: The swimwear market in India is at its nascent stage and has a long way to go in terms of awareness and appreciation. Over the years, with the evolution of the consumer demographic to a well-travelled global one, the need for swimwear and resort wear as a lifestyle option has matured, which has subsequently seen a growth of acceptance of the products. We have observed imitations and copies around, but the colours and prints does not do justice to its real value that our connoisseurs relate with, especially our technologically-advanced textiles and strategic cuts.  Who has been your muse?
	Narresh: We, as designers, have been intrigued by the unique anatomy of the Indian woman. She is blessed with feminine curves that can be flaunted gracefully through our designs. The distinct body type with smaller torsos, fuller bust and hips, make Indian bodies look fabulous in a swimsuit.  Even at 79, Kenzo Takada is unstoppable. His décor line for Roche Bobois is part quirky, part sublime. By Nidhi Raj Singh Kenzo Takada created his eponymous brand that was essentially French with a Japanese influence, a near impossible fête to achieve. The man with an endearing smile is often spotted in the front row of Kenzo’s show applauding its young creative directors, Humberto Leon and Carol Lim. What is it about his designs that still make so much sense to the fashion world and in general that he has never practically hung his boots even after handing over the reins of Kenzo, the eponymous brand he founded in 1970, getting into exciting collaborations? We try to find out in an exclusive interview with the man himself.      What keeps you busy these days?
	I work and find some excitement with the projects on hand. I start my day with a workout and some yoga to stay healthy. In the afternoon, I join my team to check on aspects that require my attention. I also travel back and forth between France and Japan, a few times a year. I love visiting my native country.  Were you always inclined towards fashion and design?
	I knew at a very young age that I wanted to create. It could have been anything. It was during my teens that I realised that I wanted to be in fashion, since my primary influencers were films and magazines from Europe and the US. Were you influenced by anyone’s sense of style while growing up?
	Not particularly. But, when I flipped through my sister’s fashion magazines, there certainly was an impact. Japan was going through a very sobre period following the World War II, and it was a treat to see the joy of colours in magazines and films. Another influence was probably observing my mother’s kimono wearing process, with its many colours and graphics. The process of putting on a traditional kimono is long and not easy. In fact, it is very ceremonial.  Your designs have a beautiful balance between Japanese and French sensibilities. How do you achieve that?
	French design is, of course, more Western, influenced by its imperial and architectural origins. It can be art deco, with a certain sophistication, which is always eye-catching. In Japan, design is a lot more minimalistic, with a lesser presence of surrounding environments. When I started my brand in the early ’70s, I had to look for an identity, and I quickly realised that I had to go back to my roots. So, I decided to mix Japanese and occidental influences in my designs. Later on, I began mixing various cultures from around the world. For example, Mah Jong from the home decor collection that I designed for Roche Bobois, has a multicultural aspect to its design. It could easily belong to many different cultures. With its textiles based on No Theatre, we were able to reproduce elements from various cultures resulting in a single collection. It is mostly unusual to see a designer retire from the brand he has built, and hand it over to someone else. How difficult was it for you to make that decision? 
	Well, it obviously something that can be questioned, and at the time, I had my reasons. There were several factors that pushed me to do it. It wasn’t a financial one, mostly personal. However,whatever is done is now in the past. I like to look forward. Did you always have a back-up plan for yourself?
	Not really. I had to do what I do for many reasons. I did not plan anything. Even when I left LVMH, towards the end 1999 and early 2000, I thought I could retire, travel the world and do nothing. But, several months later, I came to the conclusion that I wanted to work again. It gives me a purpose, and I love to have things to do. I guess, I cannot live without work. But, I now rely a lot more on my team. How do you feel when you see a Kenzo show now from the front seat? Do you miss 
	the backstage? 
	I think Carol and Humberto are doing a great job of rejuvenating the brand. It is not an easy task, and they managed to do it well. It is not exactly the same identity that I was working on, but they did a good job of revamping it. Their last memento collection inspired by Henri Rousseau is a great example of modernising a brand through creativity. How has the world of interiors fascinated you after having a successful career in fashion?
	Maybe as I grew older, it came naturally. I started to take more interest in the field of interior decoration. I have always loved working around the home environment. I mean, you can do so many things and there is also a wide set of skills you can apply. It has a different pace in comparison to fashion, which suits me better now. Considering my age, I really enjoy it!  What is your personal taste when it comes to interiors, something that we can see in your home or studio?
	My home is very Parisian or Haussmanian, if you prefer. But, there always will be a touch of the Japanese influence. What inspires you to design? Do you still use a pencil to sketch?
	Yes! I still work the old fashion way, but my assistants make magic with computers. I prefer hand sketched graphics or design because you can create more depth. This is something I am teaching them every day, as computer graphics tend to be plain, a little soulless I would say. It is important to have some skills by hand before applying a graphic or a particular design to a computer.  What has been your favourite destination in terms of design? Do you collect artefacts on 
	your travels?
	Recently, I have enjoyed in sourcing ideas from Japanese culture. I have been traveling to Japan a lot more to rediscover its culture. I always find new influences there. Japan’s history is so rich, and I love to incorporate old Japanese crafts into my work today. I love bringing home artefacts, from pottery to old relics. With the Mah Jong collection for example, there is a multicultural aspect to its design, as it could come from many different cultures. With its textile based on the No Theatre, we were able to reproduce all these elements from various cultures to make one single collection. Tell us about your collaboration with Roche Bobois. When did the discussion begin? 
	I met Nicolas Roche, creative director of Roche Bobois and his team through mutual friends over two years ago and quickly agreed that we should work together. We needed to decide on a theme, keeping in mind the project, and how it has to have its own identity. We always needed to keep our minds focused on the end result. It began with us choosing three different topics each of which were based on Japanese cultural influences, a constant source of inspiration for me. What was the inspiration behind this collection? How did you pick this colour palette?
	I wanted to bring a certain Japanese touch to the graphics in the collection. I admire the No theatre and was inspired by their Kimonos usually made of jacquard, silk, and cotton, among other textiles. The graphics are very peculiar, not like other classic kimonos, since it is a play acted by men, which in the old days was done by Samurai warriors in masks. Once we narrowed down and selected the right graphics, we decided to choose different times of the day to reflect the colour themes. For example, crisp pastels for mornings, bright colours for midday, and cool hues for the night. I thought it would bring a certain romance to the collection while weaving a story. How much time did it take for the design to take its final shape?
	It took us long. We had to rework it several times. We also reviewed the prototypes on my pieces of occasional furniture until we found the right colour balance and graphic placing. We decided to concentrate on the Mah Jong first and then later add more elements to the collection. How much of your personal design sensibility can be seen this collection? How did you balance it with Roche Bobois’ brand DNA?
	Roche Bobois gave me a lot of freedom, even though sometimes it was very challenging to understand certain technical aspects. They gave me full freedom to work on my ideas and their skilled team complimented my team beautifully. We got along really well and that allowed us to be very productive. Together, we managed to create this beautiful collection.  What have you taken away from this collaboration?
	We had a fantastic chemistry, a lot of fun working together. I am proud of what we have achieved. I am not used to working in the home décor aspect of things, and yet it was something I really enjoyed, and am curious to discover more of now, as I go along.  Will we see more such collaborations? 
	Yes, probably. Since I love setting out on new adventures and working with companies that are experts in their field. What does 2018 have in store for you?
	Only time will tell! The label HUEMN has always been zestful about showcasing their products and at the same time being responsible in their action. Pranav Kirti Mishra and Shyma shetty are creative young designers who bring new to the table everytime. Their updated online destination with non binary section along with men and women is now live on www.huemn.in . The website has various categories including HUEMN Collection, HUEMN projects, HUEMN stories and HUEMN campaign and SHOP. HUEMN project which highlights on projects taken by the brand on bringing together individuals and ideas from all around the globe and not just about trends or seasons, HUEMN stories is one major head that talks about an ongoing project which is far from clothing space and nothing to do with fashion, HUEMN campaigns focuses on empowerment, body image and ramification of political and cultural bigotry with each season.  The brand believes in no matter who they are and where they are from, their superficial differences are immaterial when bounded together by experiences that have a shared value.  With the wave of right wingers taking over the country from our text books to the economic reforms and political situation of the country at a time like this when women are shamed to be bold and defiant and themselves when wearing a jeans or a dress is against the code of conduct and against our ‘Saanskaar’ (feels like living in the dark ages) there has to be a rEVOLution…and Scoop Whoop Shop’s latest womenswear is all about defying the right.  With Scoop Whoops iconic ‘Kaafi Feminist’ and ‘Kaafi Liberal’ designs in a wider range of silhouettes. The bold yet quirky taglines are a salute to the undomitable spirit of the woman who doesn’t give a damn to all the things holding her back. Designs featuring feminist icons like Frida Kahlo and Kali make a bold statement without trying too hard. “Our womenswear collection has been specially crafted for the bold, beautiful, and daring women of today. It’s for those who are not afraid to make a noise for the right reasons." says Sriparna Tikekar, Co-Founder, Scoop Whoop, says of this collection. This collection truly resonates with everything the renegade woman of today stands for. Here’s to the fighter, the oddball, the unsanskaari one, who dares to break the rules and makes her own sanskaars rather than following ones she’s not okay with.   By Shivani Dahiya   The worlds of high fashion and technology have joined forces. We bring you the mutants.   If interbreeding of fashion and technology is currently at a peak, it, by no means, is a new phenomenon. Case in point, Alexander McQueen’s spring/summer 1999, where two robots were programmed to spray paint a white strapless dress or Givenchy’s fall/winter 1999, Y2K collection, where McQueen collaborated with Studio van der Graaf for a glow in the dark plastic suit with flashing LED lights. As the term ‘wearable tech’ takes a life of its own, surpassing its once-upon-a-time trending cousin #seflie, these two disciplines, although on opposite ends of the spectrum, have long been intertwined. The 2016 Met Gala theme, Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology essentially investigated fashion’s evolution from handstitched garments to its ultimate dependency on machines, alongside 21st century methods like 3D printing and computer-generated patterns.The main spectacles at the exhibit, Yves Saint Laurent’s Mondrian dress, 1965, a completely machine-made creation (except for the hand done hemming) alongside Chanel’s Fall 2014 bridal gown involving hand painting, computer manipulation, machine printing, and hand-embroidery which took merely 450 hours to complete, paved the way for more advanced levels of gadgetry and robotics that one would naturally expect when using the word, technology. Karolina Kurkova kept the dream alive by showing up in an Artificial Intelligence dress by Marchesa powered by IBM at the Met Gala. With 150 LEDs in handmade 3D flowers, the dress lit up with the hashtag #CognitiveDress. Watson’s Tone Analyzer senses the tone of people’s tweets, and picks a colour that best delivers their emotional response. Zac Posen teased his contribution to the gala as well, with a Cinderella-style gown made from fibre optic woven French organza worn by Claire Danes. Closer home, IBM Watson’s cognitive garment made its Indian debut, courtesy, Falguni and Shane. On their experience, Falguni comments, “We were able to analyse the dominant prints and silhouettes for each season, which we could use as a starting point to explore further. An analysis and insight was shared with us based on all the fashion weeks internationally, as an interactive web application hosted on the IBM Cloud where we could explore the colour trends for the coming season, analyse the key prints and silhouettes for each season and derive inspiration for their new collection”. “Fashion is usually considered a right brain activity. So, it was very interesting to approach it from a left brain perspective of logic and data. The data presented by IBM Watson helped us look at the insights as a springboard for our thoughts and helped us think in newer directions,” says Shane. Hussein Chalayan has also, for a while, been looking at the synergies that exist between his garments and the role technology can play. From Autumn Winter 2000, where he transformed a coffee table into a skirt, all the way to spring/ summer 2007, where he teamed up with the animators of Harry Potter to mechanically transform his dresses on the runway. The hourglass Dior New Look reconfigured to the Paco Rabanne metal-link shift, moving decades into fashion history within seconds. His spring/ summer 2016 collection included dresses that were water soluble only to reveal newer garments underneath. A proverbial example of ‘woman with the machine’ is the Dutch designer, Iris Van Herpen. She was the first designer to have models traipsing down in 3D printed garments, back in 2010. The likes of Karl Lagerfeld, soon followed suit with 3D-printed details on iconic tweed Chanel suits. Taking a broader view of the interplay between fabric, texture and innovation, Issey Miyake uses computer software to calculate the composition of different cotton and polyester weaves which, when exposed to steam, turn into three-dimensional patterns that are tried as paper prototypes first. The master of draping has come up with an entirely new type of fabric that on contact with steam, contracts into rigid structures called 3D Steam Stretch. Taking a broader view of the interplay between fabric, texture and innovation, Issey Miyake uses computer software to calculate the composition of different cotton and polyester weaves which, when exposed to steam, turn into three-dimensional patterns that are tried as paper prototypes first. The master of draping has come up with an entirely new type of fabric that on contact with steam, contracts into rigid structures called 3D Steam Stretch. Wearable computing, however, has found its dream market in sportswear. With the inception of biometric technology, you can turn your shirts or even your socks into smart devices that function as monitors that display your heart rate, performance, fitness, calorie intake, etc. They warn you as well, if your stress levels are too high. With its coevals moving into the digital space, Nike has added to the list of offerings, self-tying shoes, for athletes whose shoes keep coming undone during workouts. To popularise Google Glasses, Diane Von Furstenberg models were lensed donning the eyewear. Exploring this ongoing alliance, tech giant, Google, also joined hands with Levi’s on Project Jacquard to create a denim jacket with conductive threads and a Bluetooth cuff to pair the jacket to a smartphone that allows you to check the time or play your music with just a gentle stroke on your sleeve. Is the tech industry more reliant on fashion to boost its acceptance or is it the other way round? Or will they ine   Art and fashion meet again and this time Bottega Veneta comes out with an interesting series of moving images for their latest Spring/ Summer 18 campaign, The Art of Collaboration. Creative director of the House, Tomas Maier tells us about the idea behind the campaign and gives an insight into the content of the six short films series Reflection.   The new ad campaign for Spring/Summer 2018 consists of six distinct short films under the name Reflections. Why did this cinematic approach make sense for BottegaVeneta? When you are shooting a campaign, there’s a desire to tell more of a story. You are in aninterestingenvironment with great talent, and the wheels start to spin. Who is this woman? What’s the man doing there? Whose house is this? Film now allows us to take the story further. To me it is always more interesting when a film ends and the plot could go one way or the other. It’s open to interpretation.   There is a very noir and surreal quality to the films. What’s the connection to the Spring/Summer collection? These films have layers and depth. They’re not easily categorized. The Spring/Summer collection features garments thatare the same way. You can’t just say, ‘Oh, it’s workwear. Oh, it’s for cocktails.’ These pieces can go in so many different directions. That’s how I see my client as well.   The title of the campaign is Reflections, which can also be interpreted in many ways. What does Reflections mean to you? To me,it means that each person interprets the films in their own way. We like it when people make something their own. It goes back to the individuality of the clothing and to our motto “When your own initials are enough.”   You’ve known Fabien Baron for a long time but are working with him for the first time on the Spring/Summer 2018 campaign. What convinced you to collaborate?  Fabien has attended the BottegaVeneta show every season for a long time. When he comes backstage, he always has something interesting to say. Obviously, he has a great reputation and we all know his body of work. I like that we have a similar approach. I believe that every millimeter matters, and with him, there is so much precision. Everything is considered.   The models in the six films of Reflections play a crucial role—more as actors than models. How did you approach the casting?  We’ve worked with Vittoria [Ceretti] for such a long time. She’s a young Italian woman who is beautiful, smart and stylish. She’s the perfect embodiment of Italian luxury. Janis Ancens has walked in many of our shows. He’s modern but has a natural elegance. You can put him in the clothes and he brings them to life. I like Sora Choi becauseshe can put on a look and really make it her own, just as Aube [Jolicoeur] who is striking and has a lot of presence. I also likethat they come from around the world: Korea, Latvia, Italy, Haiti. It’s very much us.   In the new campaign, you were working with a team of collaborators—along with Fabien as director was set designer Stefan Beckman and cinematographer Philippe Le Sourd—and not just a single creative voice. Did you find it to be very different? I think it’s nice to work with a team. It’s always five or six people in the room when I’m working. It’s good to have different points of view. At the end, someone needs to make the decision but collaboration is about multiple people bringing something to the table.   Can you speak about the Art of Collaboration in its original form as conceived by you in 2002—working with a different fine-art photographer each season. What do you see as its legacy? I think we talked to a lot of different people and we also did it in a different way. I like the idea of bringing something educational. Maybe I can help them discover unknown territory.Perhaps they knew some photographers we collaborated with but not all.I think this new campaign—since these striking moving images can exist on so many platforms—will bring the same dynamic, just in a different way.   Film Mirragio - from the series Reflections   If you’re wondering why your youtube feed is trending the old Candle in the Wind or
	Diamond as the ultimate hits, hold your horses at the hashtag FYBR. Still confused? A little
	birdie tells us a marquee event at Gotham Hall in New York City, saw Elton John making the
	announcement of his final tour called Farewell Yellow Brick Road. The announcement was
	streamed live globally exclusively on YouTube in VR180, and simultaneously transmitted to
	venues in Los Angeles and London.
	Kicking off on September 8, 2018, the songwriter behind Aida, and The Lion King will
	bedazzle all in an exclusive Gucci tour wardrobe. Present at Gotham Hall in a bespoke outfit,
	Elton discussed his passion for the Italian fashion house which last year unveiled its S/S
	2018 collection designed by Creative Director, Alessandro Michele and inspired by Elton’s
	inimitable style, referencing original items taken from his iconic style archives.
	Consisting of more than 300 shows across five continents, this three year tour will mark the
	superstar’s last-ever tour; the end of half a century on the road for one of pop culture’s most
	enduring performers. Elton’s new stage production will take his fans on a musical and highly
	visual journey spanning a 50-year career of hits like no one has ever seen before. By Deviyani Gupta By Shivani Dahiya   After 7 years at Louis Vuitton as Men's Artistic Director, Kim Jones presented his final collection for the house at the Fall Winter'18 show. Known particularly for his menswear designs, the King of Streetwear took everyone by surprise as Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss strut down the runway in twin patent monogrammed coats. The coats were inspired by Marc Jacob's work for Louis Vuitton in the early 2000's as an homage to Marc Jacob, a mentor to Kim. The man behind Louis Vuitton's steady transition from a traditional luxury brand to streetwear couture, Kim Jones also led the brand's most unlikely and memorable collaborations. LV x Supreme is our personal favorite. With 14 unforgettable shows for Louis Vuitton, we sure do hope to see him on the runway soon.  Rohit Bal’s deftness at intricate detailing and surface texturing has made him a perennial standard-bearer for fluid design sensibility.   I sat in Rohit Bal’s flagship store in south Delhi, waiting for him to wrap up a meeting with a client. Expansive interiors with muted lights and cleverly placed artifacts seem to drown out the frenzied buzz that I was witnessing, plunked in a plush couch. It’s the crazy wedding season. Even as Rohit Bal seems to be working his way towards me, he is magically whisked away by someone or the other. There are two sides to Rohit Bal. The one that the world sees him as, doing his famous jig, on the ramp. But it is the other, calmer (somewhat surprising for someone who doesn’t know him too well) side is what makes him a success story for over three decades in the fashion industry. The original fashion icon also happens to be one of the first menswear designers to challenge the set norms. He is also among the first few to take on plagiarism head on. You tell him he is a legend and he might just laugh it off. Warmth comes naturally to him. As we begin our conversation, he did not hold himself to tell me that he likes the flatforms I was wearing. As he walked me down after the interview, I knew I have encountered the lesser-known, real Rohit Bal.  Excerpts from the interview. You are loved for your clothes. Why do so many other things — wedding, interiors, products? It’s a natural progression for me. I want to translate fashion, my profession into other fields as well. I treat weddings like my shows. When you go to a Rohit Bal wedding, it should seem as if you are attending a Rohit Bal show. Instead of dresses, there are drapes; instead of seating arrangement, there are lounges. It all juxtaposes and comes together as an amalgamation of different forms of creativity to build one complete entity. Ashish Soni once told me that people might see you as flamboyant, but you are a true genius.  That’s sweet of him to say that. People can form their opinions and say what they feel about me. I am who I am. Whatever perception people have of me is entirely up to them. I just concentrate on what I have to do. I live my life my way, and that, sometimes, upsets people because they want to live my life too. But it’s not easy being me (laughs). I am an open book and how people want to read me is entirely up to them. I will continue to be who I am without any pretence. Pretenders cannot be achievers. Do you think designers today are overexposed due to social media? The term fashion designer in itself is a little misconstrued now. Everyone wants to call themselves a designer. There is a huge difference in making clothes and selling them, and being a designer. A designer has a different creative wavelength. Do you see the spark dying from the fashion world? I rarely meet leaders now. It is mostly people blindly following others or what’s in trends. But in the fashion industry, it takes a lot to be a more than a flash in the pan. There are a very few people, who have stayed on top of their game for last several decades. Now, that’s what I would call incredible achievement, for a country like ours, with billions of people. At one of the dinners that you hosted recently you said something about copywriting your designs. We have already done that. Every single piece from my collections will be patented. We would be sending documents to anyone who we feel are anywhere near plagiarising. A few legal notices and everyone will know that it is a dangerous territory to tread. I also hope others follow suit and make copyright a norm. My designs have been plagued by blatant copying. This is why we had to take this step. I do timeless classics, the kind of fashion that does not go out of style. So, something from one season can be worn in the next season too. It, thus, becomes all the more important to get the designs patented. It will stop the copycats from making cheap versions of it. I also have the buyer to blame. They love an ensemble but with a slashed price tag. If the buying stops, plagiarism will stop too. How much of imitation is flattery? Till the time it doesn’t start affecting your business. Flattery is not going to pay my bills. You can’t give people a cheque and write flattery on it (laughs). When it affects your business, as it did to us, flattery becomes a downright crime. The sad part is that most unusual suspects engage themselves in selling rip offs.  The fashion industry has changed over the years. What is that you miss the most? I miss the fact that fashion was an art form. Now it’s a ruthless business. Fashion, once, had its own dimension of fantasy; it’s a harsh reality now. I miss the fun elements. The designer community was close knit then, isn’t it?  Absolutely! We helped each other in every way we could. For a lot of us, we still do. Unlike anywhere else in the world, where fashion designers don’t see eye to eye, we have many close friends in the fraternity, who are there for each other, attending each other’s shows whenever we can. There, of course, is a sense of healthy competition, but the feeling of warmth is stronger. Did you always want to be a designer? I think so. Although, I do remember a time when I wanted to be a doctor (laughs). What I knew was that I want to be in a creative field. Design is my forte, but I think I could have been a writer. Do you write now?  I am in the process of writing a book. I have a contract with Penguin, but I have been able to manage to write just five chapters in three years. I will eventually finish it, because there are a lot of things that I want to share with the world. Tell us more about the book that you are writing? There are actually two books. The first one is a coffee table book based on textiles that will showcase different crafts of India. The other one is semi-biographical, intertwining between fashion and my life. But, I have spent so much time in the fashion industry that getting the chronology right has become tiresome. The kind of childhood we have determines our life course. Do you believe in it? Yes, I do. I had a blessed childhood. Growing up in Kashmir, in a wonderful family, surrounded by interminable beauty, was glorious. We grew up in a liberal atmosphere with a creative father, who gave each one of us the freedom to follow what we want. It was like growing up in a fantasy world... life was not at a frantic pace, no hectic work schedules. I was protected and pampered, being the youngest of the five siblings. We walked through chinaar trees, eating pears and strawberries. Life was like a picnic hamper. Do you think all of this seeped into your design? Absolutely! My designs are about the beauty I grew up around, whether or not I knew it was happening. I was right in the middle of beautiful craft, unbelievable talent, amazing kaarigars... carpets, carved wooden walls, intricate furniture, there was no end to how much beauty Kashmiris produced. The beauty that got engrained in me also gave me some kind of inner calm that most people don’t see. It has given me the ability to deal with all kinds of things later in my life. I would never let Kashmir be taken out of me. What has been your most important takeaway from working with the kaarigars? I have one word for it... humility. Working with kaarigars with unbelievable devotion and uncanny talent, has made me humble. They are the true artists. I have always had a great a rapport with my kaarigars, some of them working with me over last 20 years. But it’s important to take care of their families too. You started with menswear. Yes. My first collection happened, thanks to my dear friend, Rohit Khosla’s persistent push. I was designing for an export house before that. There was a show in Delhi and Rohit wanted me to do a menswear line. I created one outfit matching the womenswear line for each designer showcasing at the show. I remember selling everything before it even reached the exhibition area. I took inspiration from the grandeur of traditional India. I, then, joined Ensemble, as its only menswear designer. For the first three years of my life, I did only menswear. It was only after a lot of cajoling, I stepped into womenswear. And there was no looking back after that. What’s keeping you busy these days? Many things! After the fashion week frenzy, we did a show for the Princess Diya Kumari Foundation at the palace, the residence of the Maharaja and Maharani of Jaipur. The collection was my interpretation of Rajasthani costumes. It’s also the wedding season, a season of madness. Apart from usual groom and brides fittings, there are wedding to design. Sometimes, I wish there were 28 hours in a day (laughs). The oldest memory we have of brocade is perhaps a sari that peeked through her silver trunk, as she would take us to down to memory lane. Or a brocade duppatta that our grandmothers would lovingly wrap us with. The rich shuttle-woven fabrics created using gold and silver threads over silk fabric, would always made us wonder if there were other ways of wearing brocade, we would often think. Now there is. Jaypore, the curated online shop for craft-based designs, has given a twist to the brocade we all so love. Reimaging this vintage Benarasi weave, Jaypore has put together a line called A Brocade Haute Heritage. The journey of the line is equally interesting. The curators at Jaypore started with some of the oldest Benarasi brocade saris aged 30-years and more. While the patina had dulled, the opulent zari work, jewel tones and intricate motifs still glimmered. They then worked closely with master craftsmen, who painstakingly amplified the luster and texture, to bring the weaves back to their original glory. The next step was to make it versatile, brocades that multi-task, much like us, the modern women. Sleek silhouettes with a hint of pizzazz were added to create a capsule collection of contemporary designs that fits our lifestyle. So, there are angrakhas for evening soirees, statement-making jamas and jackets for pretty much any occasion, lehengas just right for that best friend’s wedding, and a range of cholis and pants for you to mix and match. Every piece of separates can be used to create fusion looks. www.jaypore.com Pratinava, a brand for women’s accessories, has crafted handbags and shoes inspired by unique concepts. Reflecting the mood of the decade, the store houses designs that ditch the conventional classics, and brings vibrant, daring, and exciting pieces that complement every woman’s unique sense of fashion. A closer look at the textures, designs and details may make you want to leave behind the basic black bag and trade up for the new styles and shapes. The store, spread across 500 square feet area, has a décor reminiscent of a boutique in the European boulevards. It is like a walk‐in‐closet with pleasing colour tones.     Store Address: D‐8, Ground Floor, Defence Colony, New Delhi Swarovski celebrates the 15th anniversary of its partnership with Victoria’s Secret with the staging of the iconic runway extravaganza, the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show. Swarovski has been adding sparkling fantasy and glamour to the legendary lingerie brand since 2003, and is delighted to continue as the exclusive provider of crystal embellishments for the show. The crystal maison constantly seeks to push creative boundaries while bringing the glamour of crystal to couturiers, designers, and consumers all over the world. Since 2003, Swarovski has adorned the lingerie, wings, footwear and jewellery for the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show with dazzling crystals. For 2017, the show dazzles with over 1 million crystals from Swarovski. For its customary Swarovski Look, this year the focus is on the Nomadic Adventure section with a breath-taking custom outfit. Swedish model Elsa Hosk was chosen as the Victoria’s Secret Angel who will wear the crystal showpiece. The lavish creation is a riot of sparkling fiery hues—red, yellow, gold, orange—designed by Paris-based couturier Serkan Cura. The look is embellished with over 275,000 crystals from Swarovski, the wings weigh 14lbs (6.5kg) and are made using 200 yards (183m) of woven ribbon and pavé crystals, finished off with a crystallized wing harness and hand-beaded jewellery. Over 29 crystal effects and colors were used in the design, more than in any previous year’s show designs. Crystal effects include the new Citrine Shimmer, Hyacinth Shimmer, and Light Siam Shimmer; Crystal Aurore Borealis, Crystal Iridescent Green, Crystal Luminous Green, Crystal Metallic Sunshine, Crystal Paradise Sunshine and Crystal Volcano. Colors such as Chrysolite Opal, Crystal, Citrine, Dark Moss Green, Emerald, Fireopal, Fuchsia, Hyacinth, Indian Siam, Jet, Jonquil, Light Colorado Topaz, Light Siam, Light Topaz, Red Magma, Sunflower, Tangerine, Topaz, and Yellow Opal.   If it’s an embroidered lehenga for the Sangeet, a dress suit for Teeka, or a head turning Saree for the Vidai, we’ve found the collection that will spoil you for choice. RI by Ritu Kumar recently unveiled its latest Festive/Winter 2017 collection, to bring in the wedding season in style. Her collection for the season is inspired by years of study of two interesting disciplines in India- both which embellish & decorate fabrics. The ace designer has painstakingly put-together this unique amalgamation of classic and contemporary motifs and used them in the most innovative manner.   Photographer Hormis Tharakan shot the campaign stills of glamorous models in New Delhi in association with make-up giant, MAC Cosmetics. M·A·C Cosmetics is the world’s leading professional makeup authority because of its unrivalled expertise in makeup artistry, offering a large selection of professional quality makeup must-haves for All Ages, All Races, All Sexes.    The designer has innovatively retouched the traditional textures and further converted it into patterns of strong geometric designs, spirals, circles & paisleys to give an interesting twist. With design inspirations that go as far back as the fifth century AD, the collection brings to life a luxurious line of modern heirlooms for brides & their families. Seamlessly stitching creativity and commerce, Bibhu Mohapatra has designed an inimitable niche for himself.     For little over eight years since he set out on his own, designer Bibhu Mohapatra has not just dressed women, but taken inspiration from them. “It all starts with an image of a strong woman that becomes a driving force for my collections,” Bibhu tells us from New York. So, more often than not, women of calibre, instead of usual suspects (read birds and flowers) find their way to his moodboard, before he puts pencil onto paper to translate them into his designs. A regular at New York Fashion Week, Bibhu’s spring 2018 collection was a tribute to women explorers, often uncelebrated. “Imagine a woman of grit… she can be an heiresses, socialite, or even a rebel, craving for cultural knowledge, setting out on a courageous journey,” Bibhu says, an avid traveller himself, who confesses that travelling fuels his inspiration. The runway, thus, lit up with designs that reflected adventurous streak of this woman he talks about, who stands out with a unique sense of style. While black and white dominated the line, a clever use of colour, inspired by the garb of Onna-bugeisha or martial artists, was seen on the ramp. Soft feathers peeking from embroidered lacey sleeves moved in perfect rhythm as models walked in dramatic clothes. Structure-meets-fluidity is how we can best describe the creations. Concurrence of starkly different elements has been, in fact, Bibhu’s strength. “If I have to define my design sensibility, it would be a juxtaposition of opposites… masculine with feminine, hard with soft, organic with geometric,” Bibhu says. His life, too, has been a tale written in different inks, all of which have shaped his life and career. Today his days in New York is a far cry from his humble beginning in Rourkela, popularly known as Steel City of Odisha. Something that has not changed over the years though, is his love for fashion. “Before it was fashion, the world of creating clothes was my draw. Making dresses for my sister as a young boy, I did not know anything about fashion as a business, but I did understand the value of craft of making beautiful clothes. My mother was my greatest source of inspiration for style, who inculcated in me the appreciation of great craft,” Bibhu recalls. Life was simple back then and his parents instilled a core value system among the siblings, inspiring them to make the best of any situation. He does so… even today. Bibhu shifted to New York from India to study at Utah State University. Even while finishing his Master’s degree in economics, he never let his love for fashion take a back seat. On his father’s advice and encouragement, Bibhu got into the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York.   The beginning of his American dream was his stint with J. Mendel. “Aspiring designers, I believe, need to work with a brand after finishing school to learn the real tricks of the trade.” This is exactly what he did. During his nine years there, rising to the ranks of design director, Bibhu learnt about the business of fashion and luxury, forming long-lasting industry connections. The dexterity and confidence with which Bibhu balances creativity and commerce is inspiring, but there was a day he was standing at a crossroad looking for a direction. With nothing to lose, he took the plunge and started his eponymous label. After a few months break, travelling through Europe, Bibhu came back to New York to his tiny, new studio on the upper west side of Manhattan with a fresh vigour. “It was my thinking box.” His maiden collection — showcased at New York Fashion Week for Fall 2009 was inspired by Japanese armour. Life, it seems has come a full circle, with his Spring 2018 collection also taking a cue from the Japanese culture. While all his clothes are made in New York, he often works closely with artisans from India, who help him tell the real story behind each of his collections. “My biggest takeaway from working with them is that the legacy of craft is invaluable. I am indebted to those craftsmen.” Bibhu’s favourite fabric? Silk ikat. “It is so versatile,” he says. Marrying tradition and modernity is a challenge that drives him. Modernity, he says, always stands on the legs of tradition. This sense of belonging to roots while flying high is what makes his clothes modern with the right amount of tradition. If his days at J. Mendel taught him the significance of identifying the ultimate client, starting his own eponymous label drilled in him the importance of commerce. His creations ride high on the beauty of classic elegance, something that never goes out of fashion, or out of business. Clean cuts, flattering silhouettes and fine craftsmanship. No wonder that former first lady Michelle Obama wore many of his designs — choosing to wear a dress with geometric print and blue floral motifs teaming it with a matching cape coat on her state visit to India in 2015 — leaving him speechless. “At that moment, I recalled what she has whispered in my ear a few months before she wore that dress, saying that we are going to do something big soon,” he says. While people in the Indian fashion fraternity respected his work, Bibhu Mohapatra, became one of the most searched designer, and later a household name in India. If an ever-swelling lineup of celebrities wearing his label — Lupita Nyongo, Jennifer Lopez, Freida Pinto, Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra — is anything to go by, Bibhu is on the right track. For now, his collaborations — with Forevermark for a jewellery collection called Artemis and with Fox Studios for Murder on the Orient Express — are keeping him busy. The projects come at the right time when the designer is planning to restructure his business. It is not easy, especially in a fiercely competitive fashion world, but Bibhu has proved that even if someone from a humble background with only talent to fall back on, can make a mark. “All it takes is identifying one’s own unique voice,” Bibhu says, the one who has definitely made his voice clear in the chaos called fashion. Christian Louboutin and Sabyasachi have done it again! If their earlier collaborations are anything to go by, the latest collection from the masterminds is not surprising, not at least in its bling quotient. Handcrafted with opulent sari fabrics from the archives of Sabyasachi, the latest collection of women’s and men’s shoes and accessories is high on embellishments, patchworks, motifs and colours. Take for example, the thigh-high boot crafted with delicate leather strips; aptly named Tall and Deep is what we would love to walk in. Since there are a very few pairs available worldwide, we might have to hurry up to put a ring on it. To go with your blingy feet, the designers have also added evening bag to the line called the Piloutin. It actually looks like a precious pillow, and is created from Sabyasachi sari ribbons collection.  Men! Despair not. The designers have something for you too. Take your pick from Dandelion loafers with an embroidered toe-cap, Louis Junior with its rich patchwork of motifs and colours. What more, there is a graphic novel titled Deep Sleep for Beauty that tells the story of a beautiful Indian actress cast under a spell from which only the two designers have the ability to free her. You can buy the book at the stores that comes in special shoe boxes, custom-made for the collection. The story can be watched online at ChristianLouboutin.com. Fendi has launched a new collection of Seleria watches that features two different woven velvet straps in double or single versions. The new geometric shape of the case is adorned with a new white dial enhanced with rose gold colored or silver stitched-like Roman numerals and indexes and an off-centered white mother-of-pearl small second subdial giving dynamism to the overall design. The straps reinterprets the distinctive FF – Fun Fendi logo by featuring the double F pattern in natural tones of camel and dark brown. The watches’ subtle mix of textile and leather embodies the Fendi unique expertise in material combination. Fendi Witches, cute and furry things will soon be out and about in six different parts of the world – America, Asia, China, Europe, Japan and Middle East. Each one characterised by a new soft and fluffy alpaca fur in a special colour, perfect to add a sweet and whimsical touch to your favourite bag! Created in a playful game of precious materials, with their tender geometrical face, colourful studded eyes and diamond nose, both in hard stone, these adorable little creatures are completely irresistible!       Sitting across from Ashish Soni in his studio in Delhi, sipping on green tea, we thought we would talk about his life, journey as a model, and crossing over to design. Little did we know that he was about to take us down memory lane… to a time when a brand’s organic growth was a reality, the fashion fraternity was one big, happy family, and when NIFT was just a prototype.    What’s keeping you busy these days? I am deep into the process of conceptualising the show for working on our collection for Amazon India Fashion Week. Ideation happened way earlier, it is execution time. But putting together a show is a different ballgame. Two weeks ago, I thought I had reached the final stages, but when it happened, I did not like it. So, I removed about 13 outfits, which is like half the number we need for the show. It is as good as starting from scratch, but I believe that it is part of the creative process.   Why did you think of dropping those 13 outfits?  My endeavour with each of my shows is that the audience isn’t bored for even a second. This is why I have made it more difficult for myself by removing those 13 pieces, and redoing the silhouettes. The collection is called Noir. The whole show is in black, except no garment is flat black. Every piece of clothing is textured and has interesting embellishments, different in each of the 35 looks.   The theme for the Amazon India Fashion Week is celebration, where every evening designer’s milestones will be in the spotlight. So, another reason for the last minute change was because it’s our 25th anniversary. I wanted this collection to represent that milestone in some way, and also stay close to the overall theme of the fashion week. I was so thrilled when The Fashion Design Counsil of India put across the concept. I believe it is essential to do an ethos-based show than a trend-based one, so that the true essence of the brand comes forth.   How do you plan to celebrate this milestone? We will have an event later this year, an evening that will not just be about my fashion, but more about the person that I am, what I represent, and what my fashion philosophies are.   Were you always inclined to fashion, even as a child? As a kid, I was a beauty junkie. As I grew older, the most accessible beautiful thing was clothing. That was also the time of emergence of Italian designers like Armani and Versace, who had just crossed over to the US. American fashion brands, Donna Karan, Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren had crazy sales, but there was no edge to it. Versace made clothing sexy and vibrant. Armani was just the opposite; very subdued, low tone colours, but exceptionally elegant. Growing up abroad, every American magazine I would read was about what these two Italians were doing in America. I was greatly influenced by all that. There was no social media, but I would keep myself updated by visiting the stores and reading up their catalogues.    Is that why you shifted to India? Yes. I came to stay with my grandparents and studied at the British School. But my love for fashion refused to leave me. I would ask my parents to send me magazines and catalogues. I would take the cut outs to my tailor to make me a similar pair, but with my own twists. Back then I didn’t even know one could study fashion.   How did the idea of training in fashion designing come about? My father suggested. National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) has just opened an office in Hotel Samrat in Delhi, and had rolled out its first-ever six-month programme, of which Rohit Bal and Rina Dhaka were a part. I decided to join the course.   Was NIFT the turning point? In one way, it was my destiny.  But, getting into the prototype of a college was not easy.   Why was it difficult? I went to meet the dean, a lean guy dressed impeccably. I wanted to be a part of NIFT just looking at him. But, for some strange reason, he kept demotivating me. Maybe, because I was a science student or he wanted to test my patience. I will never know for sure.    You did become a part of the first-ever batch of NIFT.  Yes. It was more like a boutique school, starting with two batches with only 60 students. I appeared for a series of tests, an art exam and three levels of interviews. There were about 1,000 people competing for it. NIFT had the best faculty brought in from across the world. Our art teacher was from the best school in Australia, menswear teacher was from Nottingham Trent University in the UK, and our draping trainer was an Italian from Duhamel.   So how did modelling happen in between all this?  It happened just before getting into NIFT. I was at a nightclub called Ghungroo at ITC Maurya Sheraton when the Late designer Rohit Khosla came up to me and asked, “Have you ever modelled before?” I said no. He offered me a fashion show for a sum of `2,000. I was thrilled. As luck would have it, it was Rohit Bal’s debut show, someone I went on to work for and share a very warm relationship. Modelling introduced me to the world of fashion.   The fashion fraternity was very different back then. Oh yes. Rohit Khosla helped a lot of designers find their feet. He helped Rohit Bal launch his label. Designers never hesitated to create opportunities for each other.   And how old were you then? About 17. With modeling, my exposure to fashion grew and I realised I would be happier behind the scenes.   Were there moments when designers would be dressing you but you wanted to be in their place?  Absolutely… on many occasions.   How was it really to work with Rohit Bal in young, wilder days? He is a true connoisseur with an evolved sense of appreciating beauty, art and design. People like to call his creative madness his flamboyance, but it is his genius. He helped me open my eyes to things finer in life and fashion.   When did you decide to start your label? JJ Valaya and I would always talk about starting our own labels. One day, we tossed a coin. If it was heads, we would continue doing what we are doing — I worked for Rohit Bal and he worked for Rohit Khosla — and if it were tails, we will branch out. I think, tails it was.   What was the most difficult thing? To understand the consumers. It wasn’t like today. There was no social media, where you share your designs and not only get the word out, but also receive a few orders in return.   Take us back to the ’90s. Fashion was an exceptionally tight rope then, but we also had the luxury of time to work on our collections. For a show in October, we would start working in January. We would figure out sponsors, the venue, invites, partnership with airlines to fly our team. For six months, we would be roaming around, trying to sell concepts and finally put a spectacle together. There were a lineup of 40 to 50 clothes, some would even make 100 pieces, and the success was determined by how soon these pieces we sold. It was the beginning of ‘see-now, buy-now’ period, but, finding consumers and judging their mood was a big task. Tabloid culture and Page 3 were emerging. As we learnt our roles as designers, there were journalists learning the ropes of lifestyle journalism.   Tell us about your first collection? The one that I showcased or sold (laughs)? The first one I showcased was at NIFT and it was a denim collection. I was enamoured, like every ’80s kid, by denim. The memories of Calvin Klein jeans, unbuttoned fly, a young Kate Moss and 20 models wearing only jeans plastered on huge billboards at Times Square, Ralph Lauren’s jeans on horses, and lovely brands such as Armani and Versace.   Where was your first studio? It was a small barsati in Lajpat Nagar and I started off by borrowing `50,000 from my father. I started with 200 pairs of jeans, and sold those over 2-3 months. But, I didn’t want to be labeled as the denim man. I put out my first collection, a menswear line, at a store called Mutiny in Delhi. It was August 1992. I, then, made cotton trousers in six colours with interesting details. It was sold out in 10 days. The stockiest wanted me to repeat the order and I didn’t have the money or means to do it. I had two tailors, and a person I was training to do the cutting.    While I was busy doing all this, Tarun Tahiliani visited a store in Bangalore that stocked my designs and bought one of my trousers. He tracked me down to my studio in Delhi, walked up those dingy staircase and told me in his baritone, “I have a multi-brand store in Bombay and we would like you to stock your creations.” I was speechless.   Would you say that growth was pretty organic back then? Absolutely. We created opportunities for each other. By the end of the ’90s, our brands were way bigger than our businesses. But, it was still like a cottage industry. The real growth happened in the 2000s, when FDCI came in and fashion fraternity grew.   You have also showcased at New York Fashion Week. Is it easier today to get a break? There are advantages and disadvantages of first timers. There was so much I didn’t know. I asked, learnt, either by falling, or as we went along. I was struggling to get even a PR agency to represent me. Getting meetings was impossible even if I was a brand ambassador for Incredible India. Today, if you are talented, you can make it, and things can be taken care of.   What does a designer need to make a breakthrough in New York or Milan? Definitely some Indian-ness and something quirky. A balance between being Indian and addressing the western audience is the key. For me, I want to say I am an Indian designer who speaks a global language. It still is my pitch.   But by becoming too western, chances are, one might get lost. When I say global, it can’t be sticking to our traditional silhouettes. One can give a contemporary twist to Indian creations. Traditional Gujarati jackets inspired my second collection for the New York Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2008. The silhouette was contemporary, the idea was innately Indian and of course, the cotton was Indian. It made a lot of impact.   And then you created the white shirt phenomenon. Through the ’90s, my bread and butter came from white shirts (laughs). It was something very close to me when I started. Even if there were 12 shirts, I put a lot of thought into it. For Indian men, Chinese collared shirt was new but my Mandarin collars became quite popular. Even today, I do basic shirts with Egyptian yarn.    What's your design sensibility? For me, it’s always been less is more. I think I am a natural minimalist. I can see details even in a glass of water and amplify it. My biggest philosophy is that this life is all about reinvention.   Your take on responsible fashion?  It’s a movement that I am hoping truly lasts.We, unfortunately, are living in an age of consumerism. We want to wear today and throw tomorrow, which is against sustainability.   A lot of high street brands are collaborating with designers. How does it affect the Indian designers? It’s a very interesting question. The reason they collaborate is the vast difference in price points. A high street brand product is priced between £10 and £40 while designer prêt  line starts at £50. When designers create these capsule collection, they push the price from £10-£30 to about £40 to £100. That’s what they are trying to do… infuse a little of their halo into the high street.   As the FENDI Bici hits the road, marking the arrival of the new FENDI Fall/Winter 2017-18 collection around the world, the Maison presents the Kan I F, a new version of the it-bag Kan I with the F is FENDI round logo. This little shoulder accessory seems to be a big win-win amongst international influencers, including Hilary Rhoda, Nina Suess, Tamara Kalinic and Suzy. A desired accessory with a perfect size, to be worn cross-body, thanks to the detachable shoulder strap and distinctive chain on the Mini Kan I F or carried by hand with the top handle that reveals the plain smooth leather versions are available in a range of classic and sophisticated hues, from black to white, from blue to red and powder pink – are flanked by luxurious styles in leather, velvet and exotics. Unique mixes of materials, colours and workmanships that showcase FENDI’s constant attention to details and research of new incredible techniques. Heritage and future meet and give life to extraordinary versions of the bag where the two logos of the Maison perfectly coexist. In fact, the iconic double F pattern, preciously created with a hand-made woven embroidery, enriches the Kan I F under the flap, expressing at the upmost FENDI’s DNA. MICHAEL KORS THE WALK, a 360-degree street style campaign for Fall takes the season's must-have bag, the Sadie, to the London lanes with our beloved new design influencers. “Fall was inspired by the idea of the rock ‘n’ roll glamour of the 1980s but with a modern edge, which these three young women have in droves. It was exciting to take Michael Kors The Walk to a city with such great street style of its own,” says Michael Kors. Lensed by renowned street style chronicler Tommy Ton, the campaign stars three international trendsetters, Ella Richards, Selah Marley and Chinese actress Yang Mi—who styled themselves in their favorite pieces from the Fall collection. We’ve all heard the epic, Ramayana more times than we can count. Satya Paul draws inspiration from the same, and drapes you in a collection of 3 vibrant sarees depicting the saga. The Rama, Ramayana and Sita Sarees are being unveiled with Brand Ambassador Malaika Arora Khan, gracing the event at Bombay, 27th September, 2017. Moschino presents the new My Little Pony, its Spring/Summer 2018 capsule, collection drawing inspiration from the original ponies of the 80’s, and introducing several new ponies. With every piece embellished with butterflies, stars, and the rainbow symbol with Moschino lettering, the brand unveils their bomber- skirt two piece in jersey lurex, leathered backpacks in pastel shades of their toy line, and more.  Walking side by side designer Donatella Versace, were Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Claudia Schiffer, Helena Christensen and Carla Bruni, at Milan Fashion Week. The show marked 20 years of the tragic death of designer Gianni Versace. The line was a curation of the designers original prints, with modern day twists, continuing her brother’s legacy of an Italian brand, empowering women. In Manish Arora’s world, fashion is grand. It is a performance consumed by those who have a flair for drama.   To catch hold of Manish Arora is an incredibly difficult task. He is constantly on the move. One day, he is in the bylanes of Delhi taking in the sights and sounds and the next, he is on a flight to Paris to tend to his store. His shows, in India and abroad, take up most of his time, and yet he finds time (and energy) to collaborate with brands from across genres – shoes, makeup, jewellery, and eyewear.   The designer and his whimsical label are known as much for their aesthetic as they are for their theatricality. This year, for Lakmé Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2017, Manish found a perfect partner in boisterous and cheeky actor Ranveer Singh. The Cosmic Love collection inspired by tribes of Africa and the cosmos. Aztec prints, geometric patchwork, embroidery, velvet appliqués and embellishments in gold and green were seen on silk crêpe drawstring dresses, cropped denim jackets, tunics and velvet gowns. As always, colours took centerstage – mustard, tangerine, midnight blue, violet, fuchsia and royal blue – something that has been a staple of a Manish Arora creation. His eponymous label, launched in 1997, has never been devoid of drama. Manish Arora, a designer, a maverick, a modernist, literally wears his passion for colour on his sleeve.   The designer, who made his international debut in 2005 at the London Fashion Week, is now a regular at the Paris Fashion Week. In the midst of shows and collaborations, he managed to find time to exhibit his work at the Victoria & Albert Museum in London and move onto retail with over 70 stores across the world. A member of Chambre Syndicale du Prêt à Porter des Couturiers since 2009, he was also at the helm of Paco Rabanne in 2011. We caught up with the designer in between his many travels, shows and collaborations.   What’s keeping you busy these days? I have just come back from Srinagar after exploring some textiles. In between, I was working on my collection for Lakmé Fashion Week.  I am also working on my next collection that I will showcase at Paris Fashion Week on September 28.   Tell us about the Mela that you recently designed for Swarovski Crystals Worlds in Austria? It was my vision of India that I carry with me on my travels. It was a representation of contemporary India. For its inaugural Summer Festival held between July 1 and August 31, we transformed Swarovski Crystal Worlds into a colourful Indian fair. I worked closely with the Cultural Director Carla Rumler to co-curate and design the festival that hosted artists and designers from across the globe. We resurrected the spirit of India by filling up the park with art installations.   How would you define your design sensibility? It is all about happiness and joy.   Have you ever thought of deviating from the aesthetics that you are so loved for? Well, I have deviated a couple of times, if you are talking about colours. Having said that I am pretty happy in the space that I have created with my designs.   When did this passion for colour and vibrance find its way into your life? I have always been in love with colours. Coming from a country that’s so colourful, how can I miss it? It has become my USP globally. I feel that this unique identity has helped me stand out.   Were you inspired by someone’s sense of style while growing up? I looked up to pop stars Madonna and George Michael. Their individual styles, their aura was mesmerising.   Did the world of fashion always fascinate you? I could have been a filmmaker or an artiste, but I landed up in a fashion school and became consumed by the idea of creating beautiful clothes. I would like to explore filmmaking and the art world at some point for sure.    Your flagship store in Paris has such an energy about it. Yes. All kinds of people walk into our store, but I have always had a lot of shoppers from China, they really do love my designs.    Over the years, you have had some of the most interesting collaborations. Is it because you have an amicable personality or because of your signature style or both? I think it’s more because of my work that can be swiftly adapted to different things from different genres.   What piques your interest when you are travelling? Does it find its way into your designs? All my travels and experiences are directly reflected in my collections.   How would you describe the difference between shows in India and abroad? There are a lot of differences; it is mostly in terms of planning, the methodology and approach to a show. In Paris, for example, we work for a good five days if need be to find the right girl for the right garment. In India, we finish our fittings in three hours and we work with the models we are allotted. These things, at the end of the day, make a lot of difference. I am not trying to compare India with France because we are still very young and Paris is the fashion capital of the world. But we are getting more professional at a steady pace. Showcasing at both places give me equal pleasure.   What would you choose between, a design breakthrough or a standing ovation at a show?  I think they are part of the same process. A design breakthrough might get you a standing ovation at a show.   What next?  I am off to Burning Man in Nevada. This is all I can think of right now. Shyma Shetty and Pranav Kirti Mishra are poles apart in many ways, but their distinct sensibilities seamlessly integrate in their label Huemn. We enter their world as they go on weaving new threads of fashion for Millennials.   Contrary to how a Huemn show unfolds on the ramp, the studio that designer duo Shyma Shetty and Pranav Kirti Mishra work out of is devoid of theatrics. Bare walls, a long wooden table, and rows of outfits from their fall/winter 2017 collection hang neatly.   The duo is now known for their proclivity for disrupting set norms. At the recently held Amazon India Fashion Week in Delhi, they let their models walk the ramp in seemingly chaotic formation. But, there is a method to their madness. Huemn might be just six-years-old, but it has managed to initiate dialogues about how different can be beautiful. Their designs are not for wallflowers, and yet have no interest in crying for attention.   “We started small with the thought of making clothes that stay true to our aesthetic,” Shyma says. With every collection and every show they realised the strength of a garment. “We gradually understood how fashion can bring about serious change. We started questioning the impact our creations can have and the message it gives out,” Pranav says.   The Delhi-based designers are deeply involved in bringing change through their designs, shows and models they choose. “The name embodies everything we represent. So, if human beings are different from each other, why can’t their fashion be?” Pranav points out that never in our schools were we taught that human is also an emotion, and not just a form. “May be the problems that we see ourselves embroiled in — gender, shapes, and sizes — arose from that one-dimensional thought process. “Our last show was a transparent form of communication around culture, race, shape and sexual preference.   Huemn is trying to deconstruct the boxes that society tries to shove us into, and start a dialogue. If someone feels liberated in a burqa and wants to wear our burqa-dress, so be it. It was a narrative of how beauty lies in individuality,” Pranav says.   Beauty also lies in the fact that how these two very unique individuals from distinct backgrounds have come together to start a fashion label. Growing up in two culturally different cities — Shyma is from Bangalore and Pranav is from Lucknow — they had different dreams and aspirations, and yet when they were studying at NIFT Bangalore, they could not stop talking about starting a label together. They went on to work with different labels — Shyma with the House of Dozakh and Pranav with Abhishek Gupta and Nandita Basu’s label Fightercock— but never really stopped thinking about their idea. The planner in Shyma wanted to wait till everything was put in place, but Pranav nudged her to take the plunge.   Shyma tells us that they have their individual methods of approaching things, even now when they work for the same label. “For me, inspiration is not a single layered thought process. It is something that I don’t have control over. I enjoy conversations and being around people. An idea tends to consume me completely,” she says. Pranav, on the other hand, can’t be around people when he is working on a collection. After the show is over, he needs some time to himself. “Loneliness inspires me. I feel I don’t really function until there is extreme pressure. I also make sure that the team is under pressure. Shyma does not enjoy it at all,” Pranav laughs. He feels chasing sadness is always better than chasing happiness because when  one is chasing sadness, there is always hope around it. “To break it down, he is the mad scientist among us,” Shyma chips in.   It all looks crazy when he is in the process of creating, but what comes out of it is pure genius, she adds. Shyma likes to think of herself as an editor of sorts, because, “I am always shooting ideas down, critiquing it or breaking down something beautiful to put it in an order.” If she won’t do it, a collection would never get finished, quips Pranav. While Pranav takes the creative control, Shyma takes the business decisions. They do not interfere in each others’ arenas, but have their share of arguments, fun banter and discussions.   Over the years, they have learnt to work with each other and the third entity, which is Huemn. “It sometimes saddens us when people assume we are dating and that truly strong business partners are a myth. But, we don’t pay much heed,” Shyma says.   What also has changed over the years is the use of new techniques and stories they build around their collection. “We have started using a lot of handwork and surface texturing,” Shyma says. Their team includes master tailors, design assistants and kaarigars, who have been with them long enough to understand the DNA of the brand. “New things excite them too,” Shyma says. The hunger to stay relevant is bigger than their need to be different. “We are not trying to compete with ourselves, we are trying to be complete within ourselves,” Pranav tells us.   In all their collections, gender fluidity has always played a significant role. For years, Huemn has been working in the direction to convince people that clothes should be genderless, much like our food habits.   The pair is not driven by the fear of oblivion, but looks harder into our society to tell stories of people who dare to be different through their projects and capsule collections. “Huemn Stories is not about selling a product. It is about people and their unique journeys that keep us inspired,” Pranav says. The men and women, wearing basic Huemn tees, agreed to bare it all. So, there is a man abused as a child, a woman for whom wearing burqa is liberating, the men and women who are not ashamed of their sexuality. Huemn Stories travelled to Los Angeles recently and narratives are being put together. The designers also want to feel liberated through the Huemn Project, where they unveil capsule collections that are not bound by seasons or trends. The first edition was Project White Shirt, where they re-imagined simple shirts.   This designer duo, in their early 30s, has a unique take on the dialogues building up around responsible fashion. “More than responsible, fashion needs to reasonable. The duration for which one of our creations, say a jacket, remains in someone’s everyday wardrobe depends on how classic the design is,” Pranav says. A product, according to them, should be ageless, one that does not trigger impulsive buying and an apparel made to last. “If a garment cannot achieve that it will only add to the wastage,” he adds.   Shyma and Pranav plan to make Huemn global (right now, they are present across the country as well as in New York, San Francisco and London) in a bigger way, as they put their website together. Collaboration with Puma is also on the cards. “Our aim is to engage more people into larger conversations, keep our consumers excited and create a movement through our brand,” Pranav says.   Fashion, in itself, is a paradox. If you are creating art, you have to go against the establishment. If you are running a business, you have to be pro-establishment. To stay relevant and viable in fashion, one has to draw a line between these two concepts. Huemn is doing all of that and striving for more. After being at the pinnacle of fashion excellence, Wendell Rodricks has no regrets handing over his label to a young mind. As he gets busy turning his house into a museum of Goan heritage and penning fiction, the designer speaks of life, love and his travel plans.   Wendell Rodricks is considered one of the innovators of the Indian fashion industry. Widely known for his impeccable mastery of design, his exquisitely created ensembles have lavished fluidity and pleats; he lets the design speak for itself. We can envision in his collection, his love for his Goan roots and culture, accentuated by his tremendous creativity. He is accredited for introducing the concept of resort wear in India and for having glorified Goan heritage through his craftsmanship. He is also a perfectionist, especially when it comes to creating sensational effects on fabric. He draws inspiration from beauty in all its forms, particularly from nature. “I would not use the word perfection. We can strive for excellence but not attain perfection. There is always room for improvement. The same goes for in couture. I learnt it in Paris.” Wendell’s designs and expertise at incorporating intricate details on fabrics are beacons in the fashion industry. We could not help but wonder if he was satisfied by his accomplishments to which he replied, “I don’t think about myself much. But sometimes when I read a passage describing me or when I hear an introduction at a public event, I am astonished and embarrassed. Astonished at the fact that I have accomplished any of the things that are mentioned and embarrassed because it is just the public perception. Am I satisfied? I am easy to satisfy since I expect nothing in life.” Before his present calling he worked in the hospitality industry for about six years, something pushed him to take up design courses in the US and France. “My heart always belonged to the world of creativity. I did not know it would be fashion in the end. My stint in hotel management was creative too. I gravitated towards interiors, colours, flowers, and the design of a room or buffet. And eventually I knew it had to be fashion. As a seven-year-old, I was transfixed with the scene in Sound of Music, where Julie Andrews makes clothes out of curtains. To this day I am fascinated by what we can do with a simple piece of fabric. It is magic, every single time.” His garments recount his love for Goan heritage and culture. He explained how that happened over time, “There was no ideology initially. It grew by living near nature in Goa. I was inspired by the minds behind yoga, Ayurveda, South Indian temples, Gandhi, and minimalist design. At that time these were not translated into clothes or lifestyle.” Later, thanks to Goa, he gave India minimalism, eco-friendly resort wear made with humble weaves such as cotton and linen. This at a time when Indian high fashion meant brightly coloured silk with embroidery and embellishments. “It was a gamble, a paradigm shift at many levels. Thankfully, it worked.” To honour his contributions to the fashion industry, Wendell was awarded the Padma Shri in 2014. “I cried when I heard the news. In my head, I am humble enough to think of myself as a glorified tailor. Ritu Kumar got the award for her revivalist work in Indian textiles and design. But when they put my award under the category of Art (Fashion Design), I was overjoyed for the industry as a whole. Imagine us recognised as artists. That thrilled me immensely,” he says. His personal life has equally been, if we can say, is about swimming against the tide. His relationship with Jerome Marrel is undeniably a testimony to the solidity of a love that has defied great odds. Geography was a hindrance at times. They married in a civil ceremony in Paris. Since both of us are of different nationalities, it wasn’t just travel. “We had to figure out visas and such things to get us together. Jerome still has to get an annual work visa despite having lived in India for over two decades. I wish they would grant him an OCI card. Apart from this minor concern, I think what fueled our relationship was the enormous respect along with love that we have had for one another for 34 years now.” But for now, they call Goa their home. In fact, the story behind his Goan home, Casa Dona Maria and how he found it is chronicled in a book, The Green Room. Casa Dona Maria will become the Moda Goa Museum by the end of 2018. He fashioned the house from a dream and intends on leaving it for the rest of us as a legacy of dreams. His home is being converted into a space dedicated to Goan costumes. He has been collecting clothing and artifacts for over 17 years now, ever since he began research for his book Moda Goa. “When that research took me to intern at The National Costume Museum in Lisbon, I realised I could open a Goan Costume Museum. Next year, Moda Goa Museum will become a reality,” Wendell says. He is penning a lot of these days. After he finished writing The Green Room, he admits gaining the confidence to write fiction. His next book Poskem (Om Books) will be out in July. “I enjoy the process and the contemplative emotion while writing.” Looks like there will be more books in the future. While his contemporaries are predictably handing over their legacies and labels to family members, he decided to entrust it to his young prodigy Schulen Fernandes, after being at the helm for 28 years. “I am a very practical person. For a label to live on, one must think of the future and realise that there must be a professional approach to the longevity of the brand. Schulen has my design DNA in her.” Arriving at his studio straight out of a design college, she has been working with him for many years. Schulen, he feels, is a natural successor. “I am very proud of the last two collections she did.” In both Trapezoid and The Cubist Rose, Schulen showed intelligence and maturity to clothe real Indian women with just the right amount of restrained glamour and creative flourish. “I don’t miss being behind the wheel. That said, I go to the studio and potter about. Schulen passes most designs by me for approval. What I admire is that she has her own mind about the collection and the look. She is confident, yet comfortable, to stick to her guns and refute me,” he says. When a new creative leader takes charge of a fashion house, change is inevitable. The same is, in all probability, in store for Wendell’s legendary label. A fresh perspective, youthfulness, and Schulen trying to do her best will go a long way in creating a fashion powerhouse. “Even if it goes against my philosophy, I will accept changes for it will be good for the label,” Wendell adds. With the Wendell Rodricks label now in Schulen’s hands, the master designer has time to focus on other design projects, which he was unable to undertake. He will also have time enough to invest in The Moda Goa Museum and on writing. Travel plans will be rolled out as Wendell intends on striking off all remaining countries on his bucket list. “Out of the 193 countries in the UN, I have seen 150. Some I don’t care to visit. So that leaves me with just about over two dozen. As for the future, whatever is in store for me, good or bad, I will accept with grace and dignity.” For now, he is enjoying the view from the backseat, while dreaming of what challenges tomorrow brings for him to take them head on. She’s keepin’ it real with Gucci. The British illustrator, Fashion Pun-k aka Angelica Hicks collaborates with the Italian House for a limited-edition t-shirt collection. A must-have? But of course!   Be it Kim Kardashian, Snoop Dogg, Salvatore Dali or Wednesday Addams, Angelica Hicks has spared no one and Alessandro Michele found her (no surprise here) on Instagram. She has taken over the illustrative work of 1,100 of Gucci’s t-shirts with 11 of her ironic line drawing designs that pun-fully mark her style. What’s even better is that each of the unisex fit t-shirts is packaged in a vintage-style metal box with the same art work that the t-shirt within has. There will also be tiny die-cut miniatures of all the available prints in this collection which are to be used as decoration. The packaging is completed with a printed card that explains the exclusive nature of the collection and encourages customers to engage with the brand through the #guccigeeks project. There’s more. We know that Angelica’s designs express the uniqueness of fashion. The House is celebrating this collaboration with the almost forgotten art form of hand painted outdoor advertising. The Gucci Art Wall project in New York City’s Soho neighbourhood, a mural done by San Francisco-based artist Jayde Fish named ‘The Hermit’, was unveiled in February, while another one simultaneously appeared on a wall in Milan’s Largo la Foppa quarter, in the lively pedestrian district of Corso Garibaldi. The latter will showcase the illustration for two months and then will continue to change the display with special art projects until the end of the year. We knew when art meets fashion, there will be magic in the air. We are already in love. Rahul Mishra’s designs strike a perfect balance between being innately Indian and fiercely global. If there’s anything equally fascinating as his creations, it is his journey from Malhausi to Paris and beyond.    Rahul Mishra wears sustainability on his sleeves but has long forsaken the soft bubble of comfort, where he could harp on his past laurels to exploit the ‘hit formula’. It was easier for him to slip into a cocoon of familiarity after winning the International Woolmark Prize in 2014, held on the sidelines of Milan Fashion Week, the first Indian designer to do so. It may surprise some of us but Mishra would not like to be known as just a handloom guy or the designer who works with wool. He is here to push the envelope convincingly when it comes to techniques, designs and silhouettes. For him, every new collection begins with a zero. He likes to wipe his slate clean before working on a new collection. “A sense of thoughtlessness is imperative. It’s like the silence before a storm,” the NID-Ahmedabad alumnus says. This helps him keep each collection different from the other. What begins with thoughtlessness turns into a two-month-long sketching (while listening to his then favourite song on a loop), garment visualising, clothes making spree which ends with the humdrum of a show. A melancholic vacuum grips him after a show is over. “And then there is this strange discontent of my own collection that creeps in,” he admits. What keeps him excited though is the prospect of creating something new. He fluidly moves from one fabric blend to the other to add to the freshness. “I like silk-organza a lot but cotton-voil, Chanderi silk and wool too play along well with my designs,” he says. What he sticks to though is his protective stance towards his constant collaborators…the kaarigars. “I like the idea of having a social audit that could keep a check on the craftspeople and their financial and emotional health,” he remarks. He does not wait for such a system to be put into place. He does so on his own, keeping check on over 200 weavers, embroiders, and other kaarigars who have worked with him since the inception of his eponymous label in 2008. He does not ask them to leave their villages, their familiar environment, even if it means he has to constantly be on the move — Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, and West Bengal — to get his work done. “The intangible part is more powerful, much more beautiful for me,” he says, adding that it is important for him that the people he works with are content. His dream of employing a million people — which he shared with the judges at the Woolmark event — is well under way.  Sustainability, according to Rahul, is a moving target. “We cannot think in a vacuum. A larger picture has to be kept in mind and an all-inclusive system has to be put in place for weavers.”  For Rahul, sustainability does not mean working with organic fabrics or employing a few weavers for personal gain. He is of the opinion that accountability should come before sustainability. There are no shortcuts, and a perfect model is a myth. A new kind of industrial revolution is needed, he says. Rahul detests handloom becoming the big ticket to success without weavers getting anything in return. “Let us treat our kaarigars as entrepreneurs, not employees,” he says. One day, he wants to write a book on sustainable fashion, the flip side of it and a no-frills approach to make things fall in line. His idea of sustainability is as unique as the blends he creates. Sample this. The capsule collection he entered for the Woolmark Prize—the event is in its 60th year—the Lotus Effect, was a shift from what was associated with designs from India. Hexagons and lotus motifs were embroidered using the woolen zardozi technique on a hand-woven blend of Chanderi silk and 85 per cent Merino wool. Global appeal was never lost on him as he took inspiration from monochromatic works of Dutch graphic artist Maurits Cornelis Escher. This was, however, not the first time that he had a fresh take on a traditional weave. For his more recent Spring/Summer 2017 line, ‘The Rainforest’ showcased at Paris, he led traditional artisans who brought to life 3D embroidery on natural textiles like cotton-voile and organdy to celebrate post-impressionist French painter Henri Rousseau’s artworks. The surface texturing on hand woven textiles brought forth stories of nature, craft, art and the fight for its survival.  For his debut at Lakmé Fashion Week in 2006, Rahul turned Kerala handloom mundu upside down, or shall we say inside out. Quite literally. In 2009, he created reversible fabrics blending Kerala cotton with Benarasi silk. The collection was a dream and also a dream-come-true for the designer, for it earned him a scholarship at Istituto Marangoni in Milan, making him the first non-European designer to receive it.  Following an international debut at Paris Fashion Week in 2015, he is now a regular on its calendar, showcasing (and retailing) across the globe. Given a choice, he would prefer experiencing a great design breakthrough over a standing ovation at a show. “A design breakthrough becomes a part of the history. Standing ovation might qualify as news.” What makes him so grounded, we think, is his student-like approach towards his work. “Craft is like an institution. You can learn so much if you stay focused,” Rahul says. Speak to him for an hour and he can put a lot of things into perspective. In one swift sentence, he explained to me the negative impact of growing too much cotton too fast, the diminishing cycle farming and a complete lack of empathy towards agrarian clusters. Rahul comes across more mature than his age. All of 37, he is a Gandhian at heart, which we assume is the reason behind it. The blue-eyed boy of the fashion fraternity holds on to his self-effacing side, something ingrained in him by his humble upbringing in Malhausi, a sleepy village in Uttar Pradesh. Ask him what he misses the most about it and he promptly replies, ‘the slow pace of life’. For now, there is no slowing down for Rahul Mishra as he readies himself for the next season of Paris Fashion Week, 2017 edition of FDCI India Couture Week, and many collaborations that keep him from taking a much-needed vacation with his wife Divya and his eighteen month old daughter Aarna.   RAPID FIRE If not a designer, Rahul Mishra would have been...A cricketer Fashion capitals closest to my heart...Paris and Milan On my vacation wishlist...Driving through hills On my playlist now...Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan What excites me... Films, art, sports My circle...Wife Divya, daughter Aarna, parents and close friends On a regular day, I dress up in... Linen or cotton shirt teamed with trousers and Adidas trainers       Modern calligraphist and the creator of Calligrafuturism, Pokras Lampas just realised the biggest calligraffiti in Italy on the Fendi headquarter rooftop, reinterpreting the F IS FOR…manifesto in a very unique way. Check it out.   

 Stylist to many celebrities and personalties, Geeta Khanna in association with her company Hirumchi Styling and Hachette India, has released Style of India, a coffee table book that chronicles the evolution of fashion. She speaks to us on her journey of styling and the making of the book.   LOfficielIndia: What inspired you to come up with a coffee table book on style? Was it easy to research and capture so many eras, genres and stalwarts of fashion and style in one book?    Geeta Khanna: As an idea, Style of India burgeoned due to my stint in New York. People often asked me about Indian fashion–it was restricted to saris, Bollywood or a few popular Indian designers. I realised that abroad people were unaware of how talented and progressive Indian creative professionals are. There was very little information on the body of work that had evolved over thousands of years. It then occurred to me that there is no ‘modern presentation’ of India out there for them to see, when it came to style and fashion—just various snippets. And this was not just about foreigners. In India too, there was no unifying work that brought the various elements together in a single accessible point. Yes, it was challenging to find a ‘method to the madness’–India with its diversity, parallel fashion and culture phenomena. I think it was easier to simply take the historic timeline approach and weave around it, which is what I did.    How long did it take to complete the book? Were there any challenges or any discouragement at any point?    The thought was brewing since 2007, but I started working on the book full time end 2010. I think I had the ‘beginners’ luck initially, and landed a publisher and a sponsor for my first shoot for the book, even before I started working on the manuscript. But things were very rough 2013 onwards, and several things that I had not anticipated started to emerge. I was frustrated enough at a point to simply ‘sell’ off the entire work of three years…but I held back.   What aspects of fashion did you encapsulate in the book that you think are otherwise forgotten or neglected, when we speak on this and its related subjects?    I think that we attach too much importance to spring-summer and autumn-winter fashion clock. This is much more relevant when fashion is a mainstream business, as it is and was in the west when it emerged. But we should not forget that in India, we dress according to festivals and events such as wedding, ceremonies, or when we initiate our children into student life. Somewhere, we have lost touch with this side of our culture, which is the very defining feature of our lives as Indians. I think when I did the first event to promote Sally Holkar’s effort to help the women who work for Maheshwari handloom as the first ‘Heritage and Style of India’ event, I presented a concept that has since then snowballed into a fashion mainstay. We did this in April 2013, where we invited designers to send some of their tunics, and corsets that we teamed with khadi and handloom saris. Today, I don’t need to even say anything more than this, it was picked as a huge story by a fashion magazine in just six months, and then it was all over the fashion weeks. But what is still neglected, I believe is the deep dive into our cultural nuances and extracting from it.   Tell us more about your company, Hirumchi Styling? What are some of the milestones in the course of its being?    It started as a fashion syndicate for fashion trade magazines in India; we used to style trade fashion shows, and sometimes advice brands with media buying, art direction and execution of art works. As a start-up, we were doing very well with a tight team of about five people. Then things changed in a big way after I started work on the book as a full time project. I cut down on business and eventually laid off most of my team, whom I used to absolutely love. I almost became three people myself, because I started reading, spending time in libraries and looking for information. By 2012, I think I was looking more like a scholar and less like a stylist or a business woman! Some of the milestones of Hirumchi Styling Company include setting up the identity of the brand Alberto Torresi amongst several others, styling for Sportswear International–India edition, starting the Heritage and Style of India platform that promotes Indian handloom, craft and art.   Do you see an evolution, when it comes to hiring stylists? Has there been a surge in the demand for personal stylists beyond celebrities and actors?    Absolutely! The stylists today are very slick, up and with it. I am extremely proud of the new crop of professionals in India. Styling as an industry is just starting, it will get better and better, as people want to be treated like ‘stars’ and want to express their own selves.    How do you define your personal style?   Couture Sportswear.   If you were to invent a piece of garment, what would it be?    More than a garment, I would invent a software that creates the best composition to wear so that it is available to you in five minutes... To read more, get our November 2016 copy or subscribe foor the issue here.  The young, socialite, celebrity-hugging creative director of Blamain, knows exactly how to breathe glamour. Oliver Rousteing took the courageous risk and went full monty on social media to reinvent the French brand. Are you following? Take your chin on a lower angle, which gives the cheekbones a high that is needed and make sure the lighting is…preferably natural, sunlight would do. That’s the spot-on technique you need to learn from Olivier Rousteing, the creative director of Balmain, the glam mecca of Paris. The young, gorgeous man with the perfect pout, knows when a lens is pointing towards him and he aces as a subject every single time. Olivier took on to Instagram at the time when it was building its ground amongst people all over the world; and for him, this medium was the new marketing tool. He believes himself to be an artist and also a businessman. Being with the reality TV star, Kim Kardashian taught him how to exploit social media to expand his business. Olivier is the kind who always puts up pictures of behind-the-scenes in front where everybody can see every step he takes. Initially, the fashion house wasn’t very pleased with the kind of Instagram posts Olivier would put up on his own on the company’s account. Ditto for the selfies he took, sometimes with celebrities. But Balmain’s ‘followers’ shot up.      Between Olivier’s internet presence and celebrity outreach, the brand began picking up a buzz. Famous for his Instagram exploits, Olivier is often seen partying with models and rubbing shoulders with the Kardashians. He is the creative director of Balmain, with 4 million followers on Instagram, over 60K followers on Twitter and 88,219 ‘likes’ on Facebook. Besides ruling the virtual upfront, he has an enviable friend circle. From being besties with Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, to almost every night party companions– Kendell and Kylie Jenner, Gigi Hadid, Joan Smalls and Alessandra Ambrosio to name a few, are also addressed after a hashtag trend – #BALMAINARMY. His ‘army’ as he defines, is a collection of models, actors, musicians and pop-culture icons whom he calls as glamorous, beautiful, diverse, confident, sexy and powerful– especially powerful. Olivier has long considered supermodel Jourdan Dunn as his muse. She is also been quite prominent and is often seen with the creative director. After being introduced to her by Kanye West, Olivier has taken a big liking for Kim Kardashian and her mother Kris Jenner. He regularly hangs out with them in Paris. Kim, not surprisingly, has worn Balmain to everything from her Paris bachelorette party to the MTV Video Music Awards, Met Gala 2016 and was recently seen with Olivier through her Snapchat stories. Binx Walton, the model may not be the one whose name you would hear everyday, but she happens to be his biggest muse. He’s talked frequently on how taken he was by her the first time they met, and how she personifies what his brand is about.      In June 2013, singer Rihanna went a step further. She posted a few pictures with Olivier on Instagram showing off their ramp skills in a closet-turned-runway. She seemed to be in full awe of the designer and even captioned on one snap, “It’s like wearing a Mona Lisa trust me! This shit is art, like you don’t even wanna touch it!!.” Olivier has called Rihanna his muse, and said she could turn him straight, and even hand-picked all the costumes for her Diamond Tour. She flooded her Instagram account with pictures of her outfits and about Olivier, trending hashtags like #TheyOnlyPlayMusicHere and #HeCalledMeHisMuse. From this moment on everything changed for Olivier who went forward to ruling Instagram.  Olivier considers Rosie Huntington- Whiteley a bombshell. His another recruit is reformed child pop star turned heartthrob Justin Bieber, whom he took, dressed in a glittering jacket, as his date to the highbrow Met Gala. It was evident that Bieber was really honored to have Olivier support him at his first ever Gala appearence. His social media platform (especially. Instagram) has helped Balmain become the first French brand to hit the 5.5 million followers. Olivier, who after all these successful years on the job wants to make it clear to all those who think that he is not a fashion fanatic, is determined to change that. For him his job is not just to design clothes but to also give a new vision to fashion. Haley Bennett is quickly establishing herself as one of Hollywood’s most dynamic actresses. A shutterbug’s star, she emerges a stunner in Dior’s Cruise’17 collection. We delve into her multiple facets, even though, she likes to ‘ keep it simple’.   What does the house of Dior mean to you?   When I think of the House of Dior, I think of elegance, timelessness,  and an allure that is impossible to describe. It’s just Dior. No  description needed.   You were invited to the show at the Blenheim Palace. What do you  think about the Cruise 2017 collection?  The ambience of the Cruise 2017 show made my heart beat a little  quicker. It made my skin flush. The Blenheim palace is epic and is as  lush and romantic as its beautiful gardens. It’s history echoed from all  the intricate walls. That was reflective of the collection.   According to you, what does this collection say about the spirit of  Dior?   There is a free spirited vibe to Cruise 2017. I feel the collection is  luxurious and easy to wear. It gives a nod to the past but remains  modern and fresh.   How does it feel to wear this new collection for this series of pictures? It was a treat to be the first woman to wear the collection from the runways for the Dior magazine cover shoot. Out of a dream. And again for a shoot in New York.   Do you relate to the asthetics of this collection?  I really identify with the chameleon. As an actor I get to experience these sort of transformations. While I recognise myself, it’s a character. She is a woman that is mysterious and a little edgy.   Read our November issue to read more. Subscribe here.  “I decided to call it Silos because this building used to store food, which is, of course, essential for life. For me, just as much as food, clothes are also a part of life.”-Giorgio Armani Walking towards the glass façade and gorgeous Italian men in black suits to attend to you, and sophistication reflecting through the greyish-beige walls with a contrasting black ceiling–you know you are going to travel back to 1975 and witness the best works of Giorgio Armani till date.   Built in 1950, which previously housed Nestle grains, the newly re-constructed building reflects the very soul of the designer himself. The interiors look structured but give you a certain ease, just like his jackets without the shoulder pads. Spread over four floors, each showcasing an inspiration from various parts of the world, clothes worn by different celebrities, there’s a colour palette to follow, and a platform for accessories and beyond.   Daywear section on the ground floor, which displays de-constructed jackets, suits and other formal attires, also has a suit worn by Richard Gere in American Gigolo. The first floor, which is the Exotic section, is driven by the cultures of Japan, embroideries of India and Africa, and designs of China.   The Chromatic section on the second floor, is where colours are the base for the outfits. There’s Katie Holme’s iconic red dress accessories sit on a hologynic blue platform along with the insect brooches, embellished clutches and shoes. Is that a trick or a treat to the eyes? You will know it only when you see it.   In the Light section, which is on the third floor, you see beautiful crystal and pearl embroidered outfits that impersonate paradise, something that is seen nowhere. The oh-so gorgeous white and silver tones on the sheer dresses and trousers, complimented by the metallic silver walls at the back are nothing but a fantasy coming true.   Apart from the exhibit, The Light section also has a digital archive that consists touchscreen tablets which has accessories and around 1000 outfits with their backgrounds of which ones were worn by who, if any. The projection area with a sitting space, show you the advertisement campaigns of Armani, pictures from the collections created by the designer himself, brand’s short films, Giorgio Armani’s collaborations with the stars of the movie world. Once you start looking at the cut-films, you will without any doubt lose the track of time, and well that’s what the surreal atmosphere of Armani/Silos does to you.   Besides the beautiful sections of the enthralling outfits stored over the years, they have a gift shop right when you enter. With a café on the ground floor, you can sip onto the Italian coffee while you prepare yourself to get back to the pragmatic world as its time to leave the Armani-c experience behind, and step out for a fancy dinner at the Duomo in Milan.    We shortlisted the best ensembles worn by celebrities at last night’s Met Gala 2015. By Dessidre Fleming    It’s that time of the year again when we scroll through our Twitter and Instagram feeds to swoon over the fantastical ensembles that drape some of the most revered names in tinsel town. And, like every year, this time around, too the faces that made an appearance on the red carpet at the Met Gala 2015 did anything but disappoint. From Ready-To-Wear to Couture, we saw some of the latest fashion trends, as seen on the runway, make for the spotlight. So, without much further ado, we bring to you our very own list of the 10 best dressed women at the Met Gala 2015. Let the credits roll!   The saga began in 1901, when travelling by steamboat was all the rage, sailing across the globe with a very modern freedom of movement and the peerless comfort of transatlantic crossings. Louis Vuitton designed the Steamer, a soft-sided bag that fitted easily into the drawer of a trunk.      Crafted in canvas with a leather-reinforced base and sturdy handles, it could be put down anywhere or hung up conveniently in the cabin. An intimate companion, it separated clean garments from soiled laundry, while its unpickable lock guarded the essentials of its elegant owners. The Steamer was the first soft-sided travel bag, a forerunner of modern hand luggage. Since then, it has sailed through time to become a true city bag, with Nicolas Ghesquière paying it tribute in his Cruise 2016 collection.   Here is the evolution of LV's Steamer Bag.                                           Here is the City Steamer, already a classic, endowed with all the qualities of a highly crafted bag.   The House’s exceptional leather expertise is evident in its Toron handles and it comes in a choice of the most exclusive hides. Like every unique object, it requires time to perfect, under the artisans’ watchful eyes who assemble and stitch each bag by hand.  In pure smooth or grained calfskin leather, it also boasts a contemporary graphic look combining two or three colours, as well as ultra-chic versions in rare materials. The saga continues and it’s full steam ahead for the City Steamer. L'Officiel India brings back the 5 most iconic and prominent dates which marked the evolution of Vouis Vuitton's City Steamer!    1960 Steamer Bag in Monogram Canvas With An Address Tag.     Read L'Officiel India's take on luxury fashion and fashion houses here. Subscribe for L'Officiel India's September copies here.  Ninety years ago, today, Fendi came to be. This powerhouse of a brand started humbly as a fur and leather goods dealer by Adele and Edoardo Fendi. It’s after the five Fendi sisters took over is when the house saw a new wave of appreciation. In keeping with its aesthetic and quality, Anna, one of the five Fendi sisters called upon a then young but still great Karl Lagerfeld to head the fur and womens ready-to-wear division. I think it’s safe to say that this long running relationship between Fendi and Karl is only growing stronger. As Fendi celebrates its 90th anniversary through the beautiful spectacle they put on at the Trevi fountain in Rome, the experience catered to all senses and emotions of any person present there, after all, it was a show so large, introducing new and unseen levels of grandeur.    We caught up with the legend behind the name. A quick conversation that says it all, unfiltered and full of banter Mr. Lagerfeld says it like it is, and looks great doing it. When asked about his association with Fendi over the years, which is the longest running collaboration in fashion history, and that one outfit he’d like to revive, he says unabashedly, “I don’t think about the past, I always think about the next and want to do more because I think I can do better and improve”. From fur, to crape to leather and beyond, over the many years of association, all fabrics, textiles and silhouettes were explored, some even invented in ways only the legendary powerhouses combined can. From Kangana Ranaut to Kate Hudson, they’ve all worn and adorned Fendi. From toting around the peek-a-boo bag to sashaying down the red carpet in unique couture pieces, one thing’s for sure, every woman is the Fendi woman. “It is very difficult to identify a specific woman,” says Karl of who he thinks the idea Fendi woman is, “Our job is to propose collections hoping that many women will appreciate what we do. Saying it’s for this kind of woman and not for the other, it’s too sharp a remark,” he explains. Agreed, fashion as an entity is for anyone who can buy it, can understand it and can appreciate it and perhaps, Fendi and Karl are happy to have that in their wide range of audience.    It’s often crossed our minds, a man’s ability to take on so much and never break a sweat. With Chanel, Fendi and his eponymous label Karl Lagerfeld, all running successfully, does it not get confusing for the one man behind it all? How does he keep the Fendi brand identity different, one wonders. He begins to describe saying “It’s so natural to me. I disconnect from Paris and from anything else and I connect to what I’m doing there. I forget the rest.” Owing his ability to switch between the labels so effortlessly to his personalities, he decodes it all, “I don’t have one personality, I have three. Fendi is my Italian version, Chanel my French version and Lagerfeld is my own version. I never made something that looked like Chanel at Fendi and never made something that looked like Fendi at Chanel because both have an identity.” And this is very evident in every thread and bead that goes into each of the design house’s collections. When asked about the future of Fendi and where he sees the label years from now, he explains, “Fendi is a global brand with high quality and modern design. It is moving forward, changing and enticing. Admitting that with the world he likes to change as well. “With fashion you have to. That’s what fashion is about!”    It’s easy to look past all details in the name of brand value, for most consumers. However, with Karl as the creative head, every detail matters. The craftsmanship can never go unnoticed, and the love for his art is sewn through every inch of his creations. A man so dedicated, a man so talented, Karl epitomises fashion. Fendi has long been the go-to design house for all those with exquisite taste and that’s just a testament to the brand’s aesthetic and the talent of the man behind it all. Ladies and gentlemen, Karl Lagerfeld continues to inspire, Fendi continues to aspire and we continue to appreciate. Ninety years after it came to be, today Fendi stands as one of the largest fashion houses in the world. It’s presence in the fashion industry has set a standard for all those who follow and with each passing season and each collection that comes with it, we await with baited breath, to see what Karl will do next, as only Karl can do best. What is that one thing that is common on a modest cotton curtain from Anokhi, a jacquard upholstered chaise longue in a Paris castle, a Jamawar shawl from Kashmir, a piece of textile from Scotland, a silver platter from Iran and the Kancheepuram sari that mom wears on a dress-up day. Call it what you please: Mankolam in Tamil, Kalka in Bengali, Koyari in Marathi, Kerii in Urdu, Carrey in Hindi, Ambi in Punjabi, Ham Hock in Chinese, Buta or Boteh in Iranian, Peizuili in Japanese–all of it translates to that one neverdie motif. The Paisley. The Mango Print.      The motif has become so common in our lives that we have stopped noticing it. In fact, we are not even sure who really created it. There are several stories, versions and countries that claim its origin. The English takes credit for it as the pattern became popular when the textile industry located in a place called Paisley in Scotland began making it. The Welsh textile makers claimed it and christened it the Welsh Pears as far back as 1880. The Persians (now Iran) call it the Buta–in their creative mind what we see as a mango looked liked an inverted tear drop. The French, never to miss chance on anything that is even remotely fashion, called it their pattern as the Jacquard makers began using it on shawls and upholstery and gave it a touch of luxury by weaving it in silk for the French royalty. Napolean and his wife Josephine encouraged this. Napolean who was constantly at war wanted his economy to grow and given that the French were lagging in manufacturing, compared to other countries, he revamped the jacquard looms making it faster and more efficient, thus dramatically increasing the production of paisley-printed shawls. His wife played an important role by making sure that the paisely became a French iconic motif by showing off hundreds of her printed shawls. Call it the selfie moment of that time, Josephine displayed several portraits of herself wearing shawls in similar style and colour, craftily making it the ‘must-have’ fashion and luxury accessory among the rich and the famous. When and where did our favourite motif enter our world and who really owns the rights to it? The oldest version goes all the way up to ancient Babylon giving Iraq the credit for discovering the motif, though Sam Wills in a series on BBC traced our Ambi to a place called Yazd in Iran. According to Will’s theory the origin lies in Yazd because of its weaving technique on a traditional cloth called termeh, which is made of silk and cotton, and often included the Boteh print. Another version from within the Persian region dates the origin of paisley somewhere between 200-650 AD. A rather long time to create a motif that is basically a mango, we say? However, no story is complete without two aspects: religion and the United States of America. While most scholars more or less agree to the Iranian origin of the paisley, there are scholars who believe it is the convergence of a stylised spray and a cypress tree: a Zoroastrian symbol of life and eternity and that the paisley is actually a bent cedar tree that Zarathustra planted in paradise. And, of course, the tree in paradise bent over during the Muslim conquest of Persia. Meanwhile, the Azerbaijanis have also staked claim on the paisley as it is widely used in their architecture. While there may still be some ambiguity about the copyright of the motif, it is quite clear that the Muslims played a major role in its popularity. The motif travelled with the Islamic kings as they moved along continents conquering various countries be it India, Pakistan or Persia. Once it reached these countries, it entered the West through the English and other imperialistic countries of the time. In India, for instance, the East India Company exported Indian cotton, indigo and patterns, which became very popular in the West during the 18th and 19th century, especially after the end of the Mughal period. Where does America fit in paisely story? The quilt makers of America call it ‘the Persian Pickle’. Why? One of the quilt makers looked at the motif and found a close resemblance to figs, which reminded him of Persian figs and thus Persian Pickle.      However, singer Prince (who died of an overdose in April this year) saved the day by giving the paisley its due with a song Paisley Park along with The Revolution. The song was the first single released in select markets in their album, ‘Around the World’. As a tribute he also named his studio in Minnesota The Paisley Park, which was later opened for public viewing. Fig, teardrop or mango, call it what you will, but the last laugh in the entire paisley drama goes to the Italians. We can write realms and realms on the beauty and origin of paisley as an everlasting motif, but the one man who actually realised the commercial value of it has nothing to do with it at all.      Gimmo Etro, the founder of the luxury brand Etro, a pedantic traveller, who believed the motif originated in Mesopotamia, took the pattern and used it extensively on his textiles and claimed ownership of it though technically he could not patent or copyright it. However, today paisley is synonymous with Etro, which uses the motif on most of its products including perfume bottles, scarves, shawls, stoles, shirts and accessories. Gimmo clearly went to the grave laughing. Even as the world fought over the motif and spent money trying to own it, he simply used it all over his brand and owned it without spending a dime. His successors continue the tradition every season by bringing variants of the pattern. Back to where does our good old Ambi belong? Well, let’s say it is ours simply because we are a humble country of ‘mango-people’. The rest is just history. Would you buy a bag made of human leather? Well, if you can strut the streets with pride with your Ostrich leather bag and snakeskin shoes, why not human leather? Who would have thought that we would be mulling over fashionable human leather accessories all because of a final year college project created by a student from a fashion school? That’s exactly what Tina Gorjanc, a recent graduate from the Central Saint Martin’s has done. She brought the legendary Alexander McQueen back from the dead, well almost. Tina calls this the ‘Human Project’ and chose the perfect fashion icon for the project: one of the most famous alumni of her fashion school. Yes, Alexander McQueen himself, who died in 2010. Tina Gorjanc developed the idea of creating a collection made from ‘human leather,’ which is made in a laboratory using McQueen’s DNA. Ironically, McQueen himself had used his own hair in the labels of his first collection, and the owner of these pieces agreed to give Gorjanc one hair in order to extract McQueen’s genetic information for her research. Says Tina, “After finishing my bachelor’s degree in fashion and textile in Slovenia, I moved to London to pursue my career. I worked in the fashion industry for two years and in the course of that time, I discovered my interest in biotechnology.” Tina enrolled in the Material Future course at Central Saint Martin’s, where she learned how to combine her passion for research with her background in fashion. She says, “The course helped me shape as a designer and allowed me to find the branch of design I want to work in– critical design. Tina created a collection of accessories and clothes using McQueen’s skin. But for Tina, this was not just an Alexander McQueen project. “Though with his genius, he certainly deserves one,” she quickly clarifies. However, after researching on several “candidates” for her project Tina eventually settled on McQueen. She says, “There are two reasons why I chose him. One, the lack of legislation surrounding the protection of genetic materials, and I wanted to showcase how someone can gain from sources you would assume is highly protected. McQueen’s genetic information was interesting from the perspective that he is dead, has an enormous brand empire that is protected with numerous copyrights and still has relatives who have inherited his possessions. Despite all that no one had bothered to protect his genetic information.” The second reason was more practical–it was easy and possible to authenticate and access his genetic information through his hair labels. “And that’s how it became a McQueen project.” Tina researched old medical cases and found out about the exploitation of genetic material that is more common around the world than we would like to believe.      One of the first such experiments was in the medical field in 1950, where Henrietta Lacks, a woman of African-American origin unwittingly became a donor of cells from her cancerous tumour that was biopsied during treatment for cervical cancer. The cells were later cultured by a scientist called George Otto Gey to create the first human immortal cell line, now known famously as the HeLa cell line, which continues to be used for medical research. Such genetic research is common in medicine. For example, John Moore, a leukaemia patient, died fighting for a share of a profit from the anti-cancer drug that was derived from his cell. The doctors extracted biological material from him, then copyrighted and used the material for products that could cure some diseases. None of these patients had given consent for it, nor were they given the benefit or share of the profits that came out of it. Moore lost the battle in the court and eventually died fighting for patient rights and genetic information. Tina says, “Today, the luxury industry is investing in biotechnology and I find it fascinating how science and fashion are coming together on a platform. “But this is also where it gets complicated. The source of some of the products that are developed come from the leftovers of surgical patients, who obviously do not keep it in their possession. These materials (like hair, skin, bone) belong to the institutions that sell them to bioengineering companies as a source of stem cells. And if those companies are collaborating with a luxury brand, the cells are produced into products and copyrighted by the manufacturing company,” she points out. As the young designer, who raised many eyebrows with her project with critics calling it a “freak show” to turning it into a discussion on ethics, the goal of the project, she reiterates, was to speculate how big corporations could exploit genetic information as a new source of luxury in the future. Tina adds, “The Human Project addresses the problems when it comes to defining the ownership of the information and its inheritance. The same process can be applied to multiple sources.” Which is why she went hunting for that one strand of Alexander McQueen’s hair. She had to have a genuine piece of McQueen in her hand. Tina approached people who owned his collections to get the hair that McQueen used in his labels. “We never really finalised an agreement regarding my acquiring the hair. My end-goal was never to use the source of information and turn it into a business. I just wanted to base the whole project on a truly reliable and authenticatable source.” Once she got ‘the hair’, the question was how to turn this into actual usable leather that could then become your favourite ‘it’ bag. That was when her peers told Tina that she may have bitten more than she can chew. After all, it all seemed like a scene from a sci-fi movie. A young girl out to recreate a dead legend and expose the big corporates that take advantage of our body, the plot was thickening. Thus began the procedure of de-extinction (think Lost World), in which a biological agent is applied to the hair in the form of liquid to extract certain genetic information from it. Then you use it to biologically programme an existing skin draft (the closer the specimen you use to humans the better the results). Once you draft it, the skin grows using the genetic information and mimics the tissue from your original source. And voila! McQueen is reborn.      “You can grow the skin using different techniques,” Tina elaborates. “We did it in a Petri dish in the laboratory, and you put liquid treatments and nutrients on the skin, so it expands. After that when you want to create leather out of it, you actually need to kill the cells, and the first layer and so apply a lot of heat onto it to preserve it. When the material is done and you have leather,” she explains. She adds, “This process protects the biological information so you are not able to extract any more biological information from the leather, because the cells are dead. It is a typical technique that they use for any other leather. You could also use bio-printing to create this material, but that is more expensive. The finished product looks like the leather you buy in the shops now,” she claims. “While the skin is growing in the laboratory, it doesn’t really look like skin, because we are just growing the first two layers of the skin. Visually, when you tan it and apply colouration to it, it can look just like leather,” Tina says. Once the science is out of the way, it is pretty much the routine. The leather is ready to be pattered, cut and designed to be your arm candy for the season! Given the lifespan of fashion, who knows who is going to be your next shoe or bag or bomber jacket. Perhaps, why Tina has quickly applied for a patent. The patent is theoretically based of his genetic information as a source of a procedure that results in the laboratory grown leather made from human tissue. “The purpose of the patent is to include his information mainly to promote the issue that products made out of genetic information are patentable as the information by itself is not. That goes to show that even if the legislation is still trying to reassure us that the information is protected to some extent, there is still a way to exploit them,” she explains. The ease with which she explains the complicated project making, it sounds like walk in the park, you know this young 20-something is ready for new things, despite the criticisms that came her way. “I think with every critical design project, there are and will be a duality of reaction from the public. This is how it should be. The project’s goal was to provoke a debate on a particular issue that everybody was ignoring and I have achieved that.” As for those questioning the ethics of it all, Tina argues that ‘human leather’ could actually be an ethical alternative to animal skins. “A lot of people are really grossed out by the whole procedure,” she admits, “but in my opinion it’s way less gross than other procedures at a leather farm because it doesn’t include animal slaughter and is completely lab born and doesn’t hurt any human beings. We are so grossed out by human leather, but then use animal leather in our every day life.” As she stumps down her critics, the fashion designer peeps out of the experimentalist and says, “It is really interesting how you can manipulate human leather in the laboratory, you can add freckles and moles because it is just a matter of condensing the melanin to one point. You can also apply other manipulation, such as tattoos.” Tina Gorjanc, the girl who went under the skin of Alexander McQueen is planning her next step–the future. Literally! “I am passionate about research and want to speculate the future application of developing technologies. I believe my future work will revolve around this subject. I am thinking of expanding the project that will allow me to discover more than what I have barely touched upon,” she informs. Well, if human leather clutch is your thing, go for it. Or a tote with freckles! Minor warning: If it isn’t fully tanned (with a chemical of vegetable treatment) when you expose it to the sun it can get sun burnt as the human skin is more fragile than animal skin because it has less protective layers. So make sure you carry enough sun tan lotions and moisturisers, unless you want that sexy, just-back from the Mediterranean tan look for your bag too. If you are in the mood to go on a shopping spree, here are some of the best investments you won’t regret.                         To read more interesting luxury fahsion stories, subscribe to Lofficiel India's September Issue.   If you are in the mood to go on a shopping spree, here are some of the best investments you won’t regret. August 25 saw the passing of yet another creative genius this voracious year has taken away from us. The French designer and writer Sonia Rykiel, who died at her home in Paris at the age of 86 after complications from Parkinson’s disease, was born Sonia Flis on May 25, 1930, and she truly lived her life as a child of eternal spring. The first of five daughters to her Russian mother and Romanian father, she was a true trailblazer, a leader that single handedly defined the essence of being Parisian in all its liberated, elitist, instinctive and daring charm. A red triangle of frizzled hair framing her knife-sharp features and deep-set, kohl smudged eyes, and a tiny frame almost always clad in total black, created an iconic look that made her instantly recognisable. Her friend Karl Lagerfeld would do hundreds of drawings of her, and director Robert Altman was so fascinated by her attitude towards the industry that, when he visited one of her fashion shows he was inspired to make his 1994 film Prêt-à-Porter: Rykiel despised using women as soulless dolls pacing up and down the runway and she would rather send them walking in bouquets of giggling and chatting groups, resembling ordinary women strolling down the street.   THE SHAPE OF THINGS TO COME  Working mother, woman liberator, seducer, fashion democratiser, “Queen of Knits” as she was labelled by WWD in 1972, fashion writers loved to call her “Coco Rykiel”, comparing her to Chanel and suggesting she was, in a way, her successor in freeing women from the restraints of their sex by allowing them to explore a more androgynous, fresh and relaxed attitude. Granted the Legion of Honor twice, this pluralistic force of nature was never officially trained, nor was she groomed next to a talented mentor. In fact, she did not even take fashion seriously. But she absolutely adored getting dressed up fast and fantastic, as she loved the female form and wished to expose it in all its glory, firstly through a need to liberate her own figure. It was 1962 and Sonia would pick clothes for her then husband Sam Rykiel’s boutique, Laura. But none of the sophisticated designs of their successful business seemed to flatter Sonia’s changing body, while being pregnant with their second child, Nathalie (son Jean-Philippe was born in 1961). At a time when maternity wear looked like tents created to conceal the body, she did what felt right to her, changing, in a simple act of bold creativity, the course of her life altogether. Using knitted cloth by one of her Italian suppliers, she made a long sweater with high cut armholes that narrowed her shoulders and a clinging fit that exposed her growing belly in its full glory. “I wanted to show the world how happy I was,” she said in a 1976 interview. “My mother-in-law was scandalised, but my friends asked how they could find one like it.”   TALKING ABOUT A REVOLUTION  It was the boiling hot Parisian May of 1968 that saw the freshly divorced Sonia opening up her own boutique on Rue de Grenelle, right in the center of the Sorbonne student riots. Her pregnancy design had already turned into the poorboy sweater, her trademark piece adored by the likes of Audrey Hepburn and Catherine Deneuve. Yes, as fashion gossip has it, Rykiel did not know how to knit. But she knew how to deconstruct the rules and create new paths, initiating her own fashion revolution. Quilted jackets, exposed hems, folk designs and flirtatious jupe culottes, her collections never lacked imagination and allure. As early as 1971, long before the rise of the slogan T-Shirts in couture, she designed a sweater with the word “sensuous” embroidered on it, with “mode” and “amour” quickly following, launching a new norm by embracing the word on the streets. A true nonconformist, Sonia was the first designer to not only focus on ready-to-wear but also bring it to the masses through her collaborations with companies such as Les 3 Suisses, La Redoute and H&M. In 2002, she also started selling lingerie and erotica in her boutique, as a new way of freeing the body from the constraints of convention. In a magnificent alignment of spirits, Rykiel and her fashion sense seemed to be in sync with her British peer, Vivienne Westwood. Perfectly in tuned with the teenage rebellion of their times, they both became a voice of the new, liberated women with a changing attitude towards clothes. But what Sonia brought to the fashion equation was far more empowering to the female form, designing for “a fragile, but strong working woman”, as she told The New York Times in 1987.   A LIFE LESS ORDINARY  And what a working woman she, herself was. Choosing to live in the outskirts of fashion, Sonia Rykiel was also an author, as she wrote for magazines, completed a novel, a children’s book and books on fashion. “I think creativity is inside you,” she had said in a 1982 interview. “If you have something to tell, you expose it. I never went to any design school. I was so strong in my thinking and my way of seeing fashion, I knew exactly what I wanted. I said to myself, ‘I have no limits’.” Today, as she rests at the Montparnasse Cemetery, amongst the good company of Sartre, de Beauvoir, Gainsbourg and Baudlaire, a few of her words, spoken after she received her honors in 2012, linger in the crisp, September air, summing up her life’s journey: “I travelled the world; I loved life, pleasure; I adored to write, create.” It's a season of flora and fauna. The animals are out to play too. This urban jungle and its inhabitants need no introduction. Here's a complete guide to the lushest of trends that you must possess right now. 1.    2.  3.     4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   11.  12.  13.    A fantasy rendition of what the imaginary Instagram accounts of our favourite musicians would look like.   To know more, grab a copy!  or DOWNLOAD our APP: http://bit.ly/lofficielindia  or SUBSCRIBE at:  http://tcg.media/subscribe.php Size zero is a tag that does not intimidate Sonakshi Sinha. If it did, she wouldn’t have made a debut in a sari in Dabangg with a star as big as Salman Khan. She could have waited to lose all the extra pounds, and make a smashing entry with a peer of her generation, dancing around in teenage gaiety. She has come a long way since then. Though she has worked on her body, she is just a spectator in the ‘ be-skinny’ marathon. That’s not her game. Meaty roles are. And she continues to butcher such jaded formulas with her sword of self- confidence. We met the power diva, who underlines a few more of such prejudices, with her stance and poise in the cover shoot with us.    To know more, grab a copy! or DOWNLOAD our APP: http://bit.ly/lofficielindia or SUBSCRIBE at:  http://tcg.media/subscribe.php The food space is dominated by men. We speak to five women, who are changing the face of this testosterone driven workplace. Unafraid of a challenge, they are firing up the flame! To know more about the women, read on!or DOWNLOAD our APP: http://bit.ly/lofficielindiaor SUBSCRIBE at:  http://tcg.media/subscribe.php Lisa Haydon loves cheese, chocolates and can't do without the Banoffee pie, as she flaunts an enviable 25 inch waist.  Behind the seemingly beautiful face, the oldest of eight kids, is a heart that beats for social causes, which is why the half Australian beauty, is planning a charitable institution of her own, just like her parents.  To know more, grab a copy! or DOWNLOAD our APP: http://bit.ly/lofficielindia or SUBSCRIBE at:  http://tcg.media/subscribe.php After making waves last winter, Dsquared2’s it-bag is back this summer with gusto. Perfect for a dose of fashionable high school nostalgia.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m     Acne Studios enters the world of it-bags with gusto.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m   This season, Elie Saab stopped over in Delhi before presenting his haute couture collection in Paris.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m     In a throwback to the ‘70s, these colourful suits stand out with their sharp cuts and flashy appeal. This androgynous trend takes us back to a free-spirited decade.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m     For the Missonis, business and family are closely entwined. We spoke to the Creative Director, Angela Missoni, and she opened up about her experiences, her magnificent journey, spearheading a spirit of patterned fashion.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m We capture the unfolding act of texture and form as a garment takes its final shape. In the medley of these enduringly beautiful images, designer Rajesh Pratap Singh, opens the doors of his Surajkund factory to show us the processes  behind the fabulosity of design.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m Do you see fashion, or do you feel fashion? Or perhaps touch it! Colours are inseparable from any trend; but what if one can’t see them? We go beyond the power of sight to drive a point home...that fashion is an experience that has to be felt, touched and encountered more than merely looked at. “The structure of the text thus purports to follow the perception of the eye, and, step by step, develops images into narration. This sense of becoming that is inscribed into the unfolding narrative exemplifies what classical rhetoric knew as enargeia, the capacity of language to create images, which turn the reader or listener into a viewer.” (Excerpts, from Claudia Olk’s book, Virginia Woolf and the Aesthetics of Vision) To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m     “I was figuring out what I wanted to do, but certainly kept getting to know what I didn’t want to do,” says Suket Dhir, winner of the 2016 International Woolmark Prize for menswear. While sitting at a cafe in Bengaluru, he spotted a guy wearing a Wrangler-designed T-shirt. That’s where the idea zoomed in! Today, the Suket Dhir label is a tour de force. We met the maverick, and took an interesting walk down memory lane with him...   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m       Viktor Horsting and Rolf Snoeren of the Amsterdam-based label Viktor & Rolf are self-professed art aficionados and au contraire to what regimented pedagogy dictates. They are firm believers in fashion being a lifestyle choice. What happens when life on the canvas drips past the triptych? The designers answer the question with their Fall 2015 couture line titled “Wearable Art”.    To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m   Head of the Fashion Department at the Royal College of Fine Arts in Antwerp, teacher, guide and confidant to fashion industry stalwarts like Raf Simons and Kris Van Assche of Dior and Demna Gvasalia of first Vetements, and then Balenciaga fame, Walter Van Beirendonck is the poster child for nonconformism. A member of ‘The Antwerp Six’ along with Dries Van Noten and Ann Demeulemeester, he is the visionary at the helm of revolutionising menswear in a typically Belgian way.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m   Time is a luxury in such forlorn times. While designers are building commerce and banking on marketing, Damir Doma describes, how slowing down doesn’t mean stagnation.   To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m Boisterous and brazen, outré and off-kilter, edgy and effervescent, flirty and flamboyant, a heartthrob and a bachelor. Riding the success of Bajirao Mastani , Ranveer Singh has achieved his Veni Vidi Vici moment in Bollywood. He calls Aditya Chopra his mentor and is working for his next production Befikre , thanks his grandmom for encouraging the performer in him and SRK for acknowledging his abundant talent. A day after he took home the coveted Filmfare for best actor, we caught up with him in a freewheeling chat and his silverscreen magnetism rolled on effortlessly.    To read the full story, download the L'Officiel app on your smartphones Android: https://goo.gl/tclxcP Apple: https://goo.gl/rnQm2m   PINING FOR PERFECTION The fresh-off-the-mill label headed by Medha Khosla is aptly named Anomaly for its digression from the path of over exaggeration, in favour of a subtler take on normcore. The brand is a mirror reflection of the designer’s personal views on fashion, of less being arguably more. The brand is focussed on keeping the production to a bare minimum to maintain exclusivity.    TECTONIC ‘SHIFT’  Designer Nimish Shah’s spring-summer’16 offering through his label Shift, is an attempt to control the excesses of fashion and to find a merger between technology and sustainability with a targeted focus on redefining the true meaning of a ‘care label’. His pastel-hued reverence for peasant-inspired silhouettes is a winning nod towards the adage—a bird in hand is worth two in the bush with fashion and sustainability both getting their fair share of the spotlight.   DIAPHANOUS DELPOZO The Spanish label Delpozo explores the timelines of modernist elements in Mexican architect Luis Barragán’s templates, and the borderline voyeuristic suggestions made in the works of contemporary Japanese artist Nobuyoshi Araki’s photography, with creative director Josep Font’s newly released pre-fall ad campaign. The balance of colour has been struck with the use of exaggerated silhouettes in an ode to Font’s love for a new ‘feminine’.   TAN AMBITIONS  Michael by Michael Kors offers a rather spirited take on the revival of its equestrian ethos in its latest slew of accessories, in a generous dollop of tans and chestnut browns. This saddle-shaped sling bag, in particular, keeps it high on the style quotient and deceptively low on maintenance; very avant-garde and typically Michael Kors!   The founder of Kukoon, Sneha Mehta, she fills her wardrobe with all things hot, classy and comfortable! But one thing is a must; they better be pretty and trendy.   'CAPE'TOWN Layers are my-kindof-a-thing, and a cape is my ultimate pick for warmth and versatility. An impeccable statement piece, a cape can be draped easily. SNAKE-N-SKULL An embossed snakeskin clutch is perfect for an evening, as it can uplift even a mundane attire. TORN TO BE WORN Be it skinny, boyfriend or cropped, ripped and distressed denims are stylish, street chic and comfy. CLASSIFIED BY CARTIER My Cartier watch is timeless, and never goes out of fashion. It is a classic timepiece, that complements any type of outfit. N˚5 FIVE IS NUMBER ONE! My all-time favourite. It is lady-like, makes me feel confident, and blends in with any mood and setting. LITTLE PINK DRESS Emporio Armani pink dress makes me feel fresh and young. This strappy beauty can save your day, when you need to look haute. What made you rope in Donatella Versace for your campaign, considering it is a competing fashion house? I love Donatella Versace. I respect her as a designer and human being. It’s easy to say, as when success comes, everybody’s your friend. But when I started, Donatella and Karl Lagerfeld were the only two people to send me flowers and welcome me into the fashion business and that, I’m going to remember forever. Donatella, she knows how much I love Gianni (Versace). She knows that he is a big inspiration in my life. And one day, she looked at me and she said, “You remind me so much of Gianni.” For a second, I think my heart stopped.   You are opening a new store at Madison Avenue as well as in Milan, Rome and London. What about India? Does it feature in your expansion plans? Why not ? You know, the defining moment in my career was when I returned after spending two months in India and did the first Riccardo Tisci collection in Milan. I remember it felt like a miracle had happened; like the beginning of something that would change my life.   You were the first to design for Kim, Kanye and Kendall... Kim Kardashian is a really good friend. Whatever people think about her, she is an amazing woman and a beautiful girl. She has always been supporting me. She is the girlfriend of a very good friend of mine. Kim, Kanye and Kendall are going to be a family that I will be very close to.   You dressed Lea T, a transgender model. What made you decide to do this? I support transgenders. Before, I was the different one. Then, at one point, suddenly, society thought that I had a voice in capitals, because I was a designer at Givenchy.  I got powerful and I had followers. I thought one day, “Why not use this influence in something intelligent and help people who have problems?” So, I started four years ago, with transgenders. I used to have an assistant called Leo. I helped him go through his journey. Now, she is a very beautiful girl; she underwent a sex change operation. And me, I used this transgender journey in my advertising campaign. And I had everybody against me because nobody ever had the courage to use a transsexual.   Tell us about your collaboration with performance artist Marina Abramović?  Marina Abramović and I, we are more than friends. She’s been my mother for eight years. I’m her adopted child. Marina is amazing. She is an incredible woman. Nearly 70, and she’s killing everybody. She’s beyond everything. Sexually, aesthetically, in terms of intelligence and sensibility, everything is amazing in Marina.   Mariacarla Boscono has been your muse and friend. Who are your other muses? Mariacarla (an Italian model) has a very special beauty: fragile and strong, intense and intelligent, extremely feminine yet with an androgynous attitude and a touch of aristocracy. She has a deep inner beauty that makes her stand out amongst everyone else; a beauty that a lot of women want to identify themselves with.   What is your vision for Givenchy?  I hope that Givenchy stays on the same path, as it has  for the last five years. I wish for a future with Givenchy growing as a business, full of new, interesting possibilities and projects, surrounded by amazing  creative people.   What is the one thing, that Givenchy introduced, which is till today loved by women all over the world? The Givenchy woman is strong and confident. She has a real personality. She knows what she wants. There are many similarities between the Hubert de Givenchy woman and my own vision. When I design, I keep in mind, the codes of the house: the strictness, the play between the masculine and feminine, the austere and the romantic. Maybe today’s Givenchy woman is a little bit more ‘urban’, a working girl with more independence.   What do you know about India?  One of my favourite places in the world is Pune.    It’s time to welcome 2016 with open arms and a new wardrobe. Cover up that midriff and focus on the torso as you get set for a fashionable soirée with Zac Posen’s sculpted off shoulder romper or Naeem Khan’s beautifully embroidered gown that make you crave for a light-hearted summer wedding. Arm-ed with shoulder power you can be the talk of town with an easy-breezy disposition. Add a bit of fabulousness by playing with peek-aboo cuts, bateau necklines, or what Michael Kors calls ‘earthy elegance’, as lady-like once again is the flavour of the season! Ladies, it’s time to start working on those biceps as Resort 2016 collections saw the shoulder being shown.     BY TRISHLA CHADHA     Vests are ideal for a transitional season. Rock it from work to a party as we exhibit you five ways on how to make it work. Fashion news from L'Officiel India Jan 2016 issue Adèle Exarchopoulos is known for her leading performance in Blue is the Warmest Colour, for which she was awarded the Palme d’Or, but this ‘ friend’ of Louis Vuitton is mesmerised by photographer Sebastião Salgado and Hollywood sweetheart Robert De Niro, as she admits being drawn to different genres of story-telling.   How did your collaboration with Louis Vuitton start? My collaboration with Vuitton started after my second Cannes Film Festival. I attended the first fashion show for Nicolas Ghesquière’s “Cruise Collection” for Louis Vuitton in Monaco.   Do you enjoy travel? Acting provides the opportunity to travel, and the fact that we don’t get to choose the location really enables us to discover countries that we wouldn’t necessarily choose to visit ourselves. It’s nourishing, and I take it as an opportunity. I love to travel, whether it’s on holiday or for a shoot.   What is it that you like about Nicolas Ghesquière’s work? I was already familiar with Nicolas’s work at Balenciaga, but I found myself even more drawn to his work, once he started working at Vuitton. I like the fact that Nicolas creates modern, intelligent heroines with a wild, poetic side!   What was it like doing a shoot with Juergen Teller in Palm Springs? Juergen Teller is a master in his field, and we bonded very quickly because we like to improvise in the same way. I love his work because it is an equal mix of eccentricity and modesty. He always works in a way that is both simple and amusing. When you do a photoshoot with Juergen, you can become another person; nothing is written in stone; nothing is imposed. It’s simply a matter of going along with him and laughing with him. His work is really special to me! Bollywood’s enchanting sylph Chitrangada Singh plays an eloquent muse for Rimple & Harpreet Narula’s line, soaked in ornate Indian motifs, reverberating with ingenious craft techniques.   How do you think Indian couture is slowly moving away from indulgence? We see a movement towards softer elegance and restraint, a certain decadence achieved through more tone-on-tone embroideries that take us back to our glorious past, where rich Jamevars metamorphosed into luxe prints. This fall-winter, it’s all about enjoying the delicate nuances that Indian couture has to offer.    Surface embellishments and embroideries are now minimal.How do you think Indian dressing will sustain this change? The Indian fashion industry as a whole is more aware of the state of the artisans in our country and there is a collective feeling ofresponsibility about their upliftment, in the design fraternity. Better work conditions and higher wages are the need of the hour, so as to save our dying crafts. These artisans have been handed over immense knowledge for generations, and we as designers need to support them and ensure that they keep the fine tradition of Indian textiles alive. Since most of the finery in the world is created here in India, we have to make sure that child labour, along with other unethical activities, end. We want that artisans enjoy a life of dignity and we as designers can offer the global consumer the wealth of Indian crafts. It is great to see young designers take up the cause and work for the betterment of our artisans. There is a lot of interesting work being done, mixing traditional textiles with modern techniques in order to give the consumer something new and exciting.   How do you think your designs are reviving the state of Indian craftsmanship? We love collecting old textiles and embroidery samples, and these have always been a source of inspiration for us, and we consider ourselves more of fashion revivalists. It has always been our endeavour to incorporate these in our collections and reinterpret them in a modern way for our consumer. This season, we took antique Jamevar shawls, digitally scanned them and turned them into prints that were showcased in our couture show.   Photographs by ARJUN MARK Compiled by PRIYANKA BANERJEE & DRISHTI VIJ Coordinated by SARAH ISHTIYAQUE Bloggers Shereen Sikka and Kayaan Contractor, of Love and Other Bugs channel the Baudelaire children from Lemony Snicket’s A Series of Unfortunate Events, in this photo essay bidding farewell to the year’s most foreboding yet magically endowed season—winter. This January ushers in a year of endless possibilities, with a colour spectrum repurposing the perpetual look of longing with a side of sinister plastered on the kids’ countenances. Au revoir, 2015!   Photographs by VAISHNAV PRAVEEN OF THE HOUSE OF PIXELS Styling and concept by LOVE AND OTHER BUGS Nimrat Kaur's, stride for life has traversed through several spirals, yet she remains a talent to reckon with due to her offbeat choices that have won critical acclaim globally starting from her role in The Lunchbox, to American-television series Homeland. The quintessential outsider is now set for her new release Airlift with Akshay Kumar. By DRISHTI VIJ  Photographs by ROHAN SHRESTHA Styling by AAKANKSHA JAIN   Nimrat Kaur’s infectious laughter is palpable even across a phone call. Her promptitude paints the same picture that Anne from Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery did back in my childhood. “It’s been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will”...it’s like Nimrat has lived by these words by Anne. Whether it was changing the course of her career back when she was in Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), New Delhi, or while playing the devious ISI agent Tasneem Qureshi in the American television series Homeland, Nimrat has taken the road less travelled.   AN INTERLUDE The unostentatious approach to life that a lonely housewife had in The Lunchbox, the contagious charm of a naughty lover in the Cadbury advertisement or the sheer fortitude in dealing with an ex that she portrayed in the Titan commercial,Nimrat selects roles which are not the Nimrat is not the misanthropic probe we love to hate or the dweeb who knows the answers to everything. She’s like that kid in the class, who manages a fitting score and an easy camaraderie with almost everyone as she speaks highly of those who went by their inner calling, such as Jaya Bachchan, Smita Patil, Deepika Padukone in Piku or Finding Fanny, and Kangana Ranaut in Queen. In a male-dominated industry,Nimrat says that back in the ’70s or even in Satyajit Ray’s films, where there was progressiveness in their (female protagonists') lives and thinking, they were not necessarily educated urban women, “but they were unconventionally written characters displaying strength.” “And then there was a different kind of wave, where women were more of a fantasy; such as Silk Smitha or Vidya Balan in Dedh Ishqiya or Dirty Picture, which was a trendsetter in not conforming to a certain body type, but celebrating who you innately are,” she adds. She quotes an example of the character she played in the epistolary The Lunchbox by saying, “Even in this film, there was a quiet sense of non-conformism that ‘Ila’ was written with, which gives a different perspective to the life of someone, who is financially not independent, yet eventually ends up doing what she wants to. Every once in a while, there is a film that defies the set notions of right and wrong.” Who is this kind of a woman? “She is married but moves away from everything to build a career for herself,” she muses as she remembers Waheeda Rahman’s role in Guide that broke stereotypes back in the ’60s. She looks up to women like Marion Cotillard, who created a stir with La Vie en Rose and believes that these are examples to live by. “We saw her as an old woman, but she was unafraid to look unattractive and totally transformed herself for the role,” she adds. Nimrat is not the misanthropic probe we love to hate or the dweeb who knows the answers to everything. She’s like that kid in the class, who manages a fitting score and an easy camaraderie with almost everyone as she speaks highly of those who went by their inner calling, such as Jaya Bachchan, Smita Patil, Deepika Padukone in Piku or Finding Fanny, and Kangana Ranaut in Queen.   BREAKING OUT Nimrat Kaur is an exception to the rule when it comes to the Hindi film industry. Her humble background never stopped her from dreaming in her early 20s. “I come from a services background. My father was in the Army. All my uncles are engineers and most of my family is academically inclined. I’m the only working artist and it was one of those things where there was a desire from within. I had to take that leap of faith,” says the 33-year-old. Kaur isn’t one to ever feel discouraged by a system that has its own way of functioning. “Whether it’s politics, bureaucracy or even the Army, it’s a lot easier if your father is part of it. You learn the ropes faster. You’ve grown up with a distinct language and you know what you’re dealing with. It’s always easier to follow in their footsteps,” she adds. Like a soliloquy, Nimrat’s prolonged endeavours have brought her ashore. But for those of us who become snarky at the end of a toiled Metro journey or a bad day at work, Nimrat declares that it’s not easy for anybody. “It’s not like it’s a cake walk for star kids as we call them, for the lack of a better word. It’s tough for everyone to prove their mettle.  At the end of the day you must strike a chord with the audience. The audience will not watch a film repeatedly because you’re someone’s son or daughter,” she admits. She further spells out the simple rules of life that we may find hard to accept, but will confess that it’s a lot easier to break into the scene if you’re born in a film family. “Of course, it is! You’ve grown up with them. It’s easier to get a job. It’s as simple as that. Though I don’t really like it when people are harassed for being able to get a toehold. Everyone has his or her own cross to bear.”   QUANTUM LEAP It’s not every day that a coloured actor gets a lucrative opportunity in the West or vice-versa. Nimrat is one of the few, who is defining cultural diaspora while spelling out the rules of diversity in performing arts. “It was excruciating but creatively it was one of the most satisfying experiences for me, working with Mandy Patinkin, Rupert Friend and Claire Danes. They were all incredibly wonderful people. They are not just talented but also generous, loving and supportive. All the directors on the set were democratic and I enjoyed working in that space. You could freely talk about things not working and those which must be changed. It was incredible and one of my most cherished experiences,” she adds, referring to her shooting for Homeland. Nimrat has joined the brigade of Hollywood veterans, like Om Puri, Irrfan Khan and Priyanka Chopra, and she can only display awe for such exemplary motivators. “More and more of us join the path he (Irrfan Khan) has carved. He has been doing this since he starred in The Warrior, in 2001. And if there is an actor to reckon with in that sense, I feel so empowered by the choices that Irrfan has made. I applaud Priyanka for her courage and the risk that she has taken, coming out of her comfort zone and giving something else a try. It takes a lot of courage as the stakes are so high when you’re at such an important juncture of your life. For someone like me, I’m just starting out. I can take a risk and get away with it. I don’t have so much money riding on me,” she confesses. While on the home front, we’ve always seen Nimrat as Miss Goody-Two-Shoes, Tasneem Qureshi (her character) in Homeland, who is an ISI agent working closely with the Taliban is hardly any of that. “It was exciting to play someone evil and it is kind of addictive to be able to take such ruthless, immoral calls because you would never find yourself doing it in real life. It is fun to be the bad guy,” she adds. Nimrat has taken each experience just as it is, as she thinks her reference points aren’t many. Her soon to be released film Airlift (a dramatic human story based during the Gulf War, in 1990, which results in the biggest human evacuation that took place) opposite Akshay Kumar has left her a bit starry-eyed. “I have a lot of moments when I’m just like ‘Oh my god! I’m actually working with Akshay’. I’ve grown up watching him,” she says. “We’re left with some 30 percent of the film. We’re yet to shoot a very important part of the film, the climax,” she reveals.    We shortlist some of the most stunning couture pieces from the fall-winter 2015-16 collections, specially designed to showcase exemplary savoir-faire and to dazzle on the runway.  Photographs by LAURACOULSON Styling by NIKI PAULS    The small-town antithesis. Wary social media buff. Follower of new beauty ideals and five feet 11 inches of incredible charm. Meet Bhumika Arora, the girl from Karnal, who is rewriting the rules of diversity on international runways, walking for design powerhouses like McCartney and Balmain. Photographs by ONIN LORENTE Styling by GUILLAUME BOULEZ OF MICHELE FILOMENO AGENCY  When I think of the leggy, bushy-browed girl from Karnal, Haryana, who has braved uncharted waters with her heart on her sleeve, an excerpt from Christina Rossetti’s poem Up-hill (Does the road wind up-hill all the way?) comes to mind, where the poet illustrates the woes of a tough journey. Bhumika Arora has withstood the test of time, and at 27, emerged on international fashion runways, like she’s always belonged there. Ms. Arora does not subscribe to the reductionist theory that comes with the label of her small town upbringing in the city of Karnal. She represents a kind of pièce de résistance that does not disturb, but augments the idea of ordinary. Her meteoric climb to being a face to reckon with on the international runways allows her to savour the headiness of her current position without succumbing to the stress that comes with the job. ''Right now, I am just living shows in New York, Milan, Paris and London Fashion Weeks, including some of the biggest industry names like Alexander Wang and Marc Jacobs in New York, Gareth Pugh in London, and Balmain, Bottega Veneta, Fendi and Salvatore Ferragamo in Milan. Her ambitions are larger-than-life in an unsettlingly refreshing way. She is a pioneer of sorts for the millennials in India, trying to carve a niche for themselves. She inspires them when she says, "When I decided to follow my dream, and worked towards it, rather than following the majority, I realised that if you aim for something you really love, you simply give more than 100 per cent."  Bhumika at home-in her cascading black locks, arresting mugshot-esque selfies, burning brown pools for eyes and jeans-clad legs. Her cache has been this quality that is dreamy and authoritative all at once. Her views on the shift of gender binaries to a more unisex approach in fashion are congruent with her personal style in ways that are gender-neutral in essence. "I think, it's completely okay to have such freedom," she claims, adding, "Beauty and style are diverse ideas." She defines herself as ‘effortlessly stylish and classy’ but prefers comfort over all else. She talks about the increasing attention on the subject of cultural appropriation over new-age media carefully. "Everybody should respect each other's cultural values, and how they want it to be presented," she asserts with humbling simplicity. "After all, it's someone's identity and cultural heritage, and “After all, it's someone's identity and cultural heritage, and things should be handled respectfully.” velvet of her fall-winter ’15 Alexander Wang dress was a testament to victory, wherein the industry bore witness to a model of Indian descent representing more character with each step than can be said of the myriad models who walk numerous runways each season. This is probably why Bhumika has become an industry darling, with her modelling agency which handles the best models, planning her moves strategically for even greater heights. "In India, especially in small towns, I doubt if people think highly of modelling or fashion," she says. "Most don’t even consider it a decent profession." Despite this, her earliest response to fashion was one of wide-eyed adulation, which led her to leave Karnal, to pursue a degree in business studies, in Chandigarh. And, after a stint with a local publication, she moved to New Delhi to try her hand at changing the rules of acceptance. Her Instagram account gives you a rare glimpse of things should be handled respectfully," she concludes. Encountering racism in a line of work with a meagre percentage of people of colour is a story that we’re familiar with. Bhumika though has fortunately not experienced racism of any kind, and views it as a matter of personal preference, and that competition by virtue of its nature can and will not make you likeable to all. And her overall experiences internationally have been nothing short of pleasant.  Unlike a majority of us, who consider social media love and enjoy what they do, even if some compromises have to be made." On the subject of digitally retouched images dictating a language of visual persuasion for the masses that is reflective of synthetic beauties as opposed to an organic one, she says, "I think it is a choice of the people and also a current 'demand' from society. Bollywood is actually the biggest example of everything larger-than-life and far from reality. Maybe perceptions idealising the fantasy will change, but it will take time." Bhumika has acquired the status of being a trendsetter of sorts for diversifying the stereotypical notion of beauty. The fashion industry is a sacred territory for her. "It's pretty awesome as it is," she says. She does not want to see any changes in a workplace that has given her the cult status of being a beacon of diversity. It’s a fairly understandable stance. Not every day does a rather unforgiving industry hand you a glass slipper, or in this case a coveted Balmain stiletto, for keeps, does it?    Structured silhouettes are perfect examples of contemporary fashion. Well-conceptualised and strikingly brutal, this trend showcases clothes in new materials, well-researched asymmetry and radical cuts. Photographs by MARCELO KRASILCIC Styling AVENA GALLAGHER    Chosen by Louis Vuitton to present its Cruise collection, this modernist oasis in the middle of the Californian desert is an ideal place to discover the fabulous faces of the modelling world.  Mae Lapres FROM MARILYN AGENCY SINO-CANADIAN,23 YEARS, BORN AND RAISED IN PARIS, SHE SPEAKS CHINESE, ENGLISH AND FRENCH, AND CURRENTLY LIVES IN NEW YORK. Is this your first time in Palm Springs? “Yes.”What are your impressions?“I was mesmerised by the landscapes and architecture. I even loved the cars that I spotted on the freeways. There are no trees nor are there any waterfalls, but this place is like paradise!”What did you like in particular?“The beauty of this unconventional city.”  Erika Linder FROM NEXT AGENCY SWEDISH, 25 YEARS, SHE LIVES IN LOS ANGELES. SHE LOVES THE CITY AND WANTS TO BECOME AN ACTRESS. Is this your first time in Palm Springs? “No, I live quite close.” What are your impressions?“I feel a bit claustrophobic in Palm Springs, but it’s always nice to spend a weekend here.” What did you like in particular?“It was nice to catch up with so many girls that I know.”  Varya Shutova FROM MUSE AGENCY, BORN IN KAZAKHSTAN, 25 YEARS. LIVES WITH HER FAMILY, SHE HAS BEEN RESIDING IN NEW YORK FOR THE PAST FEW MONTHS. Is this your first time in Palm Springs? “Yes.”What are your impressions?“It is a perfect place to meditate. The last five days have been super relaxing.”What did you like in particular?“I loved being with the other models. We were 50 of us. It like a school exchange programme.”  Fernanda Ly FROM VIVA AGENCY 19 YEARS, AUSTRALIAN OF VIETNAMESE ORIGIN, CURRENTLY BASED IN NEW YORK. Is this your first time in Palm Springs? “Yes.”What are your impressions?“It is relaxed, though I have come here to work.” What did you like in particular? “The fact that all of us are together in the same hotel!” L Mica Arganaraz FROM VIVA AGENCY ARGENTINIAN, 22 YEARS, HAS BEEN LIVING IN LE MARAIS, PARIS FOR THE PAST TWO MONTHS. Is this your first time in Palm Springs?“Yes.”What are your impressions? “It is quite a strange place. I don’t see myself ever living here!”What did you like in particular? “The mountains and the nature that surround the city.” ily St ewart FROM FREEDOM AGENCY THE YOUNGEST OF THE LOT, 17 YEARS, LIVES WITH HER PARENTS IN TOPANGA CANYON, IN THE LOS ANGELES REGION. SHE HAS JUST FINISHED HIGH SCHOOL. Is this your first time in Palm Springs?“No, my grandparents used to live here.” What are your impressions?“It is a lovely place to get rid of your stress.” What did you like in particular?“I loved being around all the girls. The show was so beautiful.”   