 ajio top // zara shorts // puma bag + shoes // ray-ban sunglasses // daniel wellington watch Photos by Sheila Vaz at SaffronStays Beyond It feels like forever since I just shared a good old OOTD here on the blog. Do people even read blogs anymore? Digital media is bigger than ever, but seems to be dominated by a few social platforms. I’m currently tying to use instagram less, so it feels natural to share this here. Politically & socially; we’re living through some pretty terrible times right now. And I’m not going to lie, things feel bleak. In times like this, I used to think that talking about beauty & fashion was frivolous, but right now it feels like self care. These photos were taken back in Jan on a quick little getaway to Alibag, which is just a few hours away from Mumbai. We stayed at the perfect villa, worked, relaxed, ate amazing home cooked food + played with some doggos. It was pretty blissful, & just thinking about it is bringing me some inner peace. Oh & there was sun! I’m really missing the sun right about now. x If you’d like to see more of the trip, check out this vlog.  Many collectors want to invest in authentic jewelry. It’s a good investment and the jewelry looks stunning when worn. Shoppers need to be careful and avoid unscrupulous dealers. Here are a few tips on learning real from fake. Many jewelry lovers find one trusted dealer and stick with the company. The best jewelry dealers win you over with your first order. The dealer may offer the customer tips on determining whether a piece is authentic. They also know where to find collectible jewelry. It’s common for authentic jewelry to have distinguishable hallmarks. For example, sterling silver is engraved with 925, 800 or sterling silver. Markings are found on the clasp of a necklace or inside a ring. Further, you may be able to find a mark on a bracelet clasp or an earring post. Real gold is often engraved with a mark that tells how much gold is in the piece. Look for 10k, 14k or 18k. Known platinum hallmarks include PLAT, PLATINUM or 950. Sometimes, you’ll find an authentic piece engraved with the name of a recognized maker. Authentic jewelry is heavier than the fake versions. Brass and pewter are often used to imitate gold and silver. These metals are light in comparison to real gold and silver. Further, imitation pieces often feel hollow inside. Likewise, the color of the piece changes. This does not happen with authentic jewelry. There are several ways to determine if a diamond is authentic. The density test requires a glass of water. Fill the glass ¾ full and drop a loose diamond in it. A real diamond sinks to the bottom of the glass. Floaters are probably faked.  It’s probably better to have a diamond tested by professionals. A jeweler looks at a diamond through a loupe. The loupe is a magnifying glass made to use with diamonds.  Fakes look perfect but genuine diamonds have flaws called inclusions. Many jewelers use a diamond tester or a thermal conductivity probe. Diamonds are heat conductors and fake stones are not. Therefore, a diamond gives off the heat quickly after being warmed by the probe. It’s difficult to tell the difference between lab-created diamonds and natural diamonds. They have almost the same chemical makeup. An expert needs to examine the diamond to determine whether it’s natural. Lab-created diamonds aren’t worth nearly as much as natural stones. Synthetic moissanite is the most difficult stone to distinguish from a real diamond. In fact, synthetic moissanite is a heat conductor so the thermal test doesn’t work. A jeweler must look at the stone to investigate. White topaz looks a lot like diamonds but there are physical differences. White topaz has a soft exterior while diamonds are very hard. Sapphires are almost as hard as diamonds so the stone may be fake if it’s scratched. Genuine sapphires are so blue they almost look black. Collectors shouldn’t be able to see any other color in a sapphire. Further, authentic sapphires never look shiny. Color may be able to help a collector spot a fake emerald. Colombian emeralds are the most desirable stones. Emerald lovers know that Colombian stones have tinges of yellow or blue mixed with green. Emeralds that are a deep green color are likely fakes. Shoppers prefer authentic jewelry and gemstones. However, it can be difficult to spot a fake. Lab-created stones look so much like the real thing. It’s always best to have jewelry appraised by an expert before buying it. When it comes to stylish ethnic wear, Kalki Fashion is one brand whose collections I always look forward to. They always seem to effortlessly blend traditional design with contemporary elements, grandeur with wearability. And they’ve done it once again, with the newly launched Zinnia Collection. KALKI Fashion’s Spring Summer 19 Collection. ‘ZINNIA’ evokes modern romanticism with summer fog blues, mighty mauves, the lime greens, the spicy mustards, the fuchsia pinks and the fiery reds. The collection was showcased at Bombay Times Fashion Week 2019 at St. Regis, Mumbai. For SS19, the brand took inspiration from multifarious Zinnia. Just as the flower is well known for the variety of bright hues it comes in, the collection showcased rage of appearances in array of multi-colors and hues to create a sense of a romantic summer dream. The Zinnia Bride is the antithesis of a bridezilla. She’s chill, laidback, stylish& confident. She makes heads turns wherever she goes & knows how to have fun! The Glam Queen Malaika Arora was the perfect showstopper for the collection. She walked the ramp in a fiery red designer gown. Saurabh Gupta, Director of KALKI revealed that, “Since the collection is about modern romance where elegance meets glamour, Malaika was the perfect muse for the collection. KALKI custom designed Malaika’s gown over an extensive 8-week period with intricately hand embroidered flowers to create a timeless masterpiece. The final outcome was nothing less than perfection as Malaika carried the style with utmost confidence and modern attitude”. She paired the gown with nude lips, eyeliner, curled lashes & strong brows. Some of the more distinctive features that I noticed were the cut-work diamond embellishments, summer sequins, multi-color and monotone floral hand embroidery. The textiles used varied from rich silks to breezy sheers & gave the collection a unique flow and feels which keeps it light and easy to dance to. I love the bright colours of the Zinnia collection as well as the different type of garments. The gowns are my favorite but I’m also partial to the exquisitely crafted jumpsuits. Have you checked out the Zinnia collection? What hue do you think is most suited for Summer Weddings? If you dream of one day walking the runway, booking tickets and sitting front row at a fashion show is the first step to learning how to become a model. I feel like it’s been forever since I checked in with you all. Sure, there have been posts… but we haven’t just chatted in a while. 2019 has been exciting so far – I’ve been on a few trips! Saw a new country. Created a bunch of videos that I’m quite proud of (one of them went sorta viral recently!) Oh & I turned 27. That was a big one, or at least it felt big? Every birthday after 25 feels big, I guess. But I spent it in Goa with family & cake, so that was nice. A quick little two paragraph update on the last few months. I’ll be spending the rest of April playing catch up. And now, back to the noodles. There’s something you may or may not know about me – I love noodles; I’m bordering obsessive about them. I take cheesy photos eating noodles, I follow the #noodleworship hashtag on instagram & no matter where in the world we are, if there are noodles on the menu, I will try them. A couple of weeks ago, we were invited to Hello Guppy in Mumbai to for the noodle fest. I’d been there once before, but we only tried the sushi & edamame. Needless to say, I was excited. Can I take a second to talk about the décor? An authentic Japanese restaurant brings to mind a certain kind of aesthetic. But Hello Guppy is less minimal & staid, more playful kawaii speakeasy! We started off with a cocktail, sake of course. The Nippon Cooler is perfect for summer day drinking. i’m wearing –oval sunglasses // cherry earrings // velvet top // mom shorts // wrist watch // suede platform sneakers For lunch – I knew I wanted ramen. It can be a hearty meal, so we skipped starters (a wise decision imo). I got the miso chashu ramen with pork, mom got dry ramen with chicken (all of the trappings that come in a ramen bowl, minus broth). We also got some udon noodles. They were good noodles. Now I’m not going to pretend to be some kind of expert, my experience with Japanese cuisine is still limited. But the portion was hearty, the broth was creamy & the pork + eggs were both the perfect texture. I vlogged that day too, if you’d like to see video of that perfect bowl. The Hello Guppy Noodle Fest is on till the end of April. If you can’t make it this month, most of the dishes are on the permanent menu, but if you’re a true noodle aficionado, you won’t want to miss the special dishes that are available for a limited time only. Dresses can be a lot of fun to wear. They come in a seemingly endless variety of styles and colors. But choosing the right dress for you is not always easy. To successfully choose the right dress, you should understand the benefits of certain styles and their effects, such as how they fit to your form. Mastering the art of fashion is not only a brilliant way to feel confident, but it can be a step towards a lavish modelling career. A modelling portfolio is the perfect space to share your creativity and unique sense of style. Here are some fun dress styles to add to your wardrobe. Together, they can ensure you have a dress for any occasion. When you select a dress, it needs to compliment ,your body shape. Common body shapes include apple, pear and hourglass. Some dresses only look good on certain body types, but that is not the case with a shift dress. This dress design, which reached a popularity peak in the 1960s but is still fashionable today, suits any body type. That is due to its box-like shape. It is typically sleeveless and often short. You can accent it with boots or a jacket to create a variety of looks. Shift dresses also come in many patterns and colors. A pencil dress is named for its form-fitting shape. It is somewhat tapered at the waist. This simple dress design is ideal for dates and parties. You can purchase pencil dresses with differing necklines as well. For example, a turtleneck pencil dress is ideal for staying warm on winter outings. A V-neck pencil dress is more likely to turn heads at a party.  An A-line dress is so named due to being shaped somewhat like the letter “A.” The design best fits a pear-shaped form. It accents the shoulders and waist. The bottom of the dress adds some flair and freedom of movement. A-line wedding dresses are quite popular, but there are also plenty of A-line dresses available for daily wear. A denim dress is a dress made from denim, which is the material used to make jeans. Denim dresses come in several lengths and styles. Mini and slip denim dresses are popular part wear. A-line and other types of denim dresses are also available. Denim dresses are comfortable and versatile because you can easily change your over all appearance in a denim dress by altering the accents you use. For example, changing your purse or jewelry can give the dress a whole new appearance. A sheath dress is an ideal choice when you have an hourglass figure. It is form-fitting, meaning it will hug and accentuate your curves. It has no visible seams and typically hangs to approximately knee level. A sheath dress can help you achieve a formal look for business purposes. It often comes in solid colors, which are easily accented with shoes and other accessories. Patterned prints are also available. The empire waist dress has been around for a few centuries. It is characterized by a defined area where material is gathered directly under the bust, creating a distinct separation between the bust and lower portions of the dress. The result is wearing the dress can make you look like you have legs that are quite long. That effect is ideal if you are on the shorter side and want to give the appearance of being taller than you are. If you spend a lot of time attending formal parties, you need a dependable ballgown that will help you make an entrance. The mermaid silhouette dress is just such a gown. The dress is form-fitting down to the waist. Then it suddenly flares at the bottom to create a majestic look reminiscent of the flaring out of a mermaid tail. Mermaid silhouette dresses come in several styles. Choose the waist type most appropriate for your body shape to bring out the areas you wish to accent. It is from art history and ancient Greek mythology that we know Athena to be a goddess, seldom seen without her helmet and magnificent spear. Associated with wisdom, warfare and handicraft – it’s fitting that olive trees, owls and snakes came to be regarded as her symbols. Drawing inspiration from this personification, the Athena collection by Kalki Fashion that made its debut at the Bombay Times Fashion Week 2018 held at the St. Regis hotel (Mumbai) in October – exhibited a line of bridal lehengas and gowns that paid ode to Mediterranean accents andinfluences. Headlining the show was actress Disha Patani – who with her beautiful smile and lithe form, seemed a natural choice for someone to represent Athena. Disha wore a raw silk lehenga in a shade of pink on which various embroidery techniques were used including aari, resham and zardosi work. The use of fabrics in oceanic hues and summery pastels was intentional, and Kalki Fashion built that further through the work they put in – appliqué and intricate embroidery on the clothes. What you see is a collection of bridal lehengas and gowns whose silhouettes and styles are not unlike those of a Grecian goddess. The deep V-necks, and flowy outfits – some with shoulder capes are especially telling of how Kalki Fashion interpreted Athena in modern-day India. Modelling for bridal wear has to be one of the best modelling jobs out there. Combining two very different and distinguishable cultural influences can be hard, to say the least.The Athena collection ot only focuses on Mediterranean motifs but also, on those that are seemingly Moroccan – observe the mirror-work, use of beaten metallic threads and floral embroidery. The fusion of Greek and Moroccan influences added a patina of grace and opulence to the collection’s vibe. A vibe very much like that of the modern Indian bride! The collection is a mix of low-cut blouses and gowns, full-skirts and subtle thigh slits – it’s the sequins and shimmery fabric that make the outfits a shoo-in when shopping for wedding wear (irrespective of whether you’re the bride, or friend). What we really like about this collection is that there are a couple of styles to choose from and none of them are especially conventional or traditional. Even the bridal lehengas were reimagined to look more Grecian and regal in appeal with soft, shoulder capes and gossamer trains. As everyone tends to have favourites (possibly those that are clear winners only in their minds), we have to say that, this time around, we favour the exquisitely crafted gowns in this collection: They’re modern yet goddess-like – from the off-shoulder styles to the sweeping drapes and use of net-likefabrics done up with ethereal embroidery, and finally – choice of colour (a palette of champagne gold and frosty blue). We do think the Athena gowns will be an unusual yet coveted pick, this bridal season. A perfect evening spent at the beach. H&M dress + bag // SheIn earrings Photos by Sheila Vaz at Cavelossim beach.  A few weeks ago, we were in Goa – it was a rather indoorsy, relaxed vacay but of course we did a few walks to the beach. These photos were snapped on our last little walk in September. It was still quiet & lovely, but there were also labourers working hard to build beach shacks; the surest sign of Goa’s peak season. The weather was perfect – it was golden hour, that time before sunset where everything’s bathed in that magical, warm light. I was sad about not having beer, but at least I had mom, & a lovely book for company. We looked for a calm spot & found this place by the lifeguard station, where we met some some tourist kids – sisters who were having the time of their lives, playing with the stray dogs in the area. It was truly wonderful to see how caring & careful they were with them – each one of those six-odd dogs had names, & followed them around everywhere! I took a couple of dips in the surf & we left – just in time to catch the poder (baker) making his evening rounds. It was a perfect evening, & I want to remember these little details for as long as I live. x A casual tropical look from Goa. Splash Fashion dress // SheIn earrings // SheIn iridescent fanny pack // Casio retro watch // Nike Roche Flyknit sneakers Photos by Sheila Vaz at Karma Royal Haathi Mahal I’ve been making a conscious effort to get a more streamlined wardrobe. I congratulate myself everytime I get a nice solid coloured basic because it feels mature & grown up. But the feeling doesn’t last… Prints will always have my heart – the brighter the better! I’ll almost always pick pop colours over solid basics, & that’s ok. Because with personal style, you really don’t have to choose. You can be one person on Monday & a different person on Tuesday. So this is how I dressed, one super chill vacation day last month. I’m back in Bombay now but there’s a lot from Goa to show you, still. x  Polago Clothing blouse // Zara mom jeans & basket bag // SheIn cateye sunglasses // Accessorize bamboo gold hoops // vintage gold necklace & pendant // Daniel Wellington classic petite ashfield watch // Vero Moda oxford shoes Photos by Sheila Vaz Fashion is cyclical – how many times have you heard that by now? And here I am talking about it again because it’s a good lesson to internalise. Everything that’s cool today, may not be as cool tomorrow but it’ll sure as hell come back sooner or later. I’ve always been someone who considers my style to be somewhat classic & unmoved by whatever’s in vogue at that given moment. But you know what? This look is all about what’s trendy right now. I received the sunglasses & top as part of this month’s Mauvelush box, so I sort of built this look on the whole retro theme, with items I already had in my wardrobe. I’ve always adored extreme cateye sunglasses, so seeing them all over my favorite fashion websites & instagram has me very excited. This very 70’s polka dotted wrap top makes me feel sexy as hell (v-necks & wrap designs in dresses & tops tend to have that effect, even if you belong to the #ittybittytittycommittee). Mom jeans have been one of my favorite silhouette for years now, & I was excited to see Zara carrying them this season. The hoops are from Accessorize (I had forgotten about them but they’re carrying some gorgeous jewellery right now) & the necklace is all real gold, both of them are ‘heritage’ pieces that have been in the family for generations (gold jewellery collection video coming soon!) Some days I feel like I take my personal style way too seriously for my own good. While building a classic wardrobe is nice, there’s nothing wrong with indulging in trends once in a while. In the end, all I’m doing is playing dress up – might as well have fun with it! x    AJIO tshirt // Zara shorts // Hunter tall gloss wellington boots // Daniel Wellington Dapper Sheffield watch // Good After Nine cat ring // ONLY clutch Lakmé Matte Melt Liquid Lipstick – Mild Mauve  | Maybelline Superstay Nail Polish – Rose Poudre  Photos by Sheila Vaz I bought these hunter rain boots back in 2012 & since then, an outfit post styling them every monsoon has become something of an annual tradition (see posts from 2012, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017; still sad about skipping 2014!) It’s been a fun exercise to see my style evolve through just these monsoon posts – I started out styling these with just jeans, because I pretty much lived in jeans then (& also felt like my legs were too skinny for boots to be honest). As my body changed, I found it easier to experiment with dresses & shorts more often. I do wish that I was more confident in the start. I do also wish, by extension that we didn’t live in a world that demonise both skinny or plus sized people. I try to do my bit but sometimes the effort just feels a bit hopeless? People tend to cling to their biases tightly, so I guess all we can do is work on ourselves. Now back to those boots – I’m still so pleased with them, although I feel a little sad now because they don’t get as much wear from me as they used to. Hunter boots may be expensive, but they’re made to be worn & they were far more practical during college, or when I took public transport more. Nowadays, I don’t really venture out just for fun in the monsoons, I can also afford the luxury of cabs, which makes these more ornamental. Nevertheless I’ve thrown so much money at ridiculously impractical thing over the years, like fancy branded bags that don’t really outlast the year I buy them (I’m looking at you, Fossil) so this was a good buy. Mumbai’s weather’s getting to it slowly, but I think it has another couple of years in it. Oh and by the way, how many cats do you count in this look? I’m pretty sure that my extensive cat themed wardrobe has become one of my signatures. I even did a fashion haul video that was so full of cats. I love the tshirt from this look – even though it’s an absurd premise. As anyone who has cats could tell you, cats & large plants do not get along, much less a cactus! Take it from me, I have three. I had to give up on that plant lady dream a while ago.  It’s mid-August now, officially that time of the year when I’m utterly sick & tired of rains, I can’t even muster up any fake enthusiasm. Wherever in the world you are today, I just hope you’re warm & safe. x A classic black & gold look featuring my new hair!        Topshop dress // Ray-Ban oval flat sunglasses // Daniel Wellington classic petite ashfield watch // Viola cherry pendant // Rosato bracelet // Zara basket bag //  Vero Moda oxford shoes Photos by Sheila Vaz If there’s one thing that exploring the world of fashion & beauty has taught me, it’s never say never. It’s been almost eight years since I posted my first look here on this blog & so much has changed since then (not just my dress size!) For example, if you asked me back then to name two trends I would never sport, I’d tell you I hated gold tone jewellery & animal prints & now here I am, wearing both those things in the same look & loving them. I just got my hair done in a red balayage (& vlogged the whole thing, of course) & I really wanted to wear something monochromatic so the red really pops. It’s also my first time wearing the Ray-Ban oval sunglasses, & I really like how they look. They’re very similar to the Ray-ban round shape that I like, but slightly slimmer – so this is my take on the current skinny sunglasses style that’s really in right now, although I see myself wearing these for years to come. And finally, let’s talk jewellery. I’m actually wearing all real gold in this look. When I want to try out a new trend, I usually have to shop for things that fit the trend, but when I wanted to wear gold, all I had to do is ask mom – she was very happy & proud that her daughter’s finally wearing gold, I think she saw it as some kind of coming of age thing. I’ve had the Rosato bracelet for around ten years now (pretty sure I threw a tantrum for it) & the rings are ‘borrowed’ from her. Yeah let’s go with borrowed (she’s not getting them back, sshhhh….) x Vignettes from my Birthday.     AJIO dress // Zara wooden minaudiere // Daniel Wellington classic petite ashfield wrist watch // BCBGeneration sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz in Coonoor Exactly one month & ten days ago, I turned 26! Summers in Mumbai are no fun, so since 25th birthday in Bangkok last year, I decided that I would bring in every birthday at a new destination. This year’s destination wasn’t really new – we’ve stayed at Coonoor once, three years ago & I’ve also visited on two other occasions. It’s a charming hill station in the Nilgiri region of Tamil Nadu, kind of a hidden gem – the ‘town’ area is really populous, but the region around Sim’s Park is lovely & quaint. I found an amazing little homestay on airbnb, a room in a century old colonial era bungalow. We had arrived the previous day from Ooty. I actually sat & filmed a chatty video in the late morning & it ran a lot longer than expected. After I was finally done, we started out for lunch, but not before seeing a gorgeous ginger cat sitting in front of a little bush of flowers; he was very loving & receptive to pets & scritches – I truly believe meeting him was my birthday gift from the universe. As luck would have it, we didn’t manage to get a rickshaw to take us to lunch & ended up having to take a bus & walk. Luckily, I picked a truly gorgeous spot with a panoramic view (the name 180° McIver is very apt!) & we were also blessed with amazing weather. We crashed almost immediately after, because I left very early next morning for a quickie trip to Delhi with Google – but that’s a story for another day. If makeup is your thing, you can watch my birthday get ready with my video below.   Also here’s a rare picture of mom, she takes almost all of my pictures but has to be forced to let me take hers. I asked her to wear this top, so we could match.  It was a truly lovely day, & I know I’ll probably visiting that charming town again sometime. Now for something absolutely random – I’ve recently gotten a steam account & really delved into gaming again, after years! I’ve been obsessed with this sim called Stardew Valley, it’s really calming but it sort of sucks you in. Do you game? I’d love to hear about your all time faves! x Just a quick little check in.      H&M dress // Ray-Ban round copper flash sunglasses // Vans espadrilles – tropical peach Photos by Sheila Vaz at Karma Royal Haathi Mahal How’s everyone doing? It feels like forever since I’ve properly written a post here, so I just wanted to say hi. It’s been an amazing couple of months but equally hectic. Kinda proud that I’ve been really regular with videos but it’s hard to find the chance to blog too. And then it becomes this weird vicious circle – I’m sure many other bloggers can relate. My birthday is in less than fortnight – since summer in Mumbai is not my favorite time, I’m taking a tiny little workcation to the Nilgiris in early April, so I’m definitely really excited to be there after two years. Living at home with your parents can you a little complacent, so I’m also trying to get better at adulting, simple things like being more proactive with my health, or figuring out how to better manage my personal finances or file my income tax returns. But yeah, things are generally good & I wouldn’t have it any other way. x  How to dress for a winter that isn’t really wintry.  H&M dress // Ray Ban round red mirror gradient sunglasses // Lulu & Sky bomber jacket // Native Apollo Moc sneakers Photos by Sheila Vaz I’ve always maintained that hot & cold are very relative terms, at least with respect to the weather. Mumbai (home, for most of the time) & Goa (the ‘native place’ are both on the west coast of India & both have insanely tropical weather – which means lots of humidity, scorching summers, intense monsoons and not much of a winter. Just because it doesn’t get seriously cold doesn’t mean it isn’t nice. In fact, ‘winters’ in Mumbai & Goa (think early November to mid February, if we’re being generous) are characterised by exceedingly pleasant weather & it’s hands down the best time to explore both places on foot & just generally do stuff outdoors. Anyway this is just a casual winter daytime outfit I wore last month in Goa. A casual black tshirt dress, sunglasses, comfy sneakers & a bomber jacket in case in gets chilly. Somehow my bare legs can take cold much better than my arms! I also filmed a Get Ready With Me video taking you all through my winter skincare & makeup routine… you can watch the video below & visit the video page for a full list of the products used.  At the start of 2017, I decided to do a beauty detox which was basically a makeup shopping ban. Part of me was skeptical about doing it because beauty shopping has always been a huge weakness (even if I don’t wear that much) but I’m happy to say I’ve made it through with just one mascara purchase in 2017! I’m pretty pleased with myself for making it though & I’m looking forward to placing an order for a few things. The whole point of the detox was to break myself out of destructive shopping habits & really think before every purchase. I am thinking of writing a post about what I learnt so let me know if that’s something you’d like to see! x Going back to my roots for this very provincial personal style post.       AJIO dress // Daniel Wellington watch // H&M mules lips- Guerlain KissKiss Matte in Zesty Orange (full review here) | nails- LYN Vegan nail polish in Genie in a Bottle Photos by Sheila Vaz The dress I’m wearing here was actually a whimsical sale purchase. I was really drawn in by the print – there’s tropical vegetation, a house, a cat, monkeys! I always like playful prints & I found this just charming, that I even bought a blouse version of it for mom. knew that I just had to wear this in Goa. Oh & by the way, do you spot actual, living monkeys in any of these pictures? There are even a couple more farm animals in there. We shot this outfit on the road just outside our ancestral home in Goa. These pictures suddenly make me very sentimental because I’m intimately familiar with the area. Some of these photos were also taken by the church, where the walls were freshly whitewashed in preparation for the upcoming feast. x Sharing an Outfit of the Day by What I’ve learnt (about myself!) after blogging for the better part of a decade.      Suman Nathwani Resortwear by Khayti dress // Ray Ban round – copper flash sunglasses // Daniel Wellington Classic Petite Melrose watch + rose gold cuff // BCBGeneration gold sandals lips- Colourpop Ultra Satin in Frick N Frack | nails- Nykaa Nails Silk in Pretty in Pink Photos by Sheila Vaz. I‘m not one that keeps track of years or anniversaries very well. But lately I’ve had a very similar conversation at many events – I’m usually making small talk with another blogger or a publicist & they’ll ask me how long I’ve been blogging for. The first couple of times this happened, I had to pause & think before replying – It’ll be 9 years in Jan. And it was only after saying it a few times & it began to dawn on me that this was a very long time. I’ve talked about how much blogging has changed & evolved in the last few years, but what about me? I’ve changed quite a bit too – my cringey blog posts from 2009-10 always serve as the best reminder. I chose to make this my career & it’s been such a become such a big part of my identity that I’m not sure what I’d be doing if I wasn’t doing this. Blogging has taught me so much about myself that I thought I’d share three that I’ve been thinking about a lot. I pride myself at creating quality content here on the blog. Since I started YouTube, I wanted to also maintain a very high standard of quality over there. Quality is very important, of course. Nobody wants to read or watch a soulless content mill that just churns out content for the sake of it. But there’s a flipside. Perfectionism is seen as a desirable trait but it can very well be a crutch. Spending time fixating on tiny details wasn’t doing me any good. Not only was it physically & mentally exhausting, it stopped me from moving onto the next task & just had me stuck on little things I couldn’t change. I already know that I’m a control freak, but I realise that I need to get better at letting go of the little niggles. Every time I spend too long obsessing over producing a video or photoshoot, I have to remind myself that I’m a digital content creator, not Wes Anderson making his next film or Anna Wintour prepping to release the September Issue, you know? And focussing on body positivity & self love has helped quite a bit too, I no longer worry that my face is too oily or my eyebrows aren’t evenly done or my zits are showing. All of this together is helping me not only more productive but more at peace. TL;DR Striving for quality is good within limits. Don’t get compulsive about things. Imperfection is good, it reminds people that there’s a real person behind what they’re watching / reading. Being someone who puts myself online, there are a million different parameters by which I’m judged. I spent a good few years being a little too concerned with how I’m perceived. That I should behave a certain way, that there were certain things I could or couldn’t wear, talk or behave. I think it was sometime last year that I just stopped giving a fuck. If I want to put up a photo in a bra or talk loudly about politics, I do it, without a second thought. People are going to judge you anyway, so why bother? TL;DR I’m don’t give any thought to my image or bother about labels anymore. Don’t let society’s or people’s perceptions stop you from being the person you want to be. This is something that’s been drilled into almost everyone since we were little kids. But when building your first grown-up closet or makeup bag, it can be easy to get swept up in the numbers game. And of course I’ve gone through periods of buying too much. Part of it is just experimentation – how can I find what I like without trying many different things first? Then it can also become part of building a collection- how cool would it be to have a hundred lipsticks? Or two hundred? I did this for a few years before realising it wasn’t sustainable at all. Not great for the environment or my pocket, & I ended up with a lot of stuff I’ve worn or used just once. It was high time I made some changes. At the start of this year, I wrote about my 2017 Makeup Buying Ban. It’s going superbly – while I usually bought multiple products a month, 9 months in I’ve bought a single mascara. In July I also wrote about my desire to refrain from buying fast fashion & wear, support (& feature!) more locally designed & made clothing. I used to buy clothes based on how striking or interesting they seemed. Now, I try to envision if I can easily wear what I’m buying a few times, is it something that fits with the rest of my wardrobe, will it pair with my existing shoes & can I wear it a year or two from now without it looking dated. And that kinda ties back nicely to this particular OOTD – this dress is from Suman Nathwani Resortwear by Khyati. I joke to my mom that I now only buy clothes if they really call out to me. Well this dress didn’t speak, it sang! I was really drawn to the colour & silhouette – and I think the brass coloured tinsel trim at the bottom just elevates it from a simple sundress to one that’d be perfect for daytime dos. It even makes a beautiful sound when you walk, kinda like anklets? I paired it with a few gold accessories & loved how the look turned out! TL;DR Buy consciously – avoid buying multiples of the same thing (another pair of black jeans or another nude lippie) & instead look for timeless pieces you’ll be able to use multiple times in different ways. The environment, your closet & your wallet will thank you! These are just three things that come to mind right now but I have so much more that I can share. I’m thinking of doing a video soon on things that being a vlogger has taught me. I’m so glad that it’s sunnier out now so I can be more consistent with shoots. Please do check out my YouTube channel + possibly subscribe if you like what you see. Until next time! x  Chatting a bit about my love / hate relationship with Mumbai’s Monsoons.        bhane. sway dress // Firmoo silver round glasses // Lavie path wallet  // Jord cora wood watch – purple heart // Hunter boots – original tall gloss in cranberry lips – Colourpop Ultra Matte Liquid Lipstick in More Better  Photos by Sheila Vaz As I sit here typing this, it’s pouring cats & dogs outside. And all I can do is think about early June & laugh! You see, summers in Mumbai can be brutal & by the end of it, everyone is praying for rain (not just the farmers, who depend on it to grow their crops). When the first showers start in late May / early June – we’re all collectively excited – about the chill in the air, about petrichor, about how glorious & romantic monsoons are. Fast forward three weeks – it’s pouring every day. Everything is wet. The bad roads become worse, traffic that already moves slow now practically grinds to a halt. All I’m saying is, it sucks, y’know? We’ll all be relieved when monsoon is over & next summer we’ll all be waiting for it to start again. There’s something weirdly poetic about it, but that’s just life in Mumbai. I’ve been sharing personal style posts on here since 2010. I bought these Hunter Boots in 2012 – on a college goer’s allowance (& vacation money) they were a definite splurge but worth every single penny, I can’t think of many other fashion items I’ve had for five years (Mumbai’s humid weather is not kind to leather, or metal, or cloth, really). I’ve styled these many different ways over the years – you can check out my posts from 2012, 2013, 2015, 2016. This year’s look is about a lot of things I really like right now- minimalism, anti fit, Scandinavian aesthetics with little pops of colour. Also, now’s as good a time to talk about this as any – early this year, I went on a makeup / beauty buying ban until I could finish up some of the products I’ve already amassed. I’ve been quite happy with the results so far (I’ve just bought a single mascara since 2017 started). And that just helped me realise that I could re-examine my buying habits in other areas too. I buy too many clothes – I’ve been known to use this blog as an excuse. I have quite a few things that I’ve purchased & never worn, & even more that I have worn just one time. So my next personal goal is to buy less clothes & try to cut out fast fashion as much as I can – I don’t want to say never because one day I am going to succumb & pick up a pair of cute sushi or cat socks from Forever 21, but I do want to buy more consciously – support Indian brands. Buy more consciously – well made pieces that aren’t trend based but will stay in my wardrobe for a few years at least. I’ve resisted all of the July sales thus far, & I hope I can keep this up for longer. I’ve been a fan of bhane. ever since they first launched (remember when I was part of the bhane. Spring Summer in 2013?) So few labels in India design contemporary pieces at an affordable price tag & I’ve bought from them many times over the years (for me & mom!) This is another dress that is going to get so much of use from me! Of course I’m looking for more clothing labels that are well designed & made, ethical & sweatshop free. Do you know any that fit the bill? I’d love your recommendations in the comments! x A casual look that basically represents how I feel during Mumbai summers.         Zara trafaluc flame emoji tee // Zara x Maui & Sons embroidered mom denim shorts // Ray-Ban round (RB3447) – red mirror gradient // Daniel Wellington classy sheffield lady watch // Good After Nine tuxedo cat ring // Lavie sandals lips- MAC lady danger  | nails (fingers) Lakmé Absolute Gel Stylist – Gold Dust (toes) Nykaa Nails Matte – Strawberry Shortcake  Photos by Anushree Gavas at The House, Versova Summer in a tropical country is no breeze. We photographed this look a couple of weeks ago, when rain was still sporadic & the temperature was in the late thirties everyday. The look’s quite simple; you might have already seen a couple of these things in my recent fashion haul video – a light oversized tee with bleach denim shorts in my fave silhouette (#momjeansforlife). I think the sequins on the tee & the cute shark embroidery just adds something fun to the look. I gotta say, I’m loving this patches / embroidery on your tits trend – makes it that much easier to go braless if you so desire.  It’s monsoon now & dressing up is a whole other challenge. Hopefully I’ll do a monsoon OOTD super soon. June was a bit quiet on the blog, what with me doing VLUNE & all (I vlogged every single day!) But now that it’s July, we’re back to three posts a week here on the blog. I hope you have a great week, & month ahead… x A feline appreciation outfit of the day + deets on how you can win your own Jord Wood Watch!        Meow dress & pink bag – Bangkok street shopping // Ray-Ban round copper flash sunglasses // Jord Cora Koa wood watch // Good After Nine tuxedo cat ring // Lavie sandals lips – Lakmé Lip and Cheek Matte Mousse – Blush Velvet | nails (fingers) Lakmé Absolute Gel Stylist – Gold Dust (toes) Nykaa Nails Matte – Strawberry Shortcake  Photos by Anushree Gavas at The House, Versova Anyone who knows me even a little (either online or IRL) will know that I’m a crazy cat lady. I’ve been one my entire life but all those feelings have multiplied manifold since I adopted my first, second & then third cat! I recently got together with my talented friend Anushree to shoot this feline appreciation outfit – can you imagine how excited I was when I reached our shoot location & saw playful cat silhouettes on the wall?! Ever since I was a kid I’ve also flip flopped on my feelings for pink. But right now I’m really liking dusty, pale blush pink (millenial pink!) & I feel like I could wear this colour for a month straight. When it comes to accessories, I’m an extreme minimalists but I’ll almost never leave home without a wrist watch. I’ve been wearing my new Jord Wood Watch absolutely everywhere since I got it & they’ve kindly given one of you lucky folks to opportunity to win one of your own! Just go here to participate in my Jord Watch giveaway. It’s open internationally & will take less than five minutes to enter (last date: 9th June 2017). I also made a little Jord Watching Unboxing / OOTD Video to go with this post, you watch it below or on YouTube! x  This April I went on a family trip to Bangkok, Thailand. While most of my trips comprise a lot of blogger work, this one was a lot more laidback – a vacation in the traditional sense. I did however make a lookbook video documenting what I wore, just like last time. You can watch all five looks in the below or on YouTube. I thought I’d give you guys a little background on each look like locations filmed, what we did that day etc.   Koovs stretch denim dress // Lulu & Sky Bowie bomber jacket // Ray-Ban round sunglasses – red mirror gradient flash // Daniel Wellington classy sheffield lady watch // Lavie yellow mini satchel // Vans sk8-hi 50th anniversary high top sneakers Makeup |   The Body Shop Matte Lip Liquid in Mauritius Dahlia Filmed at Yaowarat Street (Chinatown Bangkok). Chinatown in Bangkok (better known to locals as Yaowarat street) was one of my favorite places during our last trip. However, we went on Lunar New Year which meant the place was at it’s most crowded, ever. I really wanted to visit on a less maddening day, so we made it a point to visit one evening in April. We went at dusk, when the sun was beginning to set & the vertical neon lights were being turned on. It was chaotic in the most exhilarating way – I even experienced my first Chinese Tea Ceremony (glimpses of it are in the vlog). The light denim dress coupled with my favorite new high tops were just perfect for the evening. The jacket wasn’t necessary in the heat, I just really wanted to photograph it under all those lights!  AJIO geometric print off shoulder peplum top + shorts // ASOS boater hat // Ray-Ban round sunglasses – red mirror gradient flash lenses // Timex weekender watch // Lavie yellow mini satchel // Vans sk8-hi 50th anniversary high top sneakers Makeup |   MAC Lady Danger Filmed on the sidewalk at Pan Road, near our hostel. In the last year I’ve moved from someone with a mostly black, blue & solid color wardrobe to buying clothing in every colour of the rainbow. The co-ord set was the first proper vacation purchase this year. I was instantly attracted to the geometric print & bright colours but it was even cuter when I tried it – who doesn’t love a top that has on trend off shoulder detailing plus a peplum to hide your food baby? Not to mention, the shorts have deep, functional pockets & make my  look cute, I really couldn’t ask for a better summer vacation outfit. This would have been super cute to wear to something outdoors but I just ended up wearing it to the mall for the most delicious Asian meal (every meal in Thailand was delicious though!)  Warehouse botanical maxi dress // Forever New embroidered basket bag // Koovs leather lattice loafers Makeup |   The Body Shop Matte Lip Liquid in Goa Magnolia Filmed at Luka Bangkok, a cute little brunch place near our hostel. This beautiful Warehouse maxi is a summer purchase from a couple of years ago that I never got around to wearing. It has an interesting botanical print, side slit & an open back detail – the perfect laidback brunch outfit. I wore it for a second visit to Luka Bangkok, this wonderfully designed café & interiors store at Pan road. We first went there for my birthday brunch & I knew I had to revisit it. That place is so chic, with it’s industrial decor & tons of plants that I would probably pay to eat cardboard (& yes, I’ve just come to the realization that aesthetics mean more to me than food when I’m eating out). But you needn’t worry, they have an amazing menu. I finally sipped on pretty soda, munched on a shakshuka & later did my best to pose for this lookbook while concealing my food baby, hehe. Always love when I can walk back to my residence in ten minutes.   H&M cat tshirt // Marks & Spencer relaxed denim shorts // Firmoo metal round glasses // Accessorize backpack // Timex weekender watch // Vans sk8-hi 50th anniversary high top sneakers Makeup |   Colourpop Ultra Satin Lip – Frick n Frack Filmed at Cooper Bangkok, our super chic hostel. There’s nothing much to talk about this look – it’s just your standard vacation casual outfit. Not particularly inventive or special, just comfy & functional. The perfect outfit to just roam around for hours in & eat the most delicious street food. Koovs off shoulder black dress // Ray-Ban round sunglasses – red mirror gradient flash lenses // Daniel Wellington classy sheffield lady // Lavie yellow mini satchel // Steve Madden darcie sandals Makeup |   MAC Lady Danger Filmed at Ratchada Train Market, my favorite night market in Bangkok. My final look is technically my birthday dress, I had plans for the evening but got lazy & decided to postpone it by a few days. I ended up wearing it to Ratchada Train Market, my favorite night market in Bangkok. Live music, great food & cool beer – it was just the perfect evening towards the end of our trip. And those were my five looks! I feel like I’m getting a lot better at vacation outfit planning. If you’ll notice, my red Ray-Ban’s, yellow satchel & multi coloured high tops are each repeated three times in these five looks. I’ve always read that you should carry more solids & neutrals while travelling, because they’re easier to mix & match but I think you can mix & match colourful outfits too, provided you stick to a similar colour palette. Most of my outfits had bright, primary colours & that’s why I could get away with using the same yellow bag & high top sneakers in three of these looks. Despite being ‘loud’ colours, they just went with almost everything I had carried. I hope this lookbook gives you some dress up or travel inspiration (maybe even a little of both!) Let me know which look is your favorite in the comments below!  x   An edgy summer outfit with musings on being nasty.         StalkBuyLove bettis bodysuit // Topshop mom jeans // Glamorous patch denim shirt // Daniel Wellington classy sheffield watch // BCBGeneration sandals Photos by Anushree Gavas at Hotel Renaissance Mumbai Use the code MAGALICDW for 15% off on any Daniel Wellington Watch, ships free worldwide. Lately I’ve been giving a lot of thought to terms like nasty woman & just double standards on the whole. Women have made a lot of strides but it always seems like we’re held up to a different standard to right & wrong. Women have to be capable – but we also have to be pretty. And we have to smile. And most importantly, we have to be nice. God forbid we aren’t polite to everybody, that we don’t greet every single aunty the moment we see them, that we try to get a word in a political conversation. Or we know our worth – in professional & personal spheres. Well you know what? I’m done with all that bullshit. I’m done with apologising for wearing too much makeup or going bare faced. And moreover I’m done with the idea that being a woman means having to conform to some unwritten codes of femininity. That’s why I’m proud to be a nasty woman. And I’m proud to know many badass nasty women too! Being a woman in India, it helps to have a reminder that you don’t have to have a certain set of often counter productive ‘virtues’ or skills to have worth. Work hard, spread positive vibes & just do your thing. I hope you have a wonderful weekend! x It’s just over a week since I returned home from my first travels of 2017 – a 13 day trip to Bangkok, Thailand with mom. I first visited Bangkok when I was in college & fell in love with the city. I had to chance to revisit for just 3 days last year, & that just rekindled all my old feelings & reminded me why I like the city so much in the first place. But more on that later. As is become customary on recent trips, I also made a lookbook video while there, you can watch it below.  The video description has all the outfit details, but I thought I’d break it down further here on the blog – tell you more about each look, some of the items featured, where we shot them & where I wore them (just as I did with the Fort Cochin Lookbook). Koovs longline bomber jacket // Koovs K Active mesh panelled tshirt // Topshop moto denim skirt // Ray-Ban round – red mirror gradient sunglasses // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Fjallraven Totepack no 1 // Vans x Disney Toy Story collection classic slip on sneakers Makeup |   Lakmé Matte Mousse Lip and Cheek in Crimson Silk Filmed near the King Rama VI memorial outside Lumpini Park Worn to the Thai Tourism Festival at Lumpini Park & Yaowarat Road (Chinatown) This is what I wore for our first proper ‘out & about’ day in Bangkok. 28th of January was the start of the Chinese / Lunar New Year festivities. Since India doesn’t have a sizeable Chinese Population or Chinatown anywhere (except for Kolkata, & I haven’t been there) I was really excited to experience what the festival would be like, & of course I had to get in the spirit by wearing a lot of red! Also débuted my new Ray-Ban round sunnies, I’m obsessed with this shape, so of course I had to buy one in my favorite colour. We started our day dropping by the Thailand Tourism Festival. I had heard about the festival but it didn’t really interest us at first, but May (the wonderful lady that runs Cooper Bangkok, the hostel we stayed at) strongly recommended it, so we decided to go. It was certainly nice to see the really large selection of food & wares from around the different regions of Thailand. Although it soon became apparent that it was a very hot day & wearing a heavy bomber jacket wasn’t the smartest move. After that we proceeded directly to Yaowarat, Bangkok’s Chinatown. Said to be the largest chinatown in the world, it was teeming with people hawking food & curios, other tourists like us & Chinese folk buying gold. We ventured off the road & even chanced upon the Leng Buai ai Shrine (considered to be the oldest Chinese shrine in Bangkok!) All in all a very superlative day, the only major disappointment for me is that I was too tired to wait till the sun properly set so I could see all the neon signs in Chinatown light up! It’s definitely one of my favorites from the trip & I hope you enjoy it.  Zaful rainbow patch cropped sweatshirt // Zaful accordion pleat velvet skirt // Cath Kidston x Disney Mickey Mouse tote bag // Casio vintage style digital watch // Vans x Disney Toy Story collection classic slip on sneakers Makeup |   Lakmé Matte Mousse Lip and Cheek in Crimson Silk Filmed at the roof garden of Cooper Bangkok hostel Worn to the Mall / Moomin Café For me, this look is comfort dressing at it’s best. I am enjoying jumping on the velvet trend bandwagon, there’s just something very luxurious about it. This piece from Zaful is fabulous. The weight, the fall, the colour & also the subtle sheen-y finish. I love the shine because it’s sort of metallic but still daytime appropriate, you know? I paired it with a cropped sweatshirt that is just so easy to wear & some fun Disney themed accessories, because why not?  I wore this to the Moomin café, you can see glimpses of it in the video. It was so good, we went twice – I’ll be doing a separate post sharing my experience there. For now, can we just take a moment to appreciate Strawberry Fanta? Indian carbonated drink flavours seem so boring now.  Zaful owl print swimsuit (worn as bodysuit) // Topshop mom jeans // Ray-Ban round silver mirrored sunglasses // Leo Mazzoti bracelet (nautical knot) // Wanderer bracelet // Fjallraven Totepack no 1 // Native shoes Makeup |   Lakmé Matte Mousse Lip and Cheek in Blush Velvet Filmed outside the entrance of Cooper Bangkok hostel Worn to Chatuchak Weekend Market I think that wearing a bodysuit (or in this case, a swimsuit) is the ultimate way to look bomb with minimal effort.  The bird motif on the suit is what attracted me to it. It has a V-Neck & a verrrrry deep back. Wearing this much blue always puts me in a good mood. I first visited Chatuchak Market (or JJ Market) 7 years ago, on my first trip to Bangkok & I’ve been obsessed with going back ever since. I wanted to go on my short solo visit last year, but unfortunately I had a very small window of a few hours and it started pouring on the way, so I thought it would be wise to not go to an outdoor, open market on such a rainy day & headed to the mall instead. Maybe thinking of this market the way I did was only setting myself up for disappointment, but it was a pleasant day nonetheless. It was devilishly hot, but then we had lots of iced drinks & this delicious coconut ice cream too! Because how could I not, really? It was a little too noisy There’s even footage of my first ever visit to a Cat Café in the very same vlog, so check it out, will you?  Zara trafaluc tshirt dress // Ray-Ban round – red mirror gradient // Fjallraven Totepack no 1 // Wanderer bracelets // Vans x Disney Toy Story collection classic slip on sneakers Makeup |   NYX Liquid Suede in Loud Mouth Filmed at the Surasak BTS Station Worn for another visit to the mall Anti fit clothing forms such an integral part of my wardrobe & when I saw this Zara tshirt dress, it was love at first sight! It was the most hardworking dress in my luggage too. The perfect dress to just chill in, you can dress it up & down according to your preference. I accessorised with my new favorite sunglasses & a dark blue lip & this was the perfect look to just pop into the mall for some Korean food.   Zaful Rosé all Day swimsuit (worn as bodysuit) // Vero Moda patch denim shirt // Marks and Spencer relaxed denim shorts // Liten earrings // Jeep Kongdechakul ceramic eye brooch // Lavie bag (also here) // Casio vintage style digital watch // Vans laser cut leather slip ons Makeup |   Lakmé Matte Mousse Lip and Cheek in Blush Velvet Filmed on Silom Road Worn to Ratchada Train Market (rod fai 2 night market) Another super easy, laidback look featuring a swimsuit. This suit actually says Rosé All Day but I’d much rather just prefer a cool beer. I wore this to Ratchada Train Market, this market wasn’t even on our agenda but May (from Cooper, our hostel) highly recommend it, so we had to check it out. It turned out to be one of the absolute highlights of our trip. I did vlog that day too, it’ll be up on my YouTube channel soon!   Zaful velvet cami dress with rose appliqués // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Steve Madden darcie sandals – red suede (also here) Makeup |   Lakmé Matte Mousse Lip and Cheek in Crimson Silk Filmed in the lobby of Cooper Bangkok hostel Worn to… nowhere. I changed because this seemed too fancy for a regular dinner The final look is perfect for evenings, especially a party or dinner date. I don’t usually wear fitted or bodycon dress but this one was just perfect from the first time I tried it on. The black velvet feels absolutely lovely & the rosé applique takes things to the next level. It’s so easy to accessorize too, I just went with a black wrist watch, a red lip & red shoes. We shot this in the beautiful Cooper Bangkok hostel lobby which is just so chic. But I ended up changing before going out to dinner because it was just ‘too fancy’. Maybe I should have kept it on, nothing wrong with being overdressed once in a while.
 I discussed in my previous travel lookbook blog post how I always try to reflect the place I’m travelling to in my wardrobe choices while there. One of the best things about Bangkok is how liberal & chilled out the place is. Coming from a country like India, it just so refreshing to be able to wear whatever I want without being leered at or harassed, even if I’m alone. This post wouldn’t be complete without giving a big shout out to mom, who patiently helped me photograph / film all these looks & just generally put up with me on vacation. Bangkok will always have my heart & I can’t wait to go back really soon!  x Greenery, a zesty and refreshing yellow-green shade was announced the Pantone Color of the Year for 2017. The color symbolizes new beginnings and bright new days of springs that mark the nature’s cycle of renewing, restoring and reinvigorating. Post the announcement of the color of the year 2017, mixed reactions were received for some warmly welcomed and some discarded the color. Accept it or not the color has made it mark, and if you’re wondering how to incorporate the color in the new beginnings of your year then here you go!  Green blouses can be styled with dark articles for a chic and clean look, also for a bold look, bright greens can be styled with pompous blue or bright yellow. If you want to keep the look subtle, picking white articles to match with the green will make the best of the look. We love to style that smart green blouse with a black pair of pants, jacket and a smart pair of sneakers.  Bright pants may not often be in fashion highlights, but when they are, we are often tempted to sport one. If you are tempted to sport bright bottom wear, there is nothing to worry about, experimenting your bright article with some dark clothing pieces will compliment your look.  Shirt, maxi or shift dress a well-worn green dress with right accents are the current highlights, we are currently obsessing over the t-shirt dresses. We will pick a green t-shirt dress and throw in the good old pair of white sneakers to sport the zesty 2017 color this season.  Add a refreshing wave to your wardrobe, for this season demands a green coverall in your wardrobe. May that be a blazer or a warm coat, the year demands some real green in your closet.  If you are not a huge fan of flaunting bright outfits but want to still experiment with the bright shade, what better than accessories? Invest in a handbag or a pair of shoes style them with the subtle and dark outfit. The bright accessory is sure to give you that zesty edge, that year demands! What are your thoughts on the color and how do you want to go over the color this year? Get your hands on the latest range of fashion wear from Shoppers Stop. x Taking in all the sea vibes by the beach, on my first day in Sri Lanka.         Vero Moda Bikini Photos by me at Mount Lavinia Hotel, Colombo I bought my first bikini when I was ten. Correction, my mom bought it for me. I have a very clear memory of the whole thing. I had just won a school-wide spelling bee competition, & my proud mother took me to Shopper’s Stop to treat me. We went to the kid’s apparel section & there was a new line of Barbie swimwear (growing up, my love for Barbie was very strong). Of course I wanted the maroon string two piece. I loved that one & wore it for years. The last time I wore a bikini before this, was maybe four years ago. After college came a bit of weight gain (which I was mostly ok with, at least this would stop the aunties from asking me if my mom didn’t feed me) but I suddenly started becoming more aware of every perceived flaw on my body. Some of them, like stretch marks, were obviously new. Some others, like the lower back hair, darker underarms & thighs, I wasn’t sure if they just happened or I just noticed them. The one thing I knew was, I’m not going to wear a bikini anymore. And I still called myself body positive somehow. The main narrative in my head since two years or so was – I’ll get in shape, then I’ll go to the beach / pool. I’ll get my tummy flat again, then I’ll be comfortable. 2016 was a year of so many personal revelations, with one of them being – I’m a hypocritical idiot. How could I use my platform to spread the message of body positivity if I myself didn’t truly believe in it? I took these photos on my first day of a short but wonderful trip to Colombo with Fashion Market LK. I was in the most beautiful hotel room seeing nothing but ocean for miles. Putting on two piece swimwear is nothing revolutionary & that’s why I actually procrastinated on this post for a while. Should I just put up the pictures & not write anything? Why am I politicising putting a swimsuit on my own body? But I finally decided I wanted to write this because the personal milestone I conquered that day is more important to me than these pictures.  And the only reason I’m sharing this, is because if I can get here, you can. No matter what size you are. No matter what shape. No matter what your personal issues with your body are. Don’t let that stop you from wearing whatever the fuck you want to wear. It’s not going to be easy to feel confident right away if you have body image issues. It’s something you work at continually. These are snapshots of what I looked like in October 2016. I was 24 (I still am) I had red hair, I was on my second solo trip. It was my first day in Sri Lanka. I was killing it, & I was happy. Sure my body isn’t perfect. But this is what my body looks like. Uneven skin tone, belly fat & all (also makeup swatches on my arm, lol). And this was the day I discovered how to look bomb in a swimsuit. Find a swimsuit you like (it’s pretty important because I’ve bought many I still wouldn’t feel comfortable going out in, ugh). Go to the beach / pool & just enjoy yourself. Oh & it’s ok if you suck your tummy in for photos, ain’t nothing wrong with that! x Reflections on this blog’s eight anniversary!    ONLY cactus vest // Marks & Spencer joggers // Ray-Ban round silver reflectors // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // BCBGeneration sandals Photos by Anushree Gavas as Hotel Renaissance Mumbai Today marks the eight anniversary of Magalic.com. This impulsive little side project that I started during Christmas break in my first year of college has grown into something much bigger than I could ever hope for or imagine! I don’t really know what I can say that I haven’t already said many times – but thank you for being so wonderful & supportive. For coming to my blog, reading what I have to say, & sharing bits of your own lives with me. I cherish it more than I can express. I thought this was the perfect simple outfit to commemorate the occasion. Of course, this was shot a while ago. I’ve had an utterly chaotic day, but I really want to sit & write a few words before the clock strikes midnight. Last year I didn’t get to do as much as I’d like on this blog – I felt guilty about it, but it’s ok to take it slow sometime. Well I’m back, in earnest & I have some (hopefully exciting) changes that I’ll be announcing over the next week or so. Lots of love! x I’ve had the chance to go on so many great trips this year (especially since October) that I’ve fallen behind on writing about them. My most recent trip (& the last one of 2016) was a very laidback vacation to Fort Cochin with mom. I’ll admit that the destination was chosen by mom & I wasn’t all that enthused at first. I can also be a creature of habit & if I like a place, I’m tempted to go back again & again. So I have to practically force myself to venture to new destinations. My first family vacation to Kerala (Kovalam, six years ago) wasn’t that great. Two years ago I went back for a short, solo trip to Munnar, that turned out to be pretty amazing. So I was eager to see what Fort Cochin had to offer & it it turned out to be one of the best trips we’ve had in a while. I absolutely loved the vibe as well as the food! The weather was mostly lovely too. I’m going to write more about the trip in a seperate post, let’s get back to the topic at hand – the lookbook!  Travel Lookbooks are a blend of two of my very favorite things & I love doing them whenever we’re travelling. I’m a very slow traveller & on personal trips planned with my mom / parents, we prefer to spend more time in just one place, exploring on our own. I also really love walking & prefer booking accommodation in central areas, so I have a lot of interesting areas in walking distance. While you can watch the whole lookbook above, I thought I’d share a breakdown of the five looks below. That includes outfit details as well as where I shot & wore them.  Max Fashion velvet babydoll dress // Hidesign sunglasses // Leo Mazzotti braided nautical bracelet // Steve Madden sandals Makeup |   Lakmé Absolut Shine Line – Sparkling Olive  |   NYX Liquid Suede – Soft Spoken Filmed at Maritime Hostel (we stayed here for the first week) Worn for the first day of exploring around the Chinese Fishing Nets + lunch at Cochin Club I wore this look on our first proper day in Fort Cochin. We had seen the nets from afar & been to Cochin Club for dinner, but this is the first time we were seeing the coast in the daytime. Velvet is a huge trend this season & this babydoll marks my first ever velvet piece of clothing. It was a serious throwback moment for me because the last time velvet was on trend I was probably… eight? Yep I have distinct memories of three of my older friends turning up at one of my birthday parties all wearing new dark coloured velvet dresses! I probably still have those photos somewhere. I liked that the velvet isn’t too shiny on this dress so it’s a nice piece to get if you’re on the fence about the trend! I also liked the autumnal colour scheme & the vintage tapestry print. Overall a very easy dress that I just paired with subtle accessories in the same colour palette, since the print is already kinda busy.  StalkBuyLove top // Topshop black mom jeans //  The Bombay Store Kashmir suede bag // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Lavie flatform sandals Makeup |   Lakmé Matte Mousse Lip and Cheek in Fuschia Suede Filmed at a cute wall on TM Muhammad Road, outside the Kochi Biennale Foundation Worn for a very long day of exploring the area on foot I put this look together for a day of exploring new areas. We were headed to the museum that day but we took a super long route & ended up reaching just before their lunch break. We also dropped into a bracnh of my school & got lost more than once. It was a very exhausting but satisfying day! bhane. dress // KOOVS studded tote // Ray-Ban round (silver reflector) sunglasses // BCBGeneration sandals Makeup |   Lakmé Matte Mousse Lip and Cheek in Blush Velvet Filmed at Burgar street Worn for a laidback day of visiting cafés & petting cats I bought this bhane. dress quite early in the year, even took it with me on earlier trips but I never wore it out. It’s like I was saving it for the right occasion. I wore this on the day we finally visited Kashi Art Café – there was no better day to début it. Princess Street & Burgar Street (the latter being the road Kashi Art Café was on) were without a doubt my two favorite streets in Fort Cochin – they felt like they were from another place, in another time. Also, there were so many semi feral cats! They weren’t too up for being petted but they did accept little snacks from us. KOOVS sequinned shirt //  Topshop mom jeans // KOOVS studded tote // Ray-Ban round (silver reflector) sunglasses // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Steve Madden sandals Makeup |   NYX Lip Suede in Kitten Heels Filmed on the cobblestone sidewalk by St Francis Church Worn for some exploring & lunch at Cochin Club (again) I wore this look for yet another very relaxed day. The oversized silhouette, sequins & raw hem really attracted me to this shirt. And what can I say about mom jeans, other than the fact that I haven’t worn my skinny jeans all year? That’s one fashion statement I’ll happily carry over to 2017 as well. StalkBuyLove errand dress // Dhora earrings // Fjallraven Totepack no 1 – red // Leo Mazzotti rope nautical bracelet // Lavie flatform sandals Makeup |   NYX Lip Suede in Vintage Filmed at Bishop’s House / Indo-Portuguese museum garden. Worn for our first visit to Mattancherry Fort Cochin has been occupied by many different colonial powers over the years. While there were a lot of crappy downsides to all that imperialism, one of the tiny positives are the beautiful architecture in many of the churches & other buildings, built by the Dutch & Portuguese. This was the most vintage inspired of the five looks, shot at the most beautiful location. I wore this during our first visit to Mattancherry – it’s technically not Fort Cochin, but adjacent. I loved the mix of cultures there & this outfit was perfect for visiting many places of worship there, such as the Jain temple & Paradesi synagogue. When I’m visiting a new place, I try to carry clothes & accessories that match with the vibe of the place. I like to look well put together but don’t like to stand out too much or attract unwanted attention. I think shorter clothes like my first look are totally fine if you are roaming near the beach or Chinese Fishing Nets. For venturing more inwards towards Mattancherry, it’s best to cover up a bit more (especially if you plan to visit the synagogue, museums etc.) Winter in a tropical destination is still pretty hot & I think all of these looks were perfectly suited to the weather. If I could change something, I probably would’ve carried at least one pair of sneakers – all I carried were (flat) sandals but it would’ve been nice to have better support & cushioning on days we walked 5-6 kms! Unseasonal rains aren’t uncommon, so carrying an umbrella would be wise. We were lucky that our hostel had one we could borrow. Mom & I have shot travel lookbooks previously- we did one for Pondicherry, Ooty & a dress lookbook in Goa. I want to say a very big thank you to mom who patiently filmed this for me on our trip. This is definitely my favorite video that I’ve ever done. I cant wait to go on more trips & document more personal style ♥ I hope you enjoyed the video, do tell me which look was your favorite in the comments! x           Glamorous patch denim shirt (via Koovs) // Nicobar ballerina top // Blueberry lace choker (via Koovs) // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Marks & Spencer relaxed denim shorts // Disney x Vans sneakers // Vlogging camera Photos by Kedar Amburle at Light House Cafe, Worli I feel like it’s been so long since I wrote a proper chatty post, I don’t even know where to start. This outfit was shot a little while ago & now it’s the start of December & I’m playing Christmas Carols. Huh. I unashamedly jumped on the nineties trend bandwagon so hard this year. I’m sure childhood nostalgia had a very big part to play in it all. Mom always said trends were cyclical, & now that I’m old enough to actually see one circle back, it feels like an important personal fashion milestone of sorts. 2016 seems like a year where a lot of terrible shit happened. We lost David Bowie, Alan Rickman & so many greats. A loud, sentient cheeto in a wig was elected president of America. I still don’t know what to make of it all, not sure I ever will. But for me, personally I think it’s been pretty freakin’ amazing. I feel like I’ve achieved a lot of goals- professionally & personally. I better know myself as a person, & I’m not so hard and fast with limitations. In fact, I dove into unfamiliar waters so many times this year, that I’m a lot less scared of trying new things (on a related note: still can’t swim). Sure, I didn’t manage to do a lot of things I hoped for. Even went backwards a few times. But I’ve realized that it ok – as long as I’m making progress & learning, I’m fine with it. Every time I write a post here it feels like I say the same things – I’m sorry I haven’t been as regular as I’d like to be here. Writing on my blog is where it all started for me, & I do miss it a lot. But I’m also really enjoying YouTube – both creating & consuming videos. It feels a lot more real & personal than pictures & words in a post, but I will never stop blogging – I just need to find ways to manage my time better. I’d love to know what kind of posts you guys would like to see more of. Oh also, if videos are your thing, I’m doing three videos every week in December! It’s the most I’ve ever commited to, but since it’s just one month, it should be easy enough to follow through. I’ve always wanted to do vlogmas, maybe next year. Until then I’ll enjoy watching my favorites. I have a lot lined up this month that I’m excited to do. What’s your December looking like? x A Mumbai autumn / winter ready outfit & notes on the year end & growing up.         Koovs cold shoulder bodysuit // Topshop Mom Jeans (via Jabong) // Dhora necklace // Lavie swan tote bag // Crocs sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz Many may lament at Mumbai’s lack of winter but I love it. We’re just starting to get that little bit of chill in the air, it makes nights more bearable & makes me reach for my long sleeve tops. November to Feb are my favorite four months of the year, I’m so excited that they’re starting & it always feels like they’re gone too soon. We’re just at the end of October but somehow, in my head it already feels like the end of the year – the time when I turn into a sentimental, navel gazing, brooding person & try to sum up what the year has been like for me. It’s hard to get a handle on 2016. So much has happened, I feel like I can’t remember when I last had higher highs or lower lows. In popular culture, 2016 will be remembered as the year we lost so many beloved public figures (David Bowie’s death certainly knocked me back) but I think personally, this has been the most defining adult year of my life. I’ve worked harder than I ever worked (in my life). I’ve made actual, real efforts to step out of my comfort zone & not feel so safe all the time. I’ve taken chances on people. Some of those worked out, but some didn’t. I’ve (hopefully) learnt from my mistakes. I’ve said YES to more things & gotten some incredible opportunities this year. I took my first ever solo trip – something that I’ve contemplated doing for years (it was fantastic & life changing, in the best way possible). I’ve decided to do more of what I truly love – although this has resulted in blog has grown a little quieter, I’ve become regular with YouTube & that just makes me feel a lot more connected to you guys. I also feel like I’m getting slightly better at this whole ‘self love’ thing (though it’s still so hard). I’m not as intent on concealing perceived flaws & have become ok with sharing more of myself online. Whether it’s getting comfortable with appearing on camera without any makeup (I credit a lot of that to just vlogging regularly. It’s helped me shed a lot of unnecessary pretense & inhibitions)  or wearing sleeveless clothes though I have a weird relationship with my underarms, haha. That doesn’t mean there haven’t been negative or messy parts, parts that I need to work on. I’m still pretty disorganized. I need to get better at time management & work more on not feeling very anxious or overwhelmed. But I’m not one to rush change – as long as I know I’m on the right path, I know I’ll get there. I want to take this opportunity to thank any & all of you for being around. Whether you’ve been reading this blog since day one, or you just discovered it. However you discovered me, wherever you ‘follow’ me. I feel like I’ve gotten to know so many of you personally, & you are all just a part of my life story. When I started this blog in college, it was mostly just to get disciplined & to show my dear ones that I can keep at something (as a teenager I had a penchant for starting things but leaving them halfway). I was a very shy 16 year old who had just started college. I didn’t know the ways in which that little impulsive decision would shape my life. Creating content is the best job in the world & having such a supportive & positive community around me is an incomparable feeling. Thanks for being here. x Channelling everything 90s for a lunch date with the fam.     Koovs ribbed longline slit top // H&M bleached denim shorts // Blueberry lace choker (via Koovs) // Ray-Ban round copper flash sunglasses // Rosato bracelet // Eristona x Marianne Kate bag (via Koovs) // Lavie flatforms Photos by Sheila Vaz at Westin Woods, The Westin Mumbai Garden City A lace choker! Brown lipstick! A Patch Detail Bag! Flatforms! It really doesn’t get more 90s than this. I’ve always enjoyed channelling the fashion of a particular decade in my loops, whether it was the 60s or 80s, but I’ll always have a special affinity to the 90s. It’s the decade I was born in & spent my seminal childhood years, & 90s pop culture does make up some of my most cherished childhood memories. We photographed this look at the beautiful Westin Woods, an urban oasis in the middle of concrete, dusty Mumbai. I’ll talk more about the food there in my next post… Reflections on my favorite trends & some chit chat about my big trip.            Noble Faith cold shoulder blouse (from Koovs) // Topshop Mom Jeans (from Jabong) // Ray-Ban Round Copper Flash // Dhora earrings // Eristona rainbow pin // BCBGeneration sandals Photos by Kedar Amburle at Light House Cafe, Worli I started this blog in 2009 mainly to further my love of writing, but I’ll be honest – I always find it hard to write something meaningful to accompany my personal style posts, it’s just such an exercise in frivolity no? I’ve never claimed to be a fashion writer or someone that helps people dress better; I’m just sharing my personal style. Nothing more, nothing less. I’ve been fortunate to travel a lot this year, while I didn’t blog about every single one, you can check out my #MagaliTravels YouTube Playlist for lots of travel videos. And as I type this, I’m about to embark on my most exciting one yet! I’m heading to Thailand with Cox and Kings &The Tourism Authority of Thailand where I’ll be spending three days exploring Chiang Rai, Thailand’s Northernmost city followed by a couple of days in Bangkok. It’s my first international solo trip & I couldn’t be more thrilled! I’ll be doing a ton of updates on instagram (@magali_c) & of course there’ll be vlogs, so I’d love if you could join me online, I’m excited to explore & share the entire trip with you guys! x The Mickey Mouse obsession continues with this shirt dress from the ONLY x Mickey collection.          ONLY x Mickey shirt dress (via Koovs) // Ray-Ban silver flash aviators // Blueberry lace choker (via Koovs) // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Vans Disney sneakers Photos by Kedar Amburle at Light House Café, Worli 
 It somehow seems like being in my twenties has reignited my love for the world’s most famous cartoon mouse (my cats would not be pleased). I did a Mickey Mouse inspired look earlier this year & now this. I couldn’t contain my excitement when I first heard of the ONLY x Mickey Capsule Collection. Mickey Mouse prints & motifs for grownups, where do I sign up? I’ve been fawning over all the pieces ever since but this shirt dress was shirt dress was my favorite & it’s such an easy piece! Not fashion related but Disney related, I recently did a video featuring the LEGO Disney Minifigures (very limited edition) so if you like Disney as much as me, make sure you check it out on my YouTube channel. x All peach & gold tones, talking about the wardrobe basic I can’t stop buying.       Ray-Ban round copper flash sunglasses // StalkBuyLove lynx bodysuit // Koovs printed culottes // StalkBuyLove hope bag // Rosato charm bracelet // BCBGeneration sandals Photos by Anushree Gavas at Phoenix Marketcity Bodysuits are my absolute thing because they’re the most versatile & hardworking basic you can have. You can pair them with shorts / a skirt or jeans / pants & it’ll always look chic. I’ve been stocking up on StalkBuyLove bodysuits because they have such a large variety of well made ones. I prefer bodysuits to tops / blouses because you have that neat, tucked in look & they never bunch or ride up. The best practical detail in these is that they have buttons at the bottom so you don’t have problems when you need to go to the loo! These outfit has a lot of orange / peach tones, so it’s giving off spring summer vibes even in monsoon & the accessories are all gold toned, which is very unlike me as I usually prefer silver, but it’s fun to try different stuff once in a while, no? Hope you’re having a great Thursday! x Just popping in to let you guys know that there’s a fresh Monthly Favorites video over on my YouTube channel! I didn’t try a whole lot of new things in the month, so there are a few repeats… but they’re thing SO good, they deserve to be repeated. → Sugar Matte As Hell Lip Crayon in Mary Poppins
Review video here. → YBP Makeup Perfector Sponge (Naked – White) → WELLA Pro EIMI Perfect Me Lightweight BB Lotion
Reviewed here. → L’Oreal Professionnel Wild Stylers Scruff Me Dishevelling Styling Gelee → Badger Cuticle Care Balm → Ray-Ban Mirrored Aviator Sunglasses Another thing I really loved & forgot to mention is Stranger Things. It’s a new Netflix Original show set in the 80s. I know absolutely everyone seems to be talking about it, but the hype is so worth it, it’s surely one of the best shows I’ve seen in a while. Did you discover anything new & fun lately? Let me know! An Indo-Western look featuring a sustainable label based out of Rajasthan.          Jayati Goenka linen jumpsuit // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Clarks Susie Deva block heel sandals Photos by Kedar Amburle at Asado the Cocktail Street While I rarely wear full on ethnic clothes like sarees or anarkalis, Indo-western clothes are something I’ve always been drawn to. I recently came across Jayati Goenka, a label of clothing based out of Jaipur. Jayati’s vision is to blend traditional Indian textile crafts with elements from other societies to create unique & functional garments. All of her creations are sustainable, with most being hand dyed & printed in Rajasthan. This jumpsuit was one of my favorite things from her collection. It’s a light fabric, perfect for hot & humid Indian weather. Orange is my favorite colour, & the cutout back unique ankle detailing made this a must have for me. It’s so easy to style, no need to struggle with putting an outfit together. I didn’t even need to accessorize, just my favorite wrist watch & colour co-ordinated heels & I was good to go. I’m looking forward to adding more Indian designers in my wardrobe! x Three looks we shot a while ago, which will make you want to go on a beach vacation!   A months ago I did a little shoot for the Marks & Spencer Summer Vacation collection which you must be already familiar with if you follow me on instagram (@magali_c). They’re two outfits that are absolutely perfect for the pool side or beach, & one laidback casual full linen look. All the clothing & the hat is from Marks & Spencer while my sandals are from Topshop. All photos (& this video) by my talented friend Anushree Gavas at The Poolside, JW Marriott Mumbai Sahar.
       I don’t know why I’m only now getting around to sharing them here because they’re probably my favorite images (of myself, haha) ever. Hope you liked this post… which look was your favorite? x A boho casual daytime look, just right for lunch in one of my favorite indoor/outdoor cafés!     SheIn off shoulder top // Marks & Spencer relaxed denim shorts // Accessorize necklace // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Vitasta Rupiya clutch // Steve Madden sandals on my lips: Colourpop Tulle | fingers: Maybelline Uptown Blue | toes: Maybelline Rose Poudre Photos by Sheila Vaz at Candies Café I feel the most comfortable in casual clothes, & this outfit is a sort of happy mish mash of everything I’ve been enjoying recently. Lots of the colour blue & of course the off shoulder trend. The personal style section of this blog has it’s roots in very hippie / bohemian dressing. Of course it’s been 7 years since then, & my style has changed & evolved quite a bit, but it’s fun to sometimes revisit it. Speaking of revisiting old loves, this  outfit was photographed at Candies, my very favorite hangout when I was in college. At the time it was out favorite purely because of proximity (plus management at Candies seemed nice which is more than we could say for our other favorite, Cafe Andora). So that day I went back to Candies after a few years, to check out their latest pizzas (the Hawaiian one was delicious!) & I was delighted that the place still had it’s charm. Plus, it had just rained, which made all the greenery look even more lush. I made a mental note to visit more often. This post turned out to be a bit… nostalgic somehow? In a world where everything’s changing, revisiting old favorites (whether it’s a cafe like this, or just reconnecting with old friends) just seems to bring with it a sense of comfort. Hope you’re all well, have a great weekend! A casual daytime look featuring some of my favorite brands!       bhane. layer top (from koovs) // Topshop Mom jeans (from jabong) // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Accessorize sling // Clarks Orla Betty sandals Photos by Kedar Amburle at Asado The Cocktail Street Lately, without even realizing it, my wardrobe has been dominated by shades of blue. Here’s a relaxed daytime look, which I classed up with my favorite retro heels! I know there isn’t any velvet in this look – I’ve just decided to name all my personal style posts after movies or songs, so this one gets it’s name from my favorite David Lynch film. What is one color that recurs a lot in your wardrobe? I do believe you can tell a lot about a person by the colors they wear & surround themselves with! x A casual ode to everyone’s favorite cartoon mouse.    Splash Mickey Mouse tshirt // Topshop Mom Jeans (via Jabong) // Apple Watch // Vans Disney shoes Photos by Sheila Vaz at Jakson Inns, Phaltan I’m going to apologise if the pictures kinda lack the polish of my other outfit posts – we photographed this during our trip to Phaltan, about 10 mins before the trip back to Bombay, & it was a very blustery afternoon, leading to these very windswept pictures. I was really attracted to this cute monochrome mickey tee while shopping at Splash, then decided to go all out Mickey because why the hell not? Besides, I’ve always wanted an excuse to try out that ridiculous Mickey Mouse Apple Watch face. (Yes, this post is named after Mickey Mouse’s chief catchphrase. Not very imaginative, I know) Mom Jeans have become my new staple (seriously, I haven’t wriggled into a pair of skinny jeans in months!) & I completed the look with my beloved Disney X Vans sneakers (see my other pair, with Minnie Mouse here). My trip to Phaltan might’ve just spanned a weekend but it was probably my most exciting weekend this year. Nothing beats the feeling of discovering a new destination, especially when there is so much to see & do. I documented my whole trip in this vlog! The cloudy weather & incessant rains in Mumbai have got me in a rut of sorts but I’m keeping myself entertained by watching my previous travel videos & trying to plan my next couple of trips – what are you up to? x Summer vacations are the best. Nothing beats knowing you are catching a flight somewhere hot and relaxing in just a few hours, with nothing to do but work on your tan for a week. However, while this is all well and good, if you don’t pack the right footwear, your enjoyment of this much-needed break will be tempered by the realization you should have packed your favorite shoes. So what shoes do you actually need for a summer vacation? Sandals are essential footwear for a summer vacation. A cute pair of sandals can be worn with virtually any outfit, from skinny jeans to a pretty Bo-Ho dress. Cheap sandals are available from all kinds of stores, including cheap online e-stores. Cheap sandals are a good choice if you are taking a beach vacation, as it won’t matter if they are damaged by salt water, but if you want to look like an A-Lister on the beach or in the local nightclubs, look for embellished sandals sprinkled with Ascot Diamonds. Comfortable flats are a useful pair of all-purpose shoes. Summer vacations inevitably involve shopping and wandering around aimlessly, enjoying the views and fine weather. You could wear sandals, but it is a good idea to pack a pair of comfortable flat shoes too, as these are great for longer walks or travel to and from your destination. This type of shoe also takes up very little room in a suitcase, which is a bonus if you are travelling light. Are you planning on doing a spot of hiking? If so, you will need a pair of robust sneakers to protect your feet from the trail. Many vacation destinations are blessed with ancient ruins or scenic, often remote, tourist attractions. Some are difficult to reach, so you may have to hike there on foot. You won’t be able to do this if you are stuck wearing sandals or slip-on shoes. Pack a pair of sneakers, just in case.  Heels are essential vacation wear. It wouldn’t be much of a vacation if you didn’t spend at least some of your evenings enjoying a nice meal out in a fancy restaurant, or exploring the local bars and clubs. Heels can be worn with pretty much any outfit, but they work best with a slinky dress or skinny jeans and a glamorous top. Beach shoes are perfect for walking on the sand. You can step on to the sand in bare feet, but in hot countries the sand is generally scorching hot by midday, so unless you want second-degree burns on the soles of your feet, this is not recommended. Look for cheap flip-flops or slip-on plastic shoes. That way it won’t matter if you lose them in the sand or sea. These are the only five pairs of shoes you will need for a summer vacation, but if you want to push the boat out, pack a few pairs of each style, just in case. An ode to my dearest cat, on his first gotcha day.     ONLY Cat Print striped tshirt dress // Pepe Jeans denim jacket // Apple Watch // Vans Galaxy print sneakers Trixie Cat Harness on Thelma | @thelmacatola Photos by Sheila Vaz On 28th July 2015 (exactly one year ago) I dressed up & got out of my house. It was in many ways a regular day in my life – it was super rainy, & I had planned a few work & personal appointments. Attending a press preview, meeting a friend for lunch (& discussing travel!) But my last appointment was kind of special because I was going to be brining home my first ever set of foster kittens that evening! I’d always been a cat person, so getting fosters was no big deal right? It seemed like a good way to be a part of the stray animal rescue + rehabilitation process without making the long term commitment of adopting a cat. Well, I didn’t know it then but my life has just changed in so many ways since that day. Of course we decided to adopt one of our fosters, Thelma (who turned out to be a boy, joke’s on us) after his darling brother sadly passed away. Thelma is one of the biggest cats you’ll meet (seriously, he weights over 8 kgs right now, in stark contrast to the 400 gms he weighed when he came home). He’s sassy, obstinate, slightly glutinous & very loving. As Thelma was a rescue cat, it’s not possible to celebrate his birthday (we don’t know when he was born) so adoptive pet parents tend to celebrate a gotcha day instead, marking the anniversary from when you bring home your pet. Nowadays I’m sometime’s awoken by a cat biting my feet (hard!) Scratches are commonplace & hardly noteworthy. My life has changed in so many ways, & I wouldn’t have it any other way! Happy First Gotcha Day Thelma, & here’s to many more. I’d been promising ‘The Pet Tag‘ video on my YouTube channel for a while & I finally did it-      This particular set of photos was taken about a month & a half ago, with the intention of being published exactly today. And in the meantime, we kinda sorta went & adopted another kitten, which you can hear more about in the video! I can’t write this post without giving a special shout out to World For All Animal Adoptions for the amazing work they do with rescuing stray dogs & cats in Mumbai (I’ve always fostered through them, they put out regular appeals on their facebook page) & to Jewel from Meow’s Home for running a homely & loving cat boarding house, so we can take occassional family vacations (human-only, lol) & still know that our feline family members are in the best hands.
  I wore Kylie Lip Kit in Candy K in these photos, full review will be up on my YouTube channel soon! And finally, this might be one of my favorite photos to come out of this set, Thelma look’s like he’s screaming for HALP (internally of course)! x Styling a Mumbai Monsoon friendly outfit that’s both cute & practical.      JDY dress // Accessorize envelope clutch // The Label Life signature chalkboard umbrella // Hunter cranberry tall gloss rain boots on my lips: Colourpop More Better / nails: Nykaa Lemon Pudding Photos by Sheila Vaz Some of you (ok, most of you!) might find the title of this post tad misleading as there are absolutely no fields in these pictures. These were actually taken at my garden, my lush little oasis in the middle of a very concrete jungle that is Mumbai – I probably take 80% of my outfit pictures here because it’s pretty & convenient! It is, however looking a bit more lush & overgrown thanks to the Mumbai Monsoons. If you happen to be living a non-tropical part of the world, let me break it down for you! Mumbai is a coastal city with very tropical & humid climate. From June to August, we experience a season called monsoon, characterised by heavy rain almost daily. Mumbai has been going through this since the beginning of time, you’d think the city would be better prepared for it but nope! Every year it’s the same old story, roads go bad, traffic comes to a standstill daily, increasing your commuting time exponentially & if it rains really heavy, the trains will stop functioning too, to avoid accidents. Add to that, everything starts to smell musty & leather grows mildew overnight. Not a happy time. It’s not even raining as I type this & it’s still at 84% humidity. I wish I could say that I loved Mumbai in the monsoons, but I really don’t. It always turns me into this grumpy old man who can’t stop grumbling about how much monsoons inconvenience me. I enjoy monsoon getaways to Goa, because I’m on vacation & I’m allowed to take it slow. But in the city, it just hampers me. But I’m trying to find the positives in it, as difficult as it might be & it’s so lovely to see trees & plants just flourish in this season. Styling my Hunter Boots has become an annual monsoon tradition of sorts! You can check out my posts from 2012, 2013 & 2015. This is the first time I styled it with a dress & I love how it turned out. Gloomy days tend to get my down so my personal mantra during cloudy days is to just wear the brightest, happiest looking things I can find! Also, how cute is this The Label Life chalkboard umbrella? Monsoon style has mostly focused on being very practical but not particularly styling, so I hope this look can show you that you can be monsoon ready & chic, it’s all about how you put things together. What are your thoughts on monsoons? Have you ever experienced a really bad one? x A casual summer / monsoon transition look.
    Global Desi linen tunic // Lavie backpack // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Native Jericho shoes Photos by Kedar Amburle at Asado The Cocktail Street We Mumbaikars like to pretend like we have at least three discernible seasons. In truth, it’s always summer here. I think the seasons would be better described like this – summer-summer, wet-summer & slightly-chilly-at-night summer. Lately, it’s been both hot & wet, & I’ve fallen in love with everything linen! This dress for me was love at first sight – it’s the perfect colour, silhouette & fit! I’ve teamed it with my Lavie backpack, which is just so convenient! The shape of the backpack does remind me of school / college but the fabric makes it look very refined, suitable for ever grown ups. I finished the look with my Native shoes – they’re all weather, & they particularly shine during the monsoons (or on beach holidays, of course!) Also this is the début of my brand new hairdo, here on the blog. I got a hair makeover at the newly opened Affinity Salon at Khar, with my favorite hairstylist Shefali. Of course I vlogged the whole process & you can see it here. I still have a couple of looks to share with my old do, but I’m just loving how how chic my short burgundy hair looks right now. What have you guys been up to? Do share! x 
  A casual boho outfit perfect for a lunch date, along with a makeup breakdown featuring some new products from NYX.      Koovs off shoulder top // Marks & Spencer relaxed denim shorts // Rosato charm bracelet // Forever 21 clutch // Steve Madden sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz at Loco Chino, Oshiwara It took a while for me to get on board with the off-shoulder trend & now I just can’t get enough! This top from Koovs is just the perfect casual piece that pops. I match it with my lips & I’m good to go. NYX, one of the first makeup brands I ever tried, recently launched in India, exclusively on Nykaa! What was even more exciting is that they’ve launched 200 products simultaneously, so beauty lovers can have a field day shopping. I’ve recent incorporated a few NYX things into my makeup routine, so I thought I’ll take a bit about them here. If you’d like to know more, please go watch my #NYXIndia video as it’s very detailed.  I haven’t used liquid foundation for a couple of years now, my base is just concealer & powder! Lately I’d been feeling unsatisfied with the coverage a regular powder compact gave & was considering going back to liquid foundation, even though I don’t like using them. Enter the NYX Hydra Touch Powder Foundation. This product has changed my life. It’s silk soft, gives a wonderful coverage & finish & is just all round perfect. I’m a perfect match to the shade amber. I used to NYX Matte Lipstick (in Eden) with the NYX Butter Gloss (in Red Velvet). The matte lipstick gives a wonderfully rich pigmentation that’s comfortable to wear & doesn’t slip, while a little bit of the butter gloss (concentrated on the centre of my lips) adds some dimension, making my lips look pouty & full. For my eyes, I used the NYX Jumbo Pencil (in Yoghurt) quite generously – all over my lids, in my inner corner & cupids bow. It added a subtle wash of colour & shimmer. I usually keep my eye makeup very simple & using this just elevated the whole look.  Let me know if you’d like more makeup breakdowns with my personal style posts! x Garnier has just released something really exciting in the world of haircare, & I have all the details. As a blogger, it’s part of my job to know (& try) all new releases in the world of beauty. But I don’t remember the last time I’ve been this excited about a new release in the world of haircare. Garnier recently launched Ultra Blends, their all new range of shampoos & conditioners for different hair types. The new range is called Garnier Ultra Blends, it gets it’s name from the fact that each of the five variants are a blend of different natural ingredients, meant to target different hair issues. Each of the five variants have a shampoo & conditioner, are available in different sizes, paraben free, & very affordably priced!
On launch day, the folks at Garnier had a little space set up in the middle of High Street Phoenix (Lower Parel) that was open to everybody. The whole place had a beautiful evergreen / forest type theme (with so many flowers!) with different sections where you could explore the variants. The bottles are bright & coloured according to the ingredients used. The shampoo bottle lids are on top while the conditioners have lids on the bottom. While using a shampoo, while the effects of it are paramount, the fragrance is really important to me too & all of these smell divine! The Royal Jelly & Lavender as well as the Henna & Blackberry were my favorites in this regard. The bottles are of course a sort of throwback to the legendary Garnier Ultra Doux (raise your hand if you remember that?) & they bring back all sorts of warm & fuzzy 90’s memories. Garnier Ultra Doux was the first ever conditioner available in India!  Shampoo // Conditioner
 Shampoo // Conditioner  Shampoo // Conditioner // Oil Replacement Cream Shampoo // Conditioner  Shampoo // Conditioner I love that they’ve released five variants – this means that whatever your hair concern might be, you’ll find one of them that works great for you!  StalkBuyLove Willis dress // Forever 21 clutch // Apple Watch // Clarks Smart Deva sandals Photos by Harshad Sutar & Kedar Amburle  Dryness has always been my number one concern so I’ve begun using the Mythic Olive – made with virgin olive oil, it’s been formulated to nourish dry & under nourished hair. You can keep up with Garnier India by following them on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. What do you think of the range? Which variant corresponds to your hair concerns the most? Let me know! x Finally embracing the off shoulder trend with this breezy summer dress.      StalkBuyLove Willis Dress // Apple Watch // Clarks Susie Deva sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz at Jakson Inns, Phaltan In a post last month, I discussed how my favorite colour to wear during the daytime in Summer is black & I think that this look just cements it. StalkBuyLove is my go to brand when it comes to trendy & stylish dresses (although they also have cute jumpsuits, co-ords & more!) I know that off-shoulders have been trending for a while & I have finally embraced the trend with this cute black dress. The pompoms add a fun touch to a very breezy summer dress. We photographed this look during my recent weekend trip to Phaltan, Maharashtra (a small town in Satara District, about 110 kms from Pune). We were hosted by Jakson Inns & the garden surrounding the hotel building was the perfect place for a little outfit shoot before we headed for breakfast in Sugarcane fields. Curious to know more? My travel vlog will be live tomorrow morning! x A casual look shot on a sunny morning at one of my favorite places in Delhi.       Forever 21 dress + clutch // Daniel Wellington Classy St Mawes watch // Steve Madden sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz The second personal style post from my trip to Delhi a couple of months ago (the first one is here). I stayed in Hauz Khas Village so the fort was just a two minute walk, a great place to spent some time in the morning before getting some iced chai.
 A slightly gothic day summer day look, photographed in the cute by lanes of Bandra.     Accessorize hat + necklace // Forever 21 tunic dress + bralette // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Clarks Smart Deva sandals on my lips: Colourpop Tulle Photos by Sheila Vaz I know popular wisdom states that you should only wear white or light colours during hot summer days, but I love wearing black anyway. The silhouette & fabric of this dress makes it perfect for summer too. I added minimal monochrome & silver accessories & finished it with a hat (my new BFF, for real). I am ready for a bit of rain though, just saying. Do you guys wear dark colours on summer days? Or do you stick to white & pastels? x How growing older has affected my fashion choices & what luxury means to me.       JDY dress (via Koovs) // Vitasta rupiya clutch // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield watch // Clarks Smart Deva sandals on my lips: Colourpop Ultra Matte in More Better Photos by Sheila Vaz at Chemistry 101 Gastro Bar, Mumbai As I grow older, I find myself trying to buy less & instead invest in better quality pieces that I will be able to use more often in more ways. Luxury means very different things to different people. For me luxury is not about splurging on some big-name European design house with loud branding; a very conformist idea of what luxury fashion is. To me luxury is more about quality products, made by hand that suit my style & I’m also proud to buy local as much as I can (#MakeInIndia & all) I’ve recently come across Delhi based brand Vitasta design that truly fits my definition of luxe! They have a wide selection of good (mostly leather but some handloom too) like bags, clutches, tech & travel accessories in clean, minimal designs. And what can be more luxurious than personalising something with your own initials? That’s why their gifting section is my favorite (monograming is complimentary on all gift shop items – you can thank me later!) If you would like to indulge in yourself or a loved one in a Vitasta piece, you can use the code EXTRA10 for 10% off anything on their website, valid until 5th June. We shot this look at the gorgeous Chemistry 101 Gastrobar, I’ll be showing you more of what I ate + drank in a subsequent post. x  Going back to my fashion roots, (so to speak) with a very retro look!
    Alice’s Pig Simone’s Shamrock dress // Lavie wallet // Daniel Wellington Classy York Lady // Clarks Orla Betty sandals lips: Colourpop Frick n Frack | fingers: Maybelline Superstay Nail Polish ‘Rose Poudre’ | toes: LYN Birds of Grey Photos by Sheila Vaz at The Park, Navi Mumbai One of the main reasons I started the fashion section on Magalic.com was to document my personal style for myself, it’s quite a lot of fun to browse the archives & see how my style has evolved over the years. For some reason this almost feels like a throwback look, I used to be obsessed with vintage styles & here I am with a very 70s inspired look, right from the dress to the funky patent block heels. The dress is from Alice’s Pig, a British label from Brixton in South London (Brixton is also David Bowie’s birthplace). Their outfits are best described as Urban Vintage. While browsing their website, I was instantly drawn to the Susie’s Shamrock dress. The fabric is just perfect for hot summer days when you don’t want to wear heavy clothes. The Shamrock is a classic symbol of luck, so what could be luckier than a dress with hundreds of shamrocks on it? I paired it with my newest shoes, the Clarks Orla Betty (from the Clarks X Orla Kiely collab). Would you believe I was eyeing this pair for around a year? The steep price & the fact that these are patent leather kept me away initially, but as soon as I saw these were on sale, I had to snap them up! As a girl who can’t walk in regular heel shoes, I’ve been obsessed with block heels because they’re so comfortable & easy, I can stand for hours or even run in them. Even though they’re such a statement pair, they go with a lot of outfit in my closet, so I know I’ll get a lot of use out of them. These past few weeks haven’t been my happiest, in fact I’ve just been feeling low & generally bummed out a lot of times. While it’s characteristic of me to mope & feel a bit of self pity during times like this; I didn’t let it drag me down. In fact, I actually was in full beast mode – I decluttered, got a lot of pending work done, got regular with the gym & bought Apple Watch! The latter is to try & track my daily activity & achieve more fitness goals. So I think I’m allowed to pat myself on the back for the way I handled things. I know it’s a slightly vain thing to say, but I think most of us are very hard on ourselves & it doesn’t hurt to be kinder, both to yourself & others! I’ll be doing a little blog post on my Apple Watch soon, so if you have any questions about the device feel free to leave a comment so I can address it in my post. Oh & my Colourpop Makeup Haul will be live really soon on my YouTube Channel! x I attended the first ever Pearl Portfolio Showcase in Mumbai, here are a few highlights from the evening! Pearl Academy is India’s leading private institution for Fashion, Design & Business. Founded in Delhi, they now have three campuses across the country – Delhi, Jaipur & Mumbai. I’ve blogged about visiting the Pearl Academy Mumbai campus & Pearl Academy’s creations at Kala Ghoda Art Festival previously. Portfolio is their annual graduating class showcase, as the Mumbai campus is quite young, this was Pearl Academy Mumbai’s first graduating & hence first Portfolio event in the city too. The event was inaugurated by Shri Shivanand Hulyalkar, Vice Chairperson, Ministry of Textiles, Government of India and fashion designer Nachiket Barve and Vineet Gautam, CEO, Bestseller India were the guests of Honour. The students from Pearl Academy exhibited their projects in an exhibition and grand finale concluded with a fabulous fashion show followed by the award ceremony. The event showcased creative and design acumen of 75 students from various courses with some of the best work being nominated for various awards. I particularly enjoyed the Photography on display (everything from fashion to fine art) as well as the Interior Design & Styling. With over 70 projects at display, the inaugural Portfolio saw some revolutionary ideas in fashion, design and creative business. One student, who worked for the software giant TCS for over 3 years quit her job and joined Pearl Academy and came up with a business plan to create an app to connect volunteers with the elderly who require them. The model based on community based palliative care has been nominated for the prestigious Global James McGuire award. The Fashion Show featured all different kids of lines like casual wear, bridal, maternity, even kids & menswear. The students came up with interesting ideas like a fashion line inspired from planet Mars and sustainable fashion fabrics created from leftover fabrics. Portfolio’16 ended on a high note with an awards ceremony. The winners were thrilled to receive awards from the industry stalwarts present at the event.  These days I’m all about video so I also documented my experience at Pearl Portfolio in a vlog! It’s a great way to see a big of the exhibition & some of my favorite designs from the Fashion Show!
 You can find out more about what Pearl Academy stands for, their faculty & the various courses they offer on their website! x Channeling the beaches of Goa in the urban environs of Mumbai.     109°F dress // Daniel Wellington Classy St Mawes // Forever 21 clutch // Steve Madden sandals on my face: Lakmé Absolute Precision Artist Eye Liner in Blue Sapphire // Lakmé Absolute Illuminating Lip Shimmer in Pink Flash // nails: Lakmé Absolute Gel Stylist in Blue Royale Photos by Sheila Vaz The temperature is soaring here in Mumbai & I was in the mood for something tropical, which is why I wore this dress by 109°F! It would like right at home on the beaches of Goa but it’s still not so casual I can’t wear it for meetings in Mumbai. It’s breezy & sheer, while also being lined, everything I look for in a good summer dress. I paired the dress with Lakmé’s makeup from their latest Illuminate collection. Muggy Indian summers usually make me overdose on all matte makeup & skincare but the illuminate line with jewel toned liners & shimmery lips is really helping me embrace the glow. 109°F recently sent me on a girl’s trip with my friend to Goa, so you can look out for a travel post (+ video!) very soon… x Upping my party look game with this comfortable & easy oxblood jumpsuit.       StalkBuyLove Jolie jumpsuit // Daniel Wellington Classy York Lady watch // Fossil Sydney Crossbody // Clarks Smart Deva block heel sandals on my lips: Urban Decay Mrs Mia Wallace Photos by Sheila Vaz When you think of evening dressing, comfortable isn’t usually the first word that comes to mind. But I like to keep it very simple & chic, which is what attracted me to this beautiful jumpsuit in the first place! I kept the styling very simple, sticking to black & red. We photographed this outfit on the terrace of our lodge in Ooty, & looking at these pictures definitely makes me want to go back! x  History already proved that the little black dress is a must-have in any woman’s wardrobe. Be it long and classy, short and casual, a black dress can save you from any challenging situation when you need to look dazzling, but have little time and ideas to buy or create an appropriate outfit. The black dress is usually associated with black heels and a few pieces of jewelry to turn you into a real carpet diva, and you will never go wrong with this type of attire. Contemporary fashion goes beyond fancy parties and movie premieres when it comes to the ageless little black dress. Women of today wear their black dresses in office environments and casual, street-smart occasions. If you feel your black dress – black heels attire is a bit bland and too demure, we have an offer you can’t refuse: let’s take a look together at four unusual ways to style up a black dress and pull off some amazing outfits to fit any event or occasion. You may have a casual date, or you may be planning a girls’ night out. Think about your little black dress outside the box of fancy events and cocktail parties. A slim fit black dress goes insanely well with a denim jacket and a pair of comfortable colored sneakers to make you look like a fashion icon, no matter what the seasonal fashion trends dictate. The trick here is that you wear timeless pieces that make a killer combo: denim is an evergreen fashion staple while the black dresses and sneakers are ageless. You can rock any late evening dinner with friends and every summer garden party with this attire, looking forever young and fresh. Many consider that hats are a thing of the past, but you’d be surprised how fashionable they are and will be from here on end. A wide rim straw black hat goes great with a black slip dress or a slim fitted one, no matter if you are on vacation or spending a summer day out shopping with your girlfriends. There is something ageless and gorgeous about hats, so if you want to stand out of the crowd, match your little black dress with a straw hat for summer, a boyfriend fedora for a glamorous look in spring and fall or a timeless panama for a romantic and bohemian venture in a new city.  Pearls will never go out of fashion and will always be highly appraised and complimented. Veritable head-turners, pearls make incredible jewelry pieces which beg for black dresses in any lengths and designs. White pearls and black evening gowns make a classic Audrey Hepburn vintage look, but if you want to stand out from the crowd, go at least one step further. Style up your little black dress with a black pearl necklace in white gold finishing, lace and silk gloves, a veiled coil hat or a Victorian-inspired top hat or a corset dress even. You will never look more smashing, and you will never feel more fashionable and elegant. Pearls also make a wise investment, so learn everything you can about them and the hundreds of ways to wear them.  Do you know what is better than a simple black dress? A simple black dress turned fashion statement with the help of flashy jewelry. Pile up bracelets and necklaces, layer up gems, beads, crystals, metals, and stones for a dazzling effect. People may frown upon this look if you feature it during work days, but they will applaud you if you pull it off at parties, social events, club night outs, and hot dates. Stacking up bracelets, rings and necklaces is an art in and out of itself, but you can pick up a few tips here and there to give your little black dress a glamorous kick. The best part of this street-smart, flashy statement attire is that you can sport it during the day, as a casual chic outfit for a sensational shopping session with your girls, and also during the night, as a pair of heels and a black clutch will take you everywhere from concerts to new restaurant openings. Do you have other ideas on how to unusually style up your little black dress? What else do you use together with your black dress to boost your looks and feminine charm? Monochroming in my favorite summer hue, with lots of eye motifs!         Koovs dress // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Lavie Poppins tote bag // Charles & Keith sandals lips: Sugar It’s a Pout Time Vivid lipstick in Coraline in the City Photos by Sheila Vaz It’s about as hot as it can be in Mumbai right now, while the weather is pretty miserable, I love dressing in quintessential summer colours! Here’s a dressy yet playful day look I put together, with the cute Lavie Poppins tote being the center of it all. This is also the first personal style post featuring my new Bowie tribute tattoo. What are you guys doing the beat the heat? For me it’s lots of chai lattes & peach iced teas! x  A laidback summer outfit, with pops of pink & teal!
   Forever 21 slouchy tee // Zara Trafaluc high waist denim shorts // Vitasta Rupiya clutch // Native shoes lips: Sugar Matte as Hell crayon in Mary Poppins (review) // tips: Maybelline Super Stay Nail Polish in Uptown Blue Photos by Sheila Vaz It’s the end of April & we’re really & truly in the middle of summer here. Even though I’m a summer baby (I turned 24 this month, woohoo!) I do have mixed feelings about the season. The afternoons can be unbearable, but it’s also the perfect excuse to have a beachy getaway! I spent a week in Goa with my parents at lovely resort & had a wonderfully laidback week with lots of calamari, beer & of course breezers. It was just what I needed! This outfit is pretty much like my vacation uniform, I’d just probably switch out the tee. Lately I’ve been really into pink – bright pops of fuschia coupled with subtle blush tones. I already espoused on the virtues of these Zara denim shorts in my previous post, so I’m just going to say that this was one of my best purchases ever this season, I’ve worn it countless time & I see myself having it for a few years at least! I’m also so in love with this Vitasta rupiya clutch – it’s handmade, buttery soft leather. I had a hard time choosing which color to go for because there were so many, but in the end I went with teal because it was both a beautiful color & wholly unique. I’m trying to scale down my wardrobe a bit & move towards a minimal wardrobe full of high quality, unique & classic pieces and this is a great first step in that direction. Plus, it feels very good to support talented Indian designers. What’s more, the rupiya clutch is two pieces (you can see the outside clutch here – it’s monogrammed!) so that makes it very versatile. I’m certainly getting this in one or two more colours soon  I finished the look with my newest pair of Native Shoes. Not only are they super cute, they’re perfect for messy roads, rains & puddles! No more worrying about where I step. Absolutely perfect for beach vacations. I’m going to leave you with pictures of pretty yellow flowers & a baby pineapple. Hope you’re having a great week! x
 A very summery outfit amidst 13th century ruins & some ramblings about how it took me three trips to really fall in love with Delhi…         Koovs colour block high neck top // Zara Trafaluc high waist denim shorts // Pepe Jeans customized denim jacket // Accessorize necklace // Timex Weekender wrist watch // Charles & Keith chunky heel sandals lips: Sugar Matte as Hell crayon in Mary Poppins (review) // tips: Maybelline Super Stay Nail Polish in Uptown Blue Photos by Sheila Vaz If you follow me on instagram (@magali_c), you’ll know I was in Delhi for a few days in early April! It was not my first time there… I first visited in 2012 (& did quite a few blog posts about it too). My second was in 2014 & I spent all the 30 hours I was there holed up in the hotel, training for my ramp walk (so it hardly counts, right?) Though my first visit was with family, I still felt sort of hesitant? fearful? It’s a bit difficult to put into words really. I got a feel for the place, we explored the area but I didn’t feel very at home in the posh GK II area (although it was very safe!) When I got the chance to visit Delhi again, I wanted to do it right. I booked an unconventional space in Hauz Khas Village, a very messy but upscale hipster-chic neighbourhood, that I had loved on my first visit to Delhi. My airbnb was a converted loft with a two floor walk up on a spiral staircase just above an eco-shop & even though it was bit of a dump (just being honest!) & the climb up & down became infinitely more difficult after I sprained my ankle in the HKV parking lot, I loved every bit of it. I loved that our room has character. I loved exploring what seemed like hundreds of restauarants, cafés & bars crammed into the tiny HKV (we only got to go to around five or six, I think!) I love travelling with mom – we ate (a lot), we shopped (not that much) & we explored a bit around Delhi too, although I would’ve been pretty content to spend all my time in the village too. I was nervous about the heat but even though it was a couple of degrees hotter than Mumbai, I found Delhi’s dry heat much easier to bear than Mumbai’s crazy humid weather. I have two vlogs from Delhi, the first of which will be up on my YouTube channel this Thursday – but all in all it was an incredibly positive experience & I’m looking forward to planning my next visit to the Capital, next time I have to go in winter & experience the famous Dilli ki Sardi! While Hauz Khas Village was developed in the 80s, at the heart of it all lies the historic Hauz Khas Complex – a water tank, mosque & madrasa (a place of learning / university of sorts). It was a 200m walk from where we stayed & was wonderfully peaceful, especially in the mornings – the perfect backdrop to shoot a few pictures of this outfit. Koovs is one of my favorite places to shop & I’ve been going crazy over their new collection, placing a new order every week or so (I have one on the way as I type!) Longtime readers of this blog might remember that it was once very nautical, so it was no surprise that I was instantly attracted to this top – they even have a very similar dress that I’m still procrastinating about getting. When Mumbai transitioned from spring to summer (just before my Goa vacation) I realized that I didn’t have a nice pair of denim shorts & aimed to rectify that immediately. Luckily I chanced upon the perfect one in Zara – clean looking (no lace or distressing for me, thank you!) with a high waist, it ticked all my boxes. And finally one of my most favorite new pieces has been this denim jacket from Pepe Jeans, customized at their #PepeJeansCustomStudio & excitedly documented in this vlog. You can buy any piece of denim from their store & get it studded distressed, painted or (my favorite!) laser printed at a very affordable price! Even though I saw this done right in front of me it still feels sort of magical, you know? I knew my jacket had to be a Bowie tribute, I chose to get this iconic Aladdin Sane image laser printed, with the red & blue hand painted on. Other than that I kept it incredibly minimal with just a few studs on the collar. I completed the look with my hot pink Sugar lipsticks, it’s my so-to lip colour this season! I’ve been reaching for it almost every time & I always get questions about it on instagram. I did a detailed review on the range here, so do check it out if you haven’t already! I think this is one of my favorite summer personal style posts ever & possibly the most I’ve ever blabbed in one of them too! How’s your day going? Is it hot where you live? PLEASE share with me how you stay cool (other than gulping copious amounts of iced tea & coffee) because I feel like a human popsicle! x  Recently I’ve been talking about lingerie & inner wear a lot, especially on YouTube – firstly because I love buying lingerie, but more importantly because I feel like there’s a dearth of real information when it comes to the same. Founded in Japan but available worldwide, Wacoal is known for creating lingerie that offers superior fit & craftsmanship. They recently entered India & currently have two stores in Mumbai (Phoenix Mills, Lower Parel & Infiniti Mall, Malad). When they invited me to visit their store & pick something out I did a little jump for joy.  I’m wearing a Wacoal Bra with a Zara Shirt, Topshop Jamie Jeans, Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady & Vitasta teal leather clutch I left with two bras, but of course the green one (pictured above & below) is my favorite – it’s so luxurious & visually intricate, completely unlike anything I’ve ever owned before! I also picked up a delicate lace bralette, my favorite kind of thing for daily wear. I also made a video where I talk about my experience at the store, Wacoal’s collection & what I bought in a lot more detail, more information about pricing can be found on the video page.      I hope you enjoyed this – If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask! x     I’ve never been much of a dress wearer but I’m trying to step out of my comfort zone & change that. Here’s a lookbook featuring six different dresses – from casual & boho to party ready. I shot this with mom in early December while in Goa & I really love how it turned out! For outfit details, please visit the video page. Hope you like it! x All about the AJIO #DoubtIsOut show at Lakmé Fashion Week!
 
 Earlier today was a show simply billed as #DoubtIsOut at Lakmé Fashion Week. Anticipation was super high especially after yesterday’s flash mob. Turns out it was the to introduce AJIO.COM, a new online fashion & style destination by Reliance Retail. AJIO (ajio.com – pronounced ‘aa-jio’ / ‘आ-जीओ’), the online fashion and style destination of Reliance Retail, was unveiled with a preview at the country’s leading fashion event, Lakme Fashion Week Summer / Resort 2016. AJIO brought in exceptional women achievers from unique genres as showstoppers who epitomize the ‘Doubt is Out’ movement. AJIO also presented the unique & innovative concept of ‘Shop-able Runway’ at the show. The ‘AJIO Shop-able Runway’ offered an instant shopping option to audiences for the outfits showcased on the ramp. On clicking the link, www.bit.ly/ajio_lfw, users could directly reach the shopping section for the specific outfits on AJIO’s website. The show was streamed live in order to reach out to fashionistas across the country. The AJIO made a statement at LFW with its #‘Doubt is Out’ campaign, which appeals to the woman who is empowered, who knows what she wants to be, and is confident in being who she is. With its ‘Doubt is Out’ Campaign, AJIO encourages fearless fashion.
I know that I’ve faced a lot of self doubt in my life & still do to an extent. Everyone has different personalities & I can be reserved, shy & pretty socially awkward – they don’t seem like idea traits for a blogger + vlogger right, since a large part of my work includes making (parts of) my life public & creating digital content that is consumed by thousand of people daily, mostly strangers. So yes, I doubt myself often. So I don’t think my personal strength lies in completely eliminating self doubt – to me it lies in feeling doubt & still pushing past it, ignoring it & moving forward. As a child or teen, I was bullied & called names for not liking things everyone else seemed to & having my own unique interests, dressing in a style that appealed to me even if it wasn’t based on current trends. Growing older, starting this blog & expanding my horizons has made me much more comfortable with marching to the beat of my own drum, so that’s why I felt so strongly attracted to AJIO’s message of Doubt Is Out.  Laxmi Narayan Tripathi, the transgender activist, walked the ramp to ‘Gender no bar’. This was one of my favorite parts of the show, because I’m very drawn to androgynous fashion!  The first Indian woman to fly an MIG fighter jet, Suman Sharma, walked the ramp for ‘Career no bar’. The bubbly Bharti Singh, known for her stand-up comedy on reality shows, walked the ramp effortlessly to ‘Size no bar’  The original Bollywood ‘item girl’ Helen walked danced down the ramp, demonstrating ‘Age no bar’ & driving the audience mad! I loved her energy. The gorgeous Sunny Leone closed the show with ‘Choice No Bar’ The AJIO Doubt Is Out show was one of the more unique shows I’ve seen in a while. It was of course about the gorgeous clothes but went beyond that & sent out a powerful message, a reminder that I’m sure all of us can use! AJIO online store will feature a collection of over 200 international and national brands as well as own-brand merchandise comprising apparels, lingerie, shoes, accessories, and jewellery. You can check out the website here (& shop too!) x Have you ever let (self) doubt rule your life, or dictate what you can & cannot do? Then this is definitely for you.  As you must know if you follow me on instagram (@magali_c) I’ve been spending the last few days at Lakmé Fashion Week living & breathing all things fashion & beauty. Stay tuned because I’ll be sharing a lot of the highlights here. Along with the shows happening at Lakmé Fashion Week, there were a lot of stalls & installations there too. One thing that got a lot of attention was the Doubt Is Out wall. The premise is really simple – Two sides of a mostly blank wall, with people getting to choose what is in & what is out from things like Netflix, hook ups, Game of Thrones, Nationalism & more…
Earlier today at LFW we were told that something is going to happen at the Doubt Is Out wall. With no further information, me & a few blogger friends assembled there & witnessed the #DoubtIsOut flash mob. It was short & energetic & ended with the announcement of the show happening tomorrow at 3 PM. It was fun to watch & I can’t wait to know more tomorrow… x     It’s that time of the month where I sit down & talk about a few things I absolutely loved in that particular month. I filmed my March Favorites in Goa & talked about some things I loved. It’s quite a mixed bag with some skincare, makeup & of course fashion! → The Body Shop Spa of the World Hawaiian Kukui Cream → Maybelline Super Stay 7 Days Nail Polish ‘Uptown Blue’ → Miss Claire Soft Matte Lip Cream 08 → Sugar Cosmetics Matte As Hell Lip Crayon ‘Mary Poppins’ → Sugar Cosmetics Eye Told You So Liquid Liner → Native Jericho Boat Shoes (few sizes on SALE) → Forever 21 Hair Ties You can find more details (including prices) on the video page. I did a review video on the Sugar Cosmetics Matte As Hell Lip Crayons & liner / kajal recently which you can watch here (proper blog post about it coming soon!) You can binge watch all my monthly favorite videos here. This month was special for me because I just hit 3,000 subscribers on YouTube. Thanks for everyone who made that possible. Don’t forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel – I have lots of great stuff coming up. Now who’s excited for April? x 
 Trying the Lingerie as Outerwear trend & chatting a bit about my self love journey… Featured: Penny Longline Bralette // Topshop Jamie Jeans // Marks & Spencer Longline Cardigan // Urban Decay Mrs Mia Wallace lipstick // Eye Got Blue iPhone 6 Plus case I’ve featured lingerie here before, but not like this. I’ve always wanted to do a personal style post like this but you know what stopped me? The fact that I have put on a few kilos in the last couple of years & I wasn’t feeling too comfortable with my own body, forget about actually putting it out on the internet for everyone too see. You see, as young girls we are taught from the very beginning to hate our bodies & only really notice flaws. I grew up extremely skinny. I was called names by classmates, & random aunties thought it was appropriate to say I’m too thin or ask openly whether my parents aren’t feeding me. I didn’t feel at home in my body then either, but over the years I began to accept it & be a bit more body confident. You can see my first personal style post on this blog here – it’s five an a half years old! My thinness was a part of my identity, much like unruly dark hair & the mole on my collarbone. But ever since I got done with college & got into a more sedentary lifestyle, I’ve put on weight. It’s a very common thing to happen & I’ve seen many classmates go through the same. It was kind of weird to deal with at first! I embraced the pros of being ever so slightly heavier like being able to get clothing that fits well everywhere, not floating in the smallest size dress & more. The cons? (according to me at least!) include no longer being able to wear bodycon dress because I don’t work out & don’t have a flat tummy. I even bought my first shape wear. But I think now I finally understand the concept of self love a bit better. Although being fit & toned & most importantly strong is something I would like to work towards, I cannot love my body & self completely if I only love it when it looks a certain way. I don’t know exactly when that thought popped into my head but it felt like a personal epiphany of sorts. So it was quite the journey but I think I’m comfortable with my body in whatever shape it is right now. It’s not like I don’t have off days but at the end of the day I still feel like I’m getting somewhere. Why did I write so much for a personal style post? Because I believe self acceptance & love is a (difficult) process. If you want to be comfortable with your body, you have to work towards it. For me, this post is quite a big step & I felt like I should discuss a little bit.  These photos were taken on my recent trip to Ooty. I’ve been pretty obsessed with bralettes over conventional bras lately, they’re so much more comfortable & great for layering too. Lace bralettes have been very ‘in’ internationally for quite a while , but I couldn’t find any cute ones available in India, until now. I was quite excited when I found this online & at quite a reasonable price. I went with my usual favorite, black; but there were also gorgeous crimson & purple ones. For any stylish aspiring models out there, the addition of the Penny Longline Bralette is perfect for your lingerie modelling shoots! I decided to try the whole lingerie as outerwear trend, if you a layer a lace bralette with a cardigan or blazer, it becomes surprisingly wearable I think!  Also, I felt like I should mention that I’ll be discussing lingerie a lot more here – it’s something I really love & I don’t know why I was feeling weird about putting it on Magalic.com! Hope you have a good weekend. x 
 A light & breezy pastel look, perfect for spring!        Chumbak tshirt // Levi’s 721 high rise skinny jeans // Accessorize Scarf // DKNY watch // Accessorize Envelope Sling // Vans x Disney minnie mouse slip ons Photographs by Sheila Vaz   It’s been a while since I shared a personal style post on here. Lately I’ve been crushing on pastels especially peach / blush tones. This is the perfect casual outfit for this time of the year, comfy & cute! Works for everything from lunch dates or hectic shopping trips. The Levi’s 721 are certainly one of my favorite purchases of the last year. High waist jeans are both on trend & incredibly flattering. I upsized with this one & it’s the comfiest ever. Also, this is probably my last post with red hair… more details soon. Hope you’re having a good Sunday! x  Talking about my reading journey, new-found love for Audiobooks & Celebrity Memoirs along with mini reviews of some of some of my recent favorites & details on how you can try two for free! This is one of those posts that I’ve been meaning to write for months but somehow didn’t get around to it. As a kid & tween – I read books. A lot of books. Anything I could get my hands on, I read. Storybooks, novels, anthologies, fiction, non fiction & everything in between. I frequented the school library, bought second hand & borrowed. Some of my first income as a teenager was spent buying books, I have some very special memories associated with those. But somewhere in my late teens, I found myself still buying new books at the same pace, but falling behind when it came to actually reading them. This was difficult to cope with at first – reading had been such a huge part of my identity growing up (I’m pretty sure one of my first facebook profile picture had me sitting with a Mary Higgins Clark novel – over 7 years ago!) I soon came to the conclusion that I had burnt myself out, what with college, running this blog & more. I read a lot online & so it was difficult to find the time & motivation to curl up with a book – I knew I would get back there in my own time. Buying books wasn’t helping the clutter situation in my room too much, so I stopped. In the interim, I’ve been trying newer forms electronic forms of consuming the written word, including a Kindle (I love my paperwhite!) & Audiobooks. This is not a debate about which form is better than the other – books will always have their irreplaceable charm, but electronic alternatives are sustainable – easier to carry (daily or while travelling – I don’t miss weighing my vacation bags down with 3 or 4 paperbacks), space saving in apartments & of course more eco friendly. This post is purely to share why I’ve been loving audiobooks so much & how I like listening to them. I didn’t think I would ever seriously consider audiobooks for myself – I always imagined them as many CD packs & in my head they were only for long drives or sight impaired people. I couldn’t possibly fathom why I would ever choose being read to over reading something myself, at my own pace (usually very fast, I speed read most of the time).  Then one of my favorite YouTubers suggested Audible & I decided to sign up for their free trial, figuring I had absolutely nothing to loose. Fast forward a year & a half later & I almost can’t imagine my life without Audible!  Audible comes in the form of a handy iOS app (it’s available for Android too, obviously) & I enjoy listening to Audiobooks on with my Sudio Earphones. Sudio is a Swedish company than makes beautiful earphones for your tech. I’d almost given up on earphones because they tend to hurt (was sticking to headphones only) until the Sudio Klang came into my life. These earphones ooze luxury (I know that sounds corny but I couldn’t think of a better way to describe it!) The box that it came in was so utterly gorgeous, & it the earphones are perfectly designed. Earphones are nifty, but tend to look a bit too loud or cheap quite often. In stark contrast to that, Sudio Klang wouldn’t look out of place with even black tie attire, & comes in it’s own über stylish leather pouch. As I mentioned above, I couldn’t understand what audiobooks had to offer, why I would choose them over reading. Turns out, being read to is incredibly soothing. Sometimes when I’ve been staring at a screen the whole day, I don’t feel like picking up & staring at a book. So I can turn out the lights, rest my eyes & just listen. It is also particularly awesome during long journeys, when reading books isn’t recommended because of the vehicle shaking (or at least that’s what my mom always told me). I love plugging my years in, listening to an interesting book while watching the trees pass by my window. In fact, I finished three or four audiobooks in December itself, during the slower moments of a trip to Goa.  Do you want to know another area where Audible really shines? Celebrity memoirs. I’m obsessed with popular culture (especially television!) & listening to a celebrity read this own writing feels both very entertaining & personal. So I thought I’d give mini reviews of a few audiobooks I’ve read listened to since I got an Audible account. When I was thinking of what books to start with, I’m proud to say that I turned to my comedy / feminist idols first. This was supposed to be one of the greatest comedian memoirs of all time, the one all books have since tried to emulate. Tina Fey reads this one excellently (she was nominated for a Grammy for Best Spoken Word Album for her narration). She talks about everything from Second City, Upright Citizens Brigade, Saturday Night Live & of course 30 Rock. My two favorite parts of the book are Chapter 15 – I Don’t Care If You Like It (described by her as one in a series of love letters to Amy Poehler) & Chapter 25 – What Should I Do With My Last 5 Minutes? (the final one) where she lays down the truth about why female comedians are often branded as crazy- “I have a suspicion – and hear me out, ’cause this is a rough one – I have a suspicion that the definition of “crazy” in show business is a woman who keeps talking even after no one wants to fuck her anymore. The only person I can think of that has escaped the “crazy” moniker is Betty White, which, obviously, is because people still want to have sex with her.” – Tina Fey, Bossypants I found myself nodding along throughout, & I was reminded of it when I watched the Last Fuckable Day Sketch on Inside Amy Schumer with Tina Fey, Patricia Arquette & Julia Louis Dreyfuss. It’s NSFW (language!) like most of Inside Amy Schumer but easily one of her finest sketches ever. In short, I think this was a brilliant first audiobook for me to start with & needless to say I definitely recommend it. I can honestly say that I have anticipated the release of a book more than Yes Please. I squealed out loud when the news first broke that Amy was writing a book, which was probably only topped by how loud I screamed when the cover was released. This is the only audiobook I’ve ever preordered, on the first day it became available to pre order! So yes, I’ve taken up four lines of my mini review just to tell you how much I looked forward to it, but I feel like it’s relevant. Yes Please didn’t disappoint one bit. I could have easily finished it in a day, but I chose to stretch it over four months because I didn’t want it to be over. Amy was adamant about the fact that she didn’t want to do a traditional tell all autobiography, instead Yes Please is a collection of stories about her life, youth, relationships, friendships, even sex & drugs. She’s funny, self deprecating & brutally honest. She doesn’t dish dirt about the low moments in her life like her divorce & even said that she doesn’t like people knowing her shit. She just described it as too personal & too sad. I loved learning about her childhood & early twenties, it just made me love her even more as a person. At this point I should let you know that I am notoriously bad at writing coherently or objectively about things that mean a lot to me (which is why I still haven’t written a tribute post to David Bowie, neither do I intend to) but Yes Please was one of the most poignant pieces of writing I have ever read. Never has any book made me laugh & cry as much, & I would heartily recommend this book to every living being. When I read that the Yes Please (paper) book was going to have drawings, I wondered if I was missing out by getting the audiobook. But I think that other than being wonderfully written, this was one of the best produced audiobooks I’ve had the pleasure of listening to, there are parts read by Carol Burnett, Seth Meyers, Mike Schur, Eileen Poehler & William Poehler (her parents!), Patrick Stewart & Kathleen Turner. The last chapter is also read in front of a live audience. Amy was also nominated for a spoken word Grammy for the audiobook this year. I feel like I should also mention that she has an entire chapter dedicated to Tina Fey as well, because those two are #FriendshipGoals all the way (& the only reason I watched the Golden Globes for three years!) This book is kind of special for me because it was the first international book I bought (way back in 2010! I even blogged about it) so I pondered for a while about whether I needed the audiobook as well. But I’m glad I bought it. Bruce Campbell has an iconic voice & this is wonderful to listen to. I always crack up at the part where he describes how he got his scar- “There is an L-shaped scar on the left side of my chin. People always ask me how I got it and I’ve told them everything from “One dark night in Bombay,” to “A scuffle with bad, bad, Leroy Brown …” In actuality, it came about because I was a fearless kid. I played outside a great deal of the time, in any weather and in suburban Detroit, Michigan, that’s saying something. In this age where laser surgery rushes to correct every imperfection, I’m not going to touch that scar—it reminds me of too much fun.” – Bruce Campbell, If Chins Could Kill As the audiobook was published twelve years after the paper one, Bruce gives little asides & updated throughout, which really adds to the experience. I think I’ll wrap up the reviews, because I’ve been listening a lot & this could go on forever. Maybe I could do a part 2 soon? So with Audible, you can either buy books a la carte or sign up for a membership. The Gold Membership costs $14.95 a month, wherein you get one credit which is redeemable for one audiobook & a 30% discount on any a la carte purchases while you’re a member. The best part? Audible offers a no obligations 30 day free trial, with two free audiobooks. You can sign up here if you’d like to try it. You will need to have a card on file (if you have an Amazon India account, the same login details work!) & if you cancel before the month ends, you don’t have to pay a cent & still get to keep the audiobooks you chose. Happy listening! x 
 A few photos from a lovely evening at Benaulim Beach, Goa.        Koovs sun dress // Forever 21 denim clutch // Steve Madden Marsh sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz There’s nothing nicer than spending a winter evening at the beach in Goa, watching the sun go down. Seriously, it’s my happy place. We shot this look on my last famjily vacation to Goa and I can’t wait to be back in Goa soon! x This Valentine’s Day I’ve teamed up with Asus to show you two different Valentine’s Date looks while also sharing a fresh gifting ideas for your significant other so you can avoid the dreaded Same Gift Syndrome!  Being a full time blogger & vlogger, part of my job description is to always be connected. I check & update my social media multiple times a day, whether it’s facebook, twitter or instagram. For the last few weeks I’ve been using the Asus Zenpad 7. The size of the Zenpad is perfect for someone who’s on the move a lot, it’s bigger than my phone & to make usage more comfortable – whether I’m emailing, checking social media & yet it is small enough to fit in almost any bag. It’s internal storage can be upgraded up to 128BG (great to store pictures & share them with friends!) & the body looks incredibly stylish!  While the Zenpad doesn’t replace my phone, it makes taking flights or even getting stuck in Mumbai traffic infinitely more bearable, pleasurable even! The battery life of the Zenpad is great, but add the audio cover & it becomes even better! I especially love using this when I haven’t turned on my computer, but am just lounging around. I can catch up on YouTube viewing & binge on Netflix, & at the same time switch to social media or email with a few quick taps of my finger. It has an Intel Atom Quad Core 64bit micro processor, that supports even the most heavy games (even 3d enabled ones!) with skipping a beat. The Audio Cover also makes it easy to watch videos & experience great sound on a tablet without using headphones or separate Bluetooth speakers & also adds to the luxury feel of the Zenpad with minimal bulk. To me the Zenpad brings out my love for fashion & tech!         With Valentine’s Day very close, I’m sure a lot of you guys must be searching for last minute gifts for your significant others. The fact is, a lot of guys experience Same Gift Syndrome at this time of the year – you know, that thing when you want to gift your girlfriend something nice but end up getting her the clichéd gifts like flowers, chocolates, a card, cake & a stuffed animal? Break out of that gifting rut & get her a Zenpad! Asus has highlighted it wonderfully in this fun video! Technology is the perfect gift for the modern woman, & the Zenpad is both stylish & smart! I’ve styled the Zenpad with two looks here, one casual & summery, great for a lunch date & the other is more formal & truly captures the spirit of Valentine’s Day. Which one do you like better? x {Outfit 1 | ONLY Tshirt // Topshop Jamie Jeans // Steve Madden Marsh Sandals // Fossil Sydney Crossbody bag} {Outfit 2 | StalkBuyLove dress // Clarks Smart Deva sandals} Photos by Sheila Vaz. The one in which I discover Topshop aka my new favorite high street clothing brand, all thanks to Jabong!      Topshop tie back maxi dress (from Jabong) // Daniel Wellington Classy St Mawes watch // Accessorize Envelope Sling // Steve Madden Marsh Sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz Jabong has always been one of my favorite places to shop for clothing & accessories, & now a couple of months ago they’ve launched coveted British high street brands Topshop & Topman in India exclusively online. The Topshop collection is said to encapsulate a bohemian, 70s-inspired mood and features laid-back, effortless pieces in an array of autumnal colours and floral motifs across clothing, shoes; basically very me! You might have already seen this look in my Autumn Lookbook. It features one of my favorite pieces from the collection. I’ve also fallen in love with their excellent range of denims & bought three pairs all in the last 30 days (I am after all a ‘jeans person‘). I’ve always been familiar with their collections thanks to following a lot of UK fashion YouTubers & getting easy access to their stuff now couldn’t make me happier! x   FlightHub knows what it’s like to be on the go: from airports to cities and back around again, how to manage to keep your look while still looking fresh on the road? FlightHub Review presents our Must-Pack guide to keeping you looking good wherever you go! Keeping your wardrobe basic in color and shades is an easy way to recycle looks without drawing too much attention to the fact that you’ve work the same jeans for the last 3 days. The effortless style that it takes to maintain this look is easy for anyone traveling with packing limitations. Greys, black or whites are always good options, but if you’re feeling for colors, then navy and cream also work well when thinking of long-term travel packing. Layering your outfits is an effortless way to keep it chic while keeping you warm and travel bag lightweight. Bringing longer cardigans, tank tops and other options with you is a great way to keep some versatility in your travel wardrobe. Whatever you choose as this piece make sure you only bring one of it. Whether they’re statement jewelry or a fancy blazer, this is the piece that’ll differentiate day from nightwear and will spruce up any outfit. FlightHub believes that having a piece like this packed with you is essential, as you never know if or when you need to spruce things up! Choosing between your footwear can always be a challenge: you need to keep space in your bag for clothes and toiletries, plus shoes are heavy! But each look might need different footwear, from runners to flats, or even boots. FlightHub suggests thinking ahead about outfit coordination and pack only the shoes that are comfortable and versatile! How can you say no to this comfort object? A scarf is a great way to accentuate any outfit while keeping your warm and fashionable! Scarfs are also an easy way to cover up an outfit should you find yourself in a religious site or an area that keeps This one is a no-brainer for FlightHub: the perfect LBD, though some claim it to be mythical, is a travel-must. The black dress should go seamlessly from day to night wear. The black dress is good for any occasion and will keep you looking stylish no matter where you go. This one comes down to personal preference, but FlightHub suggests picking your most versatile pair of ankle pants or maxi skirt and bringing it with you, wherever you go. These items are easy to match and aren’t typically bulgy, which makes for a sleek and stylish look. If the weather is warm, perhaps opt for the skirt. Illustration by Cindy Mongomini The first personal style post of twenty sixteen & a little chat about the year that went by.    Catwalk 88 V-Back tunic (from Koovs) // Levi’s 721 high rise skinny jeans // Clarks Ski Tropical sandals // Amano crossbody saddle bag (from Auroville) // Skagen Klassik watch // Dragon necklace (from Goa) L’Oreal lipstick | Nails by Jean Claude Biguine Photos by Sheila Vaz Here’s a look from a little while ago that somehow remained in my drafts folder for a bit. This was the day I got my hair colored with TIGI Copyright Color by Aleisha Keswani (I even vlogged the experience). I wanted to wait a bit before I talked about the color because some colors can look fabulous the day it’s done but not so great a couple of washes later. But this has been the best experience by far, in large part due to Aleisha’s skill. Red is a notorious color to tackle because it can fade really quickly but two months down the line it’s still vibrant & better still blends so well with my natural hair that I don’t have to run & get my roots done if I don’t want to. As a teenager I was quite fascinated by goth style & the subculture as a whole, this is like my very own modern goth look. I had planned a few end of the year posts, but then I went to Sunburn & didn’t really get the chance to write them. It was such a last minute trip wherein I actually started packing on Christmas & left the next day. It was really exciting & I’ll have a more detailed post about the experience very soon. I got back home on the 31st & spent a wonderfully low key New Year’s Eve with my parents & cat, just watching Netflix & catching upon lost sleep. 2015 was a magical year wherein I worked very hard, travelled a lot, cemented great friendships. It truly was one of my best years as an adult & I’m really looking forward to everything 2016 has in store for me. January is such a special month for me for many, many reasons. I won’t really get into it now but look forward to a big announcement & lots of exciting stuff on my YouTube channel throughout the month. Cheers! x 
 A very Christmassy look…      StalkBuyLove ombré betty dress // Swarovski stardust red double bracelet // Jord Cora purple heart wood watch // Accessorize Envelope Sling // Clarks Smart Deva sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz   You know that thing that happens when you see a dress that looks beautiful online, & you buy it but it looks like crap on you? The exact opposite happened with this dress. I own a lot of pieces from StalkBuyLove but this might be my favorite yet. The color is so perfect for Christmas celebrations, even if it’s a bit on the nose. I paired it with some matchy wrist accessories, nude sandals & a clutch & of course a good red lipstick & I was good to go. This is one of the five outfits that featured in my Autumn Dress Lookbook, have you seen it yet? Don’t forget that my huge Christmas gifting + giveaway video with The Body Shop ends at 8 PM tonight (& I’ll draw the three winners at 10!) And last but not least, Merry Christmas Eve! x If you follow me on instagram or twitter (I’m @magali_c on both!) you’ll know that I spent my Sunday at Enchanted Valley Carnival (EVC), a music festival at Aamby Valley City near Pune – I’ve already shared a few photos from the day. While there, I got to hang out at the Amazon Fashion SOS bus that was spending the day at the festival, serious perks of being a POPxo Blog Network member! Before we move on, let me tell you a little bit about the bus. You must’ve heard of Amazon’s latest campaign, Kya Pehnu. It’s so relatable because I think every single one of us must have asked ourselves What to Wear? at some point or the other. To further help you with all your fashion dilemmas,  Amazon came up with the on-call Amazon Fashion bus in three metros Bangalore, Mumbai and Delhi. You could enter a radio contest on Fever 104 FM & lucky winners would get makeovers, get to keep the clothes they are styled in & also win vouchers! Not to mention, you would get fashion advise from the Amazon Fashion Squad Members themselves – Mandira Bedi, Milind Soman, Narendra Kumar, Miss Malini and Ayushmann Khuranna. The Mumbai bus was at EVC on Sunday. It was ridiculously plush & air conditioned, so nice to get out of the sun for a bit. It had a comfortable living area & the bedroom was filled with clothes & shoes available at Amazon.in/Fashion that would be given out to a few lucky folks. Is this how the stars travel? I could happily live in that bus!I was at EVC since morning & by the time the bus arrived in the afternoon I was a mess. Frizzy hair, greasy face, smudged kaajal, the works. OK so when at a music festival I care about the music more than how I look, but I certainly wouldn’t want to be seen or recognised by people looking like that! So first the hairstylist fixed up my hair by ironing it. I was at EVC since morning & by the time the bus arrived in the afternoon I was a mess. Frizzy hair, greasy face, smudged kaajal, the works. OK so when at a music festival I care about the music more than how I look, but I certainly wouldn’t want to be seen or recognised by people looking like that! So first the hairstylist fixed up my hair by ironing it. MissMalini was the fashion squad member at EVC (also Narendra Kumar was there for fashion). The makeup artist sprucing me up. She just neatened up all my smudgy makeup & gave me a bold lipThe makeup artist sprucing me up. She just neatened up all my smudgy makeup & gave me a bold lip.  The makeup artist sprucing me up. She just neatened up all my smudgy makeup & gave me a bold lip.All dolled up outside the Amazon Fashion SOS bus! Photos by Bharat Joshi Spending time at the bus was a great pick-me-up during an exciting & exhausting day at EVC. I’m really hope the concept catches on; I’m going to be very disappointed if the next festival I attend doesn’t have a bus like this – Amazon, are you listening? With winter comes the festival & party seasons. It’s my favorite time of the year hands down, so I thought I’d share an understated daytime look, great for day / outdoor parties & even weddings. It’s comfortable, bohemian but still glam. Don’t forget to scroll down to see the Get Ready With Me video where I showed you how I achieved this makeup & hair, from start to finish – it’s really easy!     Label by Ritu Kumar dress // Daniel Wellington Classy St Mawes watch // Fossil Sydney Crossbody bag// Steve Madden Marsh sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz This is possibly one of my favorite personal style posts of all time, because it’s understated yet glamorous. When I saw this dress at the Label store, I knew I couldn’t leave without buying it. I paired it with red & gold accents to go with the neckline detailing. I’ve been using this Fossil bag to death, because the fact that I can use it with or without straps just makes it very versatile. And it’s small enough to look elegant for parties but still deceptively roomy so it fits everything I need.      Here’s the Get Ready With Me video (GRWM in YouTube slang, haha!) that I filmed with this look. It’s basically just my everyday makeup with a few additions to make the look party ready. It doesn’t need a ton of items too & should be very easy for anyone to do, even beginners! x As I head out to my first ever music festival this year (yay!) I’m giving you a little preview of a typical outfit I’d wear at one.   Forever 21 tshirt dress // Levi’s western shirt // bhane. necklace // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // North Star (by Bata) sneakers Photos by Sheila Vaz   December is my favorite month of the year because along with Christmas & the promise of a New Year, it brings with it a lot of music festivals! In just a few days I’ll be attending Bacardi Enchanted Valley Carnival & I’m so pumped about it! I put together this look is perfect for any festivals you might attend. A tomboyish tshirt dress which is just the perfect length, sneakers for all the walking, standing & dancing you’ll be doing, minimal accessories & of course a nice denim shirt to layer during chillier evening. Throw on a roomy tote or backpack & my festival look is done! Which festivals will you be attending this season? Most of my Pondicherry outfits were super casual & breezy but some occasions demand something a little bit dressier!   StalkBuyLove Jumpsuit // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady // Clarks Romantic Moon Sandals Photographs by Sheila Vaz This StalkBuyLove indigo jumpsuit is the perfect piece to carry on your next vacation when you need something a little more put together than jeans or a sundress but still want it to be light & comfortable. Don’t love the color on this one? It also comes in blue ombre, sky blue, rose pink, khaki / nude & mint (cropped)… Whew! I paired it with my Clarks sandals that got so much of use on my vacation in Pondicherry. I love the minimal design, plus they’re ridiculously versatile & pair easily with almost everything. We found this lovely little whitewashed staircase in our guesthouse in Pondy, the perfect place to quickly snap pictures before an evening out. More of my trip adventures coming soon! x United Colors of Benetton or UCB for short has always been one of my favorite high street brands. In fact, my mom bought me my first hoodie from there & it was the perfect blend of style & comfort, I wore it so much on cold winter mornings! As part of the POPxo Blog Network I recently had the chance to to style some pieces from their Autumn Winter collection. There was a lot to choose from- dresses & knits with fun prints not to mention their signature denims. I also loved the wide range of bags & clutches they had as well as canvas smoking slippers in almost every color. I was a jeans & tshirt girl for years, although I can never stay long without a good pair of skinnies I find myself wearing dresses all the time. So I put together two looks featuring UCB dresses.  United Colors of Benetton breton stripe dress // Ray-Ban Clubmasters // Daniel Wellington Classy St Mawes watch // Fossil Sydney crossbody (scarlet) // Clarks Smart Dewa sandals If there’s one trend I can never get enough it’s anything nautical. UCB had a few things with anchor motifs on them but I finally settled on this breton stripe dress (because I have a million breton tops). I kept the look very minimal with a pop of red, it felt like something Audrey Tatou or Brigitte Bardot would wear on a lunch date or picnic.                    United Colors of Benetton shift dress // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield watch // Amano wallet // Clarks Romantic Moon sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz For my second look from UCB I chose this silky abstract print shift dress & paired it with flat sandals. To me it’s the perfect evening / party look that enables you to stay comfortable too. The print on the dress is quite bold so I opted to keep accessories to the bare minimum, with a bold lip of course! I loved the United Colors of Benetton AW 2015 collection because it had a lot of variety; was fashion forward & yet really comfortable. From basics to prints, they had it all! It was a lot of fun styling these two looks, which one did you like better? x It all started with one beautiful video & I was soon discovering the Label by Ritu Kumar collection for myself!   Label by Ritu Kumar crepe silk gown // Daniel Wellington Classy St Mawes watch // Fossil Sydney crossbody (scarlet) // Clarks Ski Tropical sandals Photos by Sheila Vaz I’m someone who lives quite a contemporary lifestyle. I work from home or wherever I’m travelling, more often than not at very odd hours. I’m more comfortable in dresses than saris just because they’re easy & let me move the way I want. Which is why I really loved this brand video for the LABEL by Ritu Kumar Autumn Winter 2015 collection.  To me it epitomizes a young global Indian who fancies carefully crafted, fashion forward wardrobe for her lifestyle. From maxis to dresses, tunics, jumpsuits, shirts, tops, tees, pants and skirts, the Label range offers a plethora of options for the women of today for work, every day needs as well as more formal occasions. The collection makes a statement with its indelible Ritu Kumar stamp from its vintage prints to embroideries and resonates our cultural ethos in a global fashion product. As soon as I walked into the Label by Ritu Kumar store the first thing that caught my eye was this gorgeous maxi dress. Simultaneous on trend & timeless, it’s understated yet sure to turn heads. I loved everything from the fall of the crepe silk to it’s subtle sheen & of course the wool embroidery. I kept all focus on the dress by pairing it with block heels, wrist watch, a red bag & of course a classic red lip. While at the store I also bought a lovely shift dress that I plan to wear for holiday parties, I’m sure you’ll see it soon enough! x Label by Ritu Kumar is available at their flagship stores, on their website & online here. • Label by Ritu Kumar on Facebook • twitter @RituKumarHQ • instagram @labelritukumar 
 My version of a cool everyday grunge look + details about a fabulous contest by Asus that lets you flaunt your style!       Levi’s western shirt (worn as jacket) // StalkBuyLove melange slit cami dress // silver + turquoise pendant from Goa // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Amano leather backpack (from Auroville) // Vans metallic leather sneakers Photos by Sheila Vaz Although I occasionally do more elaborate outfit posts here on the blog, I’m most comfortable in jeans or tshirt dresses. I added some interesting accessories to a great basic cami dress to make it appropriate for Mumbai winters. It’s a very wearable, casual look for days when you’re going to be on your feet a lot, I think it’s perfect for music festivals too! And now I want to tell you guys all about the Asus #Zenlooks contest! The Asus #Zenfone range is one of the most popular & loved smartphone ranges. Each device packs a punch & is incredibly stylish. The kick the style factor of the Zenfone up a notch, they’ve launched the #Zenlooks contest! Asus has already launched some stunning limited edition covers for the Zenfone 2 & now they’re turning to you. You can design your very own Zenfone case with a photo you took or a design you created. Make it classic, quirky or elegant as long as it reflects your personal style & fashion aesthetic! There are weekly prizes to be won & the grand prize winner will have their design printed on a case! I’ve already created a case that’s very me, what are you waiting for? x 


Kulture Shop tshirt (by Jas Charanjiva) // Koovs ankle cropped denim // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady watch // Clark’s romantic moon sandals // Elephant bag from Chatuchak Market (Bangkok) Photos by Sheila Vaz Another casual outfit from my Pondicherry travels. This post is named after the badass artwork on the tshirt. I first saw it over a year ago outside Cafe Zoe, not knowing who the artist wars, but I was incredibly drawn to it (& I snapped an instagram of course!) Fast forward to a few months later & I discovered Kulture Shop & their incredible business model of selling art created by artists, not just as framed pictures but tshirts too at a cost that supports the artist but is still affordable for consumers. Although a framed print would last longer, I liked the idea of taking my favorite artwork outside my room, wearing it & making a statement in my own way. They have an incredible number of designs from so many artists but Don’t Mess With Me (by Jas Charanjiva, co-founder of Kulture Shop & fellow Bowiephile!) always remained my favorite! This outfit was perfect for walking to a café to grab lunch & I couldn’t resist photographing it against this cheery yellow wall – would you believe it’s a government building? Pondy is just something else! x     It’s been over a year since I did my last What’s in my Bag video, so I thought it was time for an update. My favorite bag of the moment has been a Lavie backpack! Watch the video to see everything I stuff in my bag, for a list of everything check the description box under the video. Do you carry around as much junk as me or are you minimalistic with your bag’s contents? x     Recently I took a long trip to Chennai & Pondicherry. It was my third trip to Tamil Nadu this year (I’ve really fallen in love with the state!) but my first to Pondicherry & it didn’t disappoint. I had a very laidback vacation so I didn’t vlog but I made a lookbook video with my outfits from the trip!You can see looks above, everything from what I wore while flying to a sunny daytime outfit to what I wore for cocktails. I’d love to know which is your pick from four. Click through to the video & check the description box for all outfit details. I already did a post on outfit #2, the rest are coming soon! x It’s been a while since I wrote about travel here on the blog, even though I’ve been travelling a lot. Ok maybe not a lot but a fair amount. Starting today I’m going to share all the details from my recent trip to Chennai & Pondicherry. And what better way to begin than to share what I wore while travelling?  Koovs ‘Mumbai’ sweatshirt // Levi’s 711 skinny jeans // Puma Suede Eco sneakers // Daniel Wellington Classy Sheffield Lady Photographs by Sheila Vaz When I saw this pretty sweatshirt on Koovs, I fell in love with everything from the pretty pink & white melange fabric to the MUMBAI embroidered in big bold letters. I’m always happy to represent my favorite city! I paired it with my Levi’s 711 Skinnies from the new ladies denim collection. In the few months since the new one is out, I already have the 711 (skinny), 312 (shaping slim) & 721 (high rise skinny). It’s a fabulous line with so many different shapes, fits & washes & every time I’m anywhere in the vicinity of a Levi’s store I duck in to buy yet another pair – I’ve even convinced my mom to buy the 312 & 721! I chose to wear a pair of my dressier sneakers that still make a statement & wore my newest Daniel Wellington watch, because when I’m in an airport of course I’m going to look at my watch a million times. When I wore this outfit it was still pretty warm in Mumbai but I put this together keeping in mind chilly airplane cabins. I always dress for comfort, even more so on flights & though this was a very quick one, I reckon this would be perfect even for a long haul flight! Now that it’s gotten slightly chillier here I think I’ll be wearing this exact same combination out more! I’m quite the #shamelessoutfitrepeater. See this outfit in motion in my Vacation Lookbook Video! Next time I’ll be talking luggage… x With the festival of lights upon us, I thought I’d share a look featuring this gorgeous anarkali I got online…


 Saree.com anarkali // Gili earrings (borrowed from mom) // Koovs shoes Photographs by Sheila Vaz 
 Despite being born & brought up in Mumbai, I don’t own a lot of ethnic clothes. There are hundreds (if not thousands!) of stores selling sarees, salwar kameezes & anarkalis in the city but the sheer size of inventory in some of the stores coupled with the over-enthusiastic sales people & the inability to get smaller sizes has put me off shopping for the longest time. And then I chanced upon Saree.com. I was impressed at the collection & call me a weirdo but I’ve always preferred online shopping to brick & mortar stores. Another thing that I loved is that every single suit is custom made. So when I spotted this beautiful anarkali, I just measured myself & in about a week this custom tailored suit was at my door. It’s my first anarkali so I didn’t quite know what to expect but it looks great & is a lot more comfortable than walking in a saree. The floral embroidery & metallic trim make it very glamorous without being over the top & it has become my favorite item of Indian clothing in my wardrobe. Hope you guys are having a fun Diwali break! x  
It was fun rediscovering the various aspects of Liva, right from how it’s sustainably produced to how it’s the ideal fabric for a busy life in a crowded, polluted, dusty (but amazing!) city like Mumbai. And of course wood fired pizzas & a photo booth just contributed to making the evening a memorable one.  love,
Magali  Koovs v-neck back seam dress // Lavie backpack // Koovs pointed toe metallic ballerinas Another fancy outfit from my trip to Goa, although I think seems a bit reminiscent of Santorini. An LBD is a classic & I loved the tie back detailing on this one. Paired it with a black backpack & a pair of pointed flats, I recently did a What’s in my Bag video featuring this very bag if you’re interested. love,
Magali  love,
Magali   love,Magali    PS- Did you notice my hot pink nails? They’re acry-gels from Jean Claude Biguine & I am really liking having nails that don’t look like tiny, chewed up nubs. Full review coming soon! love,Magali Reliance Trends boxy top + graphic print joggers // Forever 21 denim clutch // Casio digital watch // Clarks Susie Deva sandals This is what I wore to Tarun Tahiliani’s show at Lakmé Fashion Week, presented by Reliance Trends. I went for an outfit that is both glamorous & very comfortable to wear, my own interpretation of easy glam. It’s the perfect ensemble for lazy girls like me who want to look good without spending a bomb. There has always been this misconception that to look stylish you have to endure pain & be uncomfortable. But I think a lot of the current trends like sneakers, block heels, joggers & boxy tops belie that notion. I was instantly attracted to this waffle weave top both especially because of the neck detailing, saves me the trouble of having to pick out a necklace. I paired it with my block heels (finally heels I can stand / walk in without my feet feeling like they’re going to drop off at the end of the day). I’m quite happy with how the look turned out & I know I’ll be repeating it often – there’s no shame in that! x   love,Magali   This is the second monsoon outfit I’ve shared this year, after the Breton Dress. A plaid / lumberjack shirt is a wardrobe basic (I *still* miss this one!) & I love this one from Pepe because it’s just so light! Perfect for layering even on super hot days. And the printed denims fit so well & yet are really comfortable, I’ve love wearing it during flights, which is something I don’t say often about skinny jeans! And my Hunter Boots are the perfect pair of shoes for Mumbai Monsoon, on rainy days when you want to keep your feet dry & wade through inches deep water while still looking chic. I’ve had them for over three years (2012, 2013) & they still look super glossy! Do you live in a wet city? What’s your rainy day outfit like? love, Magali  Captain KYSO Averagers tshirt // StalkBuyLove shorts // North Star (by Bata) sneakers If you follow me on instagram (@magali_c), you’ll know that I spent the first half of July on a family vacation in Goa! I was a bit nervous about going during the monsoons, Mumbai itself has a very heavy monsoon but Goa can be much, much worse – my mother had often told this story about how it once rained for a whole week without a break. But lucky for us, we were blessed with absolutely lovely weather it rarely rained for more than 30 minutes at a time, it was always sort of blustery, the sun came out just enough so it was warm (but not hot!) It was a fortnight of absolute bliss, & all I have to show for it is a slight tan & a few extra kilos. One of the benefits of living in a tropical zone is that you can dress like it’s spring or summer almost all the year round. Growing up, a tshirt with a fun print on it with short & sneakers was pretty much my uniform, so this is a lot like that, except with lipstick!  This tshirt from Captain KYSO introduces you to a new bunch of superheroes, the Averagers – the people you call when the earth’s mightiest defenders are unable to save the day! Featuring super-ish heroes like Irony Man & The Mighty Bore. I paired it with a pair of pastel linen shorts from StalkBuyLove, perfect for warmer days; it’s high waisted with deep pockets. And finally I wore my new North Star sneakers, they’re really comfortable & great for days when you’re going to be walking a lot!     Forever 21 bag // Lavie bag // Rosato Charm bracelet // Melissa ‘Aranha’ Sandals  Calvin Klein Watches and Jewelry celebrated its latest collections Spellbound for Women and Earth for Men at the Asilo Lounge, Mumbai recently. The gorgeous Diana Penty, the new brand ambassador unveiled the collections and declared her love for Calvin Klein, which she believes goes perfectly with her minimalistic style. Calvin Klein earth is a bold and refined timepiece, that features a substantial brushed stainless steel for an impression of enduring masculinity and makes it the perfect accent for a casual chic weekend look. The apparent simplicity of the watch gives way to eloquent details and adding a sporty, elegant overall design. Offered in white, khaki, blue or black. Calvin Klein Spellbound on the other hand is natural and inspired. Ancient history re-imagined for the modern world. Calvin Klein Spellbound brings together python embossed leather in rich mineral-inspired tones with a bold silhouette for an impactful look. Offered in nature, grey, black, blue or yellow python embossed leather, each timepiece is accented by a polished stainless steel case and dial or PVD pink gold and black dial Calvin Klein spellbound is sensual and captivating. Soft embossed python leather and hard metal come together to create this seductively sleek jewelry set. Each of the three pieces are available in either polished stainless steel with black, nature, grey, blue or yellow embossed python leather; or pink gold PVD with black embossed python leather. The collection has everything from necklaces, pendants, bangles and bold rings.  love,
Magali     Liva is natural, comfortable & fits my dressing philosophy completely. In fact, I’d like to switch out my whole wardrobe for garments made with this amazing fabric. If this sounds like something you’d like, head to your nearest Pantaloons & look out for the Liva tag! love,
Magali  love,Magali  love,Magali  What do you think of my Glamorous Gloss look? Would you experiment with purple lips? love,
Magali        love,Magali    love,Magali   love,Magali If you’re new to my blog, one thing you have to know about me is that I am a total jeans person. I got my first pair when I was about 7 (they were stone washed), I think & I never got out (it seems). I’ve probably had at least one pair of every type of that there are, over the years- deep blue, bleached, stone washed, distressed, ripped & embroidered ones in almost every color that there is. Jeans were my go-to during college & I still wear them very, very often. If you’re anything like me, you’ll be quite excited about what I have to share with you – BRAND FACTORY outlets in Thane, Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, Mysore, Hubli, Mangalore, Ahmedabad and Nagpur are offering a 3 day sale (13th to 15th March) with over 1.5 Lakh Branded Pieces on sale. I actually visited their massive Mumbai outlet in Vikhroli yesterday evening for a little preview of what’s in store (& I filmed a vlog, of course!  All pieces are available at a flat Rs.599/- & Rs.999/- & the brand list includes a set of 25 denim giants like: Lee & Lee Cooper, Pepe, Wrangler, Levis, Wrangler, Flying Machine, Spykar and many more! The variety was unbelievable. Rows & rows of jeans neatly arranged according to style & size, in both the men’s & women’s section & they weren’t even done setting up when I left. I tried a lovely new pair of light jeans (with lotsss of pockets of course) which went really well with my tunic. The Sale starts today & ends on Sunday, if you like denim at all, this is definitely not a sale you should miss!  You can also like Brand Factory on facebook here & crazily enough get even further discounts on jeans. So what are you waiting for? love, Magali Founded in 1982, Minawala has grown to be one of India’s most recognisable names when it comes to diamond jewellery. A few weeks ago I was invited to their cute little two-storey Turner Road store to have a look at some of their current pieces. Minawala doesn’t make gold jewellery, but they are known for their stunning diamond jewellery inlaid with precious stones.   love,
Magali  My favorite thing about this jumpsuit was of course the cute origami cranes near the ankles. But obviously the star of this outfit were my delicate silver earrings from Silvette, I’ve always had a thing for moonstones & I just love everything about this pair! love,Magali  love,
Magali  love,Magali    love,Magali   love,Magali     love,Magali  I don’t usually dress up this much on vacation, but some days you just feel fancy! This black dress number is one of my all time favorite dresses – for obvious reasons. This pretty statement necklace was all I needed to complete the outfit! love,Magali   love,Magali love,
Magali I had a really fun time at the Kazo meet & enjoyed checking out their new collection. In fact I’m just going through their lookbook as I type this.  You can read more about Kazo on their website & also keep up with them on facebook, twitter & instagram. love,Magali     I’m so happy to present my first ever ‘get ready with me’ video. If you’re unfamiliar with the format, get ready with me (or grwm) are videos where I take you through my entire look of the day, right from the makeup to the outfit. This was what I wore on a hot summer’s day in Goa. Do watch the video above (& subscribe if you like what you see?), I hope you enjoy it & I’m planning to make more of these soon (should I narrate next time?)For a list of all the products I used, do check out the description box below the video here.   love,Magali    love,Magali love,
Magali    I also filmed the TMI tag, which is just a fun set of questions to help you get to know me better! For a list of all the questions, check the video description box. If you make videos, I’d love to see you take this tag yourself!   love,Magali  love,
Magali   love,Magali  love,
Magali In my 2013 wrap up post I mentioned a collaboration that I hadn’t shared yet, so here it is! The Trunk Label, the third brand from The Label Corp family launched in December ’13. Styled by the lovely Bipasha Basu, they have everything you need to complete your outfit and ensure that you make a statement! As part of their launch, they gathered up a few fashion insiders to star in a little promo video & I was one of them! I was crazy nervous because I had never been in a video before. But they were so supportive & the end result does not suck. Also, it ended up being pretty significant in the grand scheme of things because that was the point I started thinking of, & then knew that I would start a YouTube channel of my own – it has to begin somewhere, right? The promo is below, do check it out!     love,Magali { 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 } It’s the last day of the year so I thought I’d do a quick recap of outfit posts this year. I set a slightly ambitious goal of doing one a month which didn’t really happen. But nine isn’t so bad, right? Besides, it’s one more than last year! I love the photo from the bhane. street shoot but if I had to pick favorites, it would the monsoon look & the festive look. I’m not doing a separate post to address the makeup + beauty aspect of this blog, but I’m pretty satisfied with how things went. I can remember this year for some shitty things that happened, but I choose to commemorate the milestones. In March this year, I bought my first red lipstick & I went from thinking red was a party shade & that it didn’t suit darker skin to realizing that it’s not only a universal shade but universally empowering. Not only do I wear it often, but it’s made me much brave to wear bold colors (even ones that might be considered slightly outlandish by some, like orange). I was a part of a campaign for two different webstores this year, one is bhane. & I’ll be addressing the other one soon! x Pretty Secrets is an Indian ecommerce site that sells lingerie, sleepwear & swimwear (they even have a new collection of tops now). They sent me a little voucher to review the store & share my experience.  love,
Magali   love,
Magali  love,
Magali    Breton tee from Bandra | Lee Jeans | Case-Mate Flamingo iPhone case* | Original tall gloss Hunter boots {in cranberry} You don’t have to read this if you don’t want to, it isn’t really related to the outfit except that it is! Ever so often I have a bit of a blogging crisis. Back in early 2009 when I first started my lifestyle blog, people thought all blogs were tech blogs, & everyone talked about the oodles of money one could make from it. People blogging about any other topics were virtually unheard of, or their blogs were just dismissed as TMI personal diaries. Obviously, the perception of blogging has grown in leaps & bounds since then. This blog was started in mid 2009 when the only Indian fashion blogger I properly knew was Karishma of Purple Peeptoes (her blog was the inspiration I needed to start my own!) I’m sure there were a few more but I didn’t know them. There has been an explosion of new fashion bloggers in the Mumbai blogging scene especially since last year, & I think it’s absolutely fabulous. But with that has come a lot of stereotyping. Fashion bloggers are all supposed to be this homogenous breed of women that wear sky-high heels with top knots, who all attend Fashion Weeks, watch Sex & the City. Again, there’s nothing wrong with doing / liking those things but when everyone is expected to like the same things, that’s when the problem arises. I know people are stereotyped all the time, especially women so maybe I’m just finding this irksome because it’s new. I started blogging about my outfits because I liked the idea of an individual showing off their real, personal sense of style (if that makes any sense). I’ve thought of stopping outfit posts here because I don’t really have anything that new or innovative to show off. Nine out of ten posts here include jeans & I strongly favor basics. But after a bit of soul searching (ok, just being dramatic) I’ve decided to keep doing outfit posts for the very reason I started. Even if they’re not very daring, they’re pictures of outfits I wore, saved for posterity if nothing else. As my style & even body shape changes, as I ‘age’ & hairdos change, I like looking back at them all. There, I feel a weight off my chest already! Now onto the outfit details  Monsoon in Mumbai isn’t my favorite time. I don’t play in the rains & you might think I’m a killjoy or terribly unromantic but other than the pleasantly cool weather after the hot summer, I’ve hate just about everything that comes with the rain ever since I was little. But wellies make the whole thing insanely more bearable, even fun. I managed one outfit post last monsoon so I decided it was time for a redux. Gosh, I sound like I’m being sponsored, but no. Even though I bought these with my hard earned cash & they’re pricier than most shoes I own, they are worth every penny- comfortable & stylish. The roads can get filthy with potholes but these are just a joy to walk in. I don’t get my feet dirty or wet in any way – I just get home, remove my boots & they’re fresh as daisies.
More strangers have approached me asking about these babies than other other item I own. I sure do hope that Hunter Wellies start retailing locally soon, they would do so well here. But until then I will enjoy having a very unique, rare pair of shoes (in Mumbai only). I’ve long gotten used to the surprised, jealous, curious & amused stares.
That’s not saying these shoes don’t have a downside. Don’t attempt to wear them without socks, or you might get your feet stuck. I wore them without socks all throughout last year & it worked great as I always had my mom to help yank them off. But I was home alone for a short span of time last month & one day when I came home I couldn’t get it off. I tried all sorts of stunts (which I won’t get into because I’d like to retain a bit of self respect!) & finally they came off. So yes, beware. Never wearing them without socks again. In fact, I think it’s time to invest in a bootjack.
I am pretty simple & basic when it comes to dressing. I rarely make any kind of effort with my appearance because I always feel pressed for time (bad time management on my part) & would rather spend that extra 10 minutes sleeping or on the mac. In fact weddings or other special events like nights out are the only times I’m inclined to bother. I like buying accessories, but most of the time they just lie around (bad organisation!) I can finally reveal something I’ve been itching to share for ages! bhane. is undoubtedly one of my favorite Indian labels. When they launched their inaugural line (F/W ’12) they did something pretty different. Other than the usual in-studio photography, they took their models onto the streets of Delhi for a street style inspired shoot by Manou (of Wearabout). So for their next season (S/S ’13, the current season) instead of going the traditional fashion-campaign route, they decided instead to have India’s biggest street style shoot! Shot in Delhi & Mumbai, it had over 150 participants all with varied backgrounds (lawyers, bloggers, musicians and professionals, journalists etc.) I think it’s absolutely fabulous because you can go onto their websites & see how the clothes look on regular people with different body shapes. Anyway I was so excited when they invited me over to be a part of the Mumbai shoot! If you hop on over, you can see me modelling the panelled tank in the shade ‘aurora’, a cheery, summery yellow (just my kind of color!)  {bhane. & pipa+bella stuff from the shoot, rest is my own}   love,
Magali   love,Magali Toteteca Bag Works in a relatively new company that offers people the chance to custom make a bag to their unique preferences. Choose everything from the design, outer + lining cover, fittings & a monogram. Everyone like different kind of bags, some like them smaller one some larger, other like them structured & then there are people that prefer hobos. But whatever your choice, Toteteca will have the bag for you (see all the designs here). Choose what you like + pay. The bag will be made & sent within 3-5 days. Shipping is free in India (they ship internationally too) & costs start at just ₹900 & go up to ₹3,500. They offered to send me a bag of my choosing.  After looking at the large variety of bags available it took me very long time to first zero in on the design & then the color – I guess that’s what being spoilt for choice feels like? If you ever feel stuck the gallery can be helpful. Older readers will probably know that I have a serious weakness for box bags, so in the end I picked a Small Carry Case with a Dark tan body, Cranberry lining & gold fittings, with an inside monogram.This became the perfect carry case for Ada the globetrotting doll, who was visiting me for a while.  love,
Magali    love,Magali Nautica invited me to their store to browse their collections & pick something in for my dad for Father’s Day, which is almost upon us! I wish I could’ve taken dad along, but alas he’ll be arriving tomorrow (just a few days late). But I took my mother along of course, as he’s always pleased with her choice. The place is wonderfully styled keeping in line with the nautical theme, with everything from vintage scuba diving helmet, to telescopes & shiny metal anchors. There are even couches in the store, so you don’t have to feel guilty about lingering a little in the store while tiring out your shopping companion – I think it’s a really nice touch. Most of the store is filled with their men’s collection. Although there is a corner dedicated to their women’s collection, I felt rather goal-oriented so I didn’t really stop to take a look. Now I’m no menswear expert but I’ll try & talk about what they have. Since they’re a sportswear brand, most of their clothes fall into the casual / smart casual dressing range. Perfect for everyday or running errands, but if you’re looking for formal or party wear you ought to look elsewhere (though they have some lovely shirts for a semi-formal look. Very lightweight so perfect for the weather we’re having right now. They also have some nice sports jackets for when it’s cooler (or drizzly?) Other than the clothes there are quite a few accessories ranging from footwear (boat shoes, sneaker & flip flops), bags, wallets & belts. We finally picked out a chambray shirt for my dad, I’m hoping he likes it. Sidenote: My dad will be completing 40 years at sea this year! Overall I think if your dad loves sporty or preppy dressing, Nautica would be a good option to get him a father’s day gift. Heck I’ll go out on a limb here & say most dad’s would be quite happy with a gift from there. So what are you waiting for? Take your dad to Nautica for father’s day (I’m not underestimating the joy that a surprise brings, but I’m saying take your dad with you so he can choose what he likes. Feel free to surprise him if you’re completely confident about his tastes, though. love,
Magali   love,Magali    The loot – cashew fruits with the nuts attached. The yellow ones are ripe & the green one are raw. The three on the right are tender seeds (the fruit would grow in later).   Real talk: I’m not someone who considers myself high maintenance but I almost didn’t post this because the photos didn’t seem good enough – I look too stiff in the full-length photo, my hair is really fluffy + unruly & other trivial stuff like that. love,Magali  Magali   love,Magali    Wishing you guys a ton of Holiday Happiness & then some! ❅ love,Magali   love,Magali    As I mentioned in the last post, I’m currently in Jaipur! It’s not only beautiful but a shopper’s paradise as well (especially if you like ethnic wear!) I’m usually very casual on vacation, but when I picked up this dress from Golmaal just before I left I knew I had to carry this with me. Putting this on without having any specific place to go to, & just prancing about the lovely vintage hotel that we’re staying in, sort of reminded me of the years I’d dress up in my mom’s beautiful clothes from back in the day, hence the title. The earrings I’m wearing are named Lady Stardust after a song on David Bowie’s iconic Ziggy Stardust album & handmade by Erin, founder of MaMA CiTA jewelry. I usually tend to stay away from longer, dangly earrings, but these are very light & easy to wear. I just got access to internet in my room (besides the phone) hence this post. If you’re interested in seeing some photos from Jaipur, I’m currently pretty active on instagram! More soon. love,
Magali Everything comes in full circle, even fashion. This was a tenet my mom dinned into my head when I was younger, & now it’s just another little thing reinforcing the fact mother really does know best to me. This striped jumpsuit from James Ferreira’s latest collection (at the recently concluded Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week Spring Summer 2013) reminded me of two different David Bowie outfits, namely the glitzy striped jumpsuit by designer by Kansai Yamamoto (photograph by Masayoshi Sukita) & the striped blazer designed by Freddie Burreti (photograph by Geoff McCormack) both from 1973 (ZIGGY STARDUST!) A lot of international designers have had pieces or entire collections inspired by (read: blatantly ripped off) David’s signature 70s looks – for example Givenchy, Miu Miu, Alexander McQueen, Jean-Paul Gaultier. I’m not implying that this jumpsuit by James is copied, just saying that it reminded me of these Ziggy looks.
What do you think? x   Ending this with a picture of many crabs on the tetrapods at Marine Drive. You probably can’t tell from the picture but these were huge. I’m terrified of crabs – I can’t be the only one, right? love,Magali 



 love,
Magali  Here’s another outfit post from my trip to Delhi earlier this month (you can see the first one here). This wasn’t really planned as an outfit post, but I just wanted to show you my super-casual vacation attire. When I’m exploring some place new, comfort is paramount. Most days in Delhi involved a lot of walking (Connaught Place, Hauz Khas village etc.) I’m a big fan of the David Bowie & the 80s film Labyrinth where he stars as Jareth, the Goblin King. And so I love this t-shirt & have no shame in repeating it, repeatedly (the last part didn’t make too much sense but I think you get the idea!)
I’ve worn these Lee skinny jeans so much ever since I bought them & they still look & feel the same- they’re truly workhorse denims.
Ah these keds, the only thing I can say to them is ‘where have you been all my life?‘. They’re so perfect for a day of walking, my feet love them! love,
Magali